pretty bad anxiety towards taking meds with a possibility to prolong qt. help. warning this post got much, much longe r than i anticipated. sorry to however actually reads this entire essay. so, i have a psychiatrist who recently prescribed me sertraline for chronic depression ptsd and trazodone for sleep but i actually haven't taken either. this specific phobia started like 1 1 1 2 yrs ago i think. i had walking pneumonia a few weeks ago and absolutely had to take antibiotics and holy shit, my anxiety was thru the roof every time i was time to take it. i was absolutely convinced my qt interval was significantly prolonged and i was going to die in my sleep! i feel like i narrowly escaped death after i finished the course. which is ridiculous. i have had ekgs countless times, probably like over 10 times ftr i'm only 18 and only started getting them in the last two years and for the most part, were completely 100 normal shocker .... excluding this one time during my purging like 3x a day and keeping literally nothing down phase where my hearts repolarization phase fucked beyond belief. actually i'm just going to talk about that a little because the anxiety still plagues me. my heart was physically rattling shaking in my chest with every beat, like it was unsure of how to beat normal ly. it was incredibly scary, i think i experienced what i believe was possibly a very brief arrhythmia. at first i thought it may have been a minor seizure which wouldn't be that unrealistic, as purging electrolyte disturbances such as hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, and hypocalcemia. , sleep deprivation i had stayed up all night , physical activity while literally running on empty we were inside playing basketball when it all started and of course hypoglycemia essentially not eating will do that to ya all lower the seizure threshold, and also how i might have had a seizure once back when i was abusing dxm constantly which of course predisposes you to future seizures because of how disoriented i got and how everything became slow motion, almost similar to the time distortion one would get on a psychedelic. ......but that didn't explain how my heart rate was reaching 140 for the record, throughout the last 2ish years that i have been measuring it, it has always, always sat at a comfy 55 60 while not using hr raising drugs such as dxm or speed when i got it taken in the nurses office in the psychiatric facility, and how i felt like i was about to die. when i went and got that ekg i believe actually traumatized me in a way. coming fairly close to death which has actually happened to me a numerous times, with my purging phase, over exercising phase i actually kept a fucking exercise bike in my tiny ass room and legit would use it non stop for 3 5 hours to burn off literally everything i ate and then some, feeling proud when my net calories for the day ended up in the negative. it was bad, real bad restriction phase i have eaten less than 500 calories day for months at a time, several times, in fact i can feel a restriction phase coming on, as i am pushing myself to not eat, god i hate being eating disordered, but st this point it's a safety blanket after i've been dealing with this shit day n day out since 13 yrs old me first decided to eat like 100 calories a day for 2 or 3 months can't rmmbr cos i was obese. cant really remember if i started out with disordered thinking and intentions, or if it just was a crash diet turned weird obsession and addiction to weight loss. and also, this one non eating disorder related time i was riding in a car with my mom maybe 1 1 2 years ago , legit almost got tboned we would have been hit on my her side of the car, had we been just 2 seconds slower getting through the intersection, that person would have hit us. oddly enough, she was panicking, yet i f elt absolutely nothing, no adrenaline, no fear, nothing. i attribute that to how i learned to dissociate from everything at. a young age due to my father's husband abusing us constantly lol dissociation as a coping mechanism is cool not i wholeheartedly believe i could have died if i continued with the purging i still get extreme anxiety when i analyze that specific ekg i know i should throw it out but i just can't, i am a person who is very much into record keeping . i feel like i am not actually alive, that i died months years ago, and this is maybe purgatory. i alternate between genuinely feeling like i should truly not be am not actually alive, because of all of this shit. not sure if that's connected to the ptsd or what. i mean, i was dxd with major depressive disorder with psychotic features, at one point. god my life is a nightmare. i so desperately wish to take the place of a normal person ie didn't have an abusive biological father, isn't a piece of shit drug addict, doesn't harm themselves via eating habits and excessive exercise, doesn't have all these stupid ridiculous mental things. how did my life end up like this....... i fantasize about it alot. normal people with normal lives take that shit for granted. it angers me. they just don't understand how goddamn lucky they fucking are, holy fucking shit. oops, sorry for the going off on a total tangent. that happens to me sometimes. anyway...how do i get over this.... i honestly would not take any med like that on a daily basis unless i had an at home ekg that i could use like 12 times a day. actually, every time i discontinued an ssri or antipsychotic it as because i could sense that my qt interval was prolonged. even if the drug was helping me. it's horrible. i have a cardiologist appointment soon because i got minor chest pains during exercise a few weeks ago. which doesn't sound particularly bad, but that, coupled with the knowledge of the fact that many people can have silent heart attacks and asymptomatic arrhythmias, it's downright terrifying. i am scared about what i might find out, if i mayhaps did permanent, structural, unfixable damage to my heart muscle from a only a several month long bulimic episode, and am now much, much more vulnerable to cardiac events.... i almost don't want to go. now what's weird about this phobia, is that i currently am using xanax at night and meth during the day and i'm also a smoker. its weird how those three things are pretty not good for you, yet i have less anxiety about smoking a cig or a bowl of meth than taking an anti depressant???!??? it's so irrational and honestly i believe it's an ocd thing as i also tend to take my blood pressure 4 20 times a day no fucking joke and weigh my self constantly and also check my pulse to see if my heart rhythm is normal about 10x a day. my blood pressure is so good that even as i am fucking high out of my mind on meth and just smoked a cig, the highest it goes is like 130 85 which, insanely and funnily enough, is still probably lower than like 70 of americas blood pressure, lmao , which is just slightly hypertensive. it's normal ly, with only the cigs and no meth, like 90 60, sometimes even like 85 57, no lie. i attribute it to my whole food plant based diet. i'm not really sure why i still compulsively take my bp. but anyway this anxiety is destroying me. i really do think i need to be on an ssri or something, but i guarantee i could not even take a single benadryl without panicking hardcore. so. does anyone deal with this fear of an abnormal heart rhythm specifically? i just wonder how common it is. and how people deal with it. end xanax fueled rant about my mental issues. i would be shocked if anyone actually reads this entire essay
a month ago i was drugged without my consent long post ... tl dr dad gave me edible without my knowledge consent, i had a really bad trip, now i don't know how to deal with it. hey, not sure if this is the best place to post this. i'm not even sure what i'm looking for exactly to vent? to know if someone had a similar experience? i don't know. last month i was staying at my dad's house. one night, i was sitting in the living room while he and his wife were in the kitchen nearby. i wasn't paying any attention to them i was playing a video game on my dad's laptop. i had headphones on, with one ear uncovered because i was also watching the simpsons. so i didn't know what they were talking about. my dad came up to me and held out what seemed to be this gummy candy. i don't remember if i asked what it was whether i did or not, he was just like try it. now, the thing about my dad is that this sort of thing isn't unusual i'm used to him making me try weird foods and such. so, perhaps foolishly, i ate it without really questioning it it tasted vile . it was only after i had already swallowed it that he told me it was an edible. now, another thing about him is that a lot of times he likes to mess with me. once, when i was a teenager, for example, he gave me a drink and told me it had alcohol when it really didn't. so i wasn't sure if he was lying or not. i knew he and his wife sometimes took edibles, i just...didn't know they had any at the time. i had never done drugs before, and i don't think i would have eaten it if i had known. after that, he and his wife went to bed. about an hour or so passed, then it began kicking in. i started feeling dizzy, and i got kind of scared, so i went into their bedroom and i asked my dad if it really was an edible. he said no. this was a lie, but obviously i didn't know it at the time. i decided the best thing to do was try to get some sleep. there was only one bedroom, so i had been sleeping on a mattress in the corner. so i was lying there, crying because i had no idea if what i was feeling was because i was high or if it was all in my head. my dad's wife was also high, and she started talking to me. i started laughing, things got kind of funny...i started talking about all of my interests much to my dad's annoyance, as he was trying to sleep , and i said some really embarrassing things i later found out he had recorded at least most of what i said...well, yelled, 'cause apparently when i'm high i get really loud . i have selective mutism, so i tend to have a lot of trouble talking if i'm not really comfortable it's gotten better over the years, but my dad is convinced that i don't actually have it or something ... anyway, at some point, i fell asleep and had a horrible nightmare. it's hard to describe, but it involved me forgetting everything...my life, my interests, the people i knew and the world around me...i dreamt that my dad knew i was going to forget it all, and i remember the fear i felt in the nightmare. just that feeling of... why? why would he do this to me? i tried to recall faces mine, my dad's, a musician i have a crush on yeah, weird, i know ...and everything was warped, grotesque. everything became a black void you know that scene in spongebob where squidward's in that alone place? kind of like that, except black instead of white . i began thinking that maybe i had died, or was dying, and that this horrible void was the afterlife. i woke up sobbing and screaming oh god! oh lord! over and over and also yelling at my dad how could you do this to me!? and i will never forgive you! he and his wife got me up from the mattress and had me drink some water. everything during this part and afterwards felt like a dream that i was trying to wake up from. my dad made me some oatmeal and put on some songs by one of my favorite artists american murder song . in my disoriented state, i remember thinking that the first song he put on was familiar, and that if i could just hang on to that familiar feeling everything would hopefully be okay. i vaguely remember singing along to the songs. after i ate he put on one of my favorite movies repo! the genetic opera and left me in the living room. i remember it being on, but it felt almost like i was half asleep or something throughout. i was just anxious and confused, and i was trying to focus on the movie but i kept...i don't know, it was like going in and out of consciousness or something. there's a scene towards the end of the movie where the main character falls unconscious and i remember vaguely wondering if perhaps i was actually her i'm a guy, not that it mattered to my drugged self and that i would wake up and the movie would be reality. apparently, i also sang along to the whole move, but i don't remember this my dad came into the room to check on me at some point and he said i seemed to be having a great time, but i know i really wasn't . i do remember, however, that at some point i threw up all over myself. after the movie, i told my dad i threw up and he was mad that i was too disoriented to clean it up myself. by this point, about six hours had passed since i had taken the edible. i remember being so confused i asked him what day it was. after that, i went back to sleep. the next day, my dad told me that it really was an edible...so i did feel somewhat relieved that it was actually a drug that was making me feel that way. but for about three days afterward i still felt the affects of it...and for about a week or so i kept experience derealization. my dad's reason for giving me the edible...he said he thought it would make me talk more...which it did, but it was humiliating. apparently, he and his wife had talked about what was in it before he gave me the edible, but as my cousin pointed out to me it's strange to just assume that i'd be paying attention to a conversation that i wasn't even part of, even if i was in the room. so he apparently thought i knew what it was... i wasn't able to go home immediately he lives in another state so he had to buy a plane ticket and all that , but when i eventually did i told my mom what happened. she's furious at my dad, though neither of us have spoken to him about it. i talked to my therapist about it recently, but her reaction seemed...dismissive like, she thought it was cool that it made me talk about my interests, but again...i had no consent . so here i am, exactly a month after it happened...i still experience derealization if i think about it parts of the nightmare i mentioned i literally only remembered last night... . i just...i don't know how i'm going to get over this. i don't know if i'm ever going to be able to, for example, watch repo! again...just recently i listened to one of the songs my dad had put on and it gave me a weird feeling in my stomach. i'm trying to decide whether or not to cut ties with my dad... this isn't the first time i've thought about it, to be honest, but i'm seriously considering it now . i just know now that thinking about that nightmare still terrifies me...
having anxiety and ptsd over being excluded from a reunion. toxic ex friend who socially traumatized me was invited. tl dr having very mixed feelings over a reunion that i was not invited to but i feel i should have been, plus a former friend who socially traumatized me was invited backstory i am a pro player at a certain game. i went viral on youtube and reddit different profile . the game's official youtube channel's video of my gameplay has over 5m views and is the third most viewed video on the channel. i had worked with the game's pr on stuff in the past and was always welcome at events and such. i befriended many other players of this game over social media. i deactivated facebook in early 2021 because i realized my mental health issues were showing and people were leaving group chats because of me and even unfriending me. i decided to deactivate before i ruined any friendships that meant a lot to me. i still maintain strong friendships with many of my fellow players. for many years, the makers of the game said that they would never do a tournament or any kind of bring together the best players event because the player base is just too large and because the game is very luck based but if you're like me, you can sort of manipulate your odds . this year, a new person was put in charge of the game and they have decided to finally have a special event reuniting fan favorite players in person, most of whom went viral in the same way i did. 15 people were invited, and i was not one of them. the day the invitations went out, i got several messages from fellow players asking me, did you get invited to the thing? . many in the community were shocked i was not, and one of them said they're missing out without you . when i found out this was happening, i started trembling with anxiety for multiple reasons. one being that i was overthinking why i wasn't invited and paranoia that i may be blacklisted i have been very vocal about the game's flaws on social media . one thing that got me was that around the time my gameplay was posted, i was often grouped with two other great players in promotional stuff and we were kind of like the de facto goat trio we were the top three viewed videos on the youtube channel at the time, though a couple have snuck between us since then. these two people were both invited to the reunion event. i am so happy for those who were invited and i'm trying to convince myself that not everyone could get this opportunity, but i can't help but feel hurt and worried. the reunion happened today, and i purposefully avoided everyone's social media so i wouldn't have to see photos or anything of them hanging out at bars or restaurants and stuff afterwards. i suffer from fomo big time. i've flown out to events that friends went to just to avoid fomo, but i didn't have time to fly out for this reunion even to just stop by and say hi. the event is not being publicized until may, so i'm going to have to deal with this feeling again in a couple of months. part of the reason i am anxious about this whole thing is because one of the players who was invited to the reunion is a former close friend of mine. we bonded over the game of course, and his high score blew mine out of the water. we discovered we had a lot in common. he also suffers anxiety and he gave me advice on what meds are better than others i still take the one he recommended me to this day. we're also both gay, and i found him very attractive as did many others in our community . our friendship shattered when i went to visit him in person across the country and he showed very manipulative behavior that i was too naive to discern at the time. he purposefully distanced himself from me whenever we were in a room together e.g. sitting on a different couch and excluded me from parties he went to while i was in town to prevent anything sexual happening between us, and lying about them. he had been sending me several pictures of him shirtless and in bed with other guys we knew, knowing it would turn me on, among many other forms of leading me on, but never had the courage to say i don't like you like that . instead, he let me come all this way and then gaslit me for trying to come on to him, saying it was inappropriate behavior behavior that he exhibited with other guys right in front of me, and said it's different with them when i asked . we tried to move on from that experience while staying friends, but then he kept making jokes about me with the other guys and i got tired of it. we haven't spoken in months, and when we did speak, it was only because he had a question about the game. i suffered so much social trauma from this person i trusted, and his group of friends who seemed like a mean girls plastics clique that acted polite around me but i later realized they didn't care about me one way or the other. i followed all of them on instagram and only one followed me back. these people ostracized and humiliated me on top of my friend's various forms of mental and emotional abuse. the trauma only started setting in as months passed and i started crying myself to sleep and sort of reenacting the day everything happened in my head wishing i was more assertive. now i get ptsd at the mention of his name, and i deleted almost every picture i took on my trip to meet him. so since he was invited to the reunion, i might have declined if i was invited so i wouldn't have to be in the same room as him, because it would have been so triggering for me and i would not have been able to concentrate on the game. that being said, i would definitely be willing to take a day to have a serious discussion with this person over how he made me feel and maybe we could start over strictly as friends, because i do think he is a good person. i really hope come may when the reunion is made public that i don't suffer any more ptsd. i hope i can find some healthy distractions. has anyone ever been in a situation like this involving being excluded from an outing involving a traumatic person from your past?
2 years of relentless hiv anxiety please read and keep calm for the last couple of years, i have been utterly petrified of hiv. i'd say it has crossed my mind at least once an hour for the last 2 years and 4 months. statistically, the chances of me having it were alwaysridiculously small, and none of the science would support the hypothesis that i had contracted hiv. but some brains work in funny ways. and mine is an example of a brain that immediately believes the worst possible outcome. and i'm sure there are many many many more out there who have wrapped themselves in a similar web of self loathing and utter panic. the advent of dr google is good, but it can also do some terrible things for our mental health. the solution the whole time was simple test. test and set yourself free. it's hugely important on so many levels to know your hiv status. for your own health, for your sexual partner's health. for the sake of the nhs. i am so glad i got tested. i can literally feel a part of my brain resuming activity. it feels strange not carrying around the fear i had been carrying before it has literally given me a headache as my brain tries to decide how to reallocate this space. i had all the symptoms. absolutely text book seroconversion illness. fever, sore throat, swollen glands, night sweats, stomach discomfort, everything. doctor's presumed it was glandular fever, but tests never confirmed the presence of the ebv which it should for glandular fever . classic ars. of course, after a couple of weeks i was back on my feet again, and the doctor was quite content.then about a year after this, i came out in a weird rash that wouldn't go away for like 2 weeks. seemed like some sort of bacterial infection to me . and it always got worse in the sun. obviously my immune system was compromised. from the moment of my glandular fever my brain had convinced myself i was carrying hiv. but i wasn't brave enough to test. i was being cowardly. however, over the last few months i've been having some stomach issues, which are pretty non specific, and the internet didn't really help me link it to hiv. the doctor did suggest a cbc test for me though, i think just to get an idea if anything was going on, blood wise obviously lol . i was told by the nurse who carried out the blood test that it was very much a case of no news is good news . of course, having had the blood test on monday, first thing on tuesday i got a call from the doctor. my white blood cell count was low, and she wanted me to come in so she could feel my lymph nodes. ahhhhh! my brain went in to overdrive. i couldn't cope. this was it. my worst fears realised. why me? why me?!! that's exactly what hiv does it attacks white blood cells. nooooo! i went in for the doctor's appointment, and she said all my lymph nodes were normal ly and no cause for concern. she did then say, i would like to test you for hiv . my world was crumbling inwards. i couldn't believe that this was happening to me, a very conservative, early twentys, heterosexual male. i looked at the statistics to such a deep level, that i knew that in my country of residence, there was only 32 males aged 15 24 who were hiv positive. that's essentially like 0 of the population. i was about to become a medical phenomenon. the doctor eventually decided just to take the cbc again in 6 weeks time, and that we wouldn't test for hiv just yet as i kind of freaked out when she suggested the hiv test . but the time was now i needed to know. i would have no quality of life with this intense level of anxiety coursing through every fibre of my being, every second of the day. i had a second job interview for a pretty plush job that day, and i totally flunked it due to the unbearable mental tension i felt. i did manage to summon the courage to order a hiv home test kit, which i had delivered to my family home, where i would have the test in the presence of my family so that i could receive immediate support from those closest to me when the test returned a positive result and in my head, it was very much of when not if . i spoke to them on the day the doctor said about my low wbc, and they were all wonderfully supportive did have to speak to my mum about my sex life though not ideal . so i went home yesterday, and i had the test. and, of course, it was a big fat negative. which it always has been. it was a crucifying 15 minutes waiting for the test to work, but during those 15 minutes, on a deep level i felt a sense of peace. the band aid had been ripped off, and life was going to move on. hiv is the worst for health anxiety, as almost everything can be linked back to it. the anxiety can make your brain question everything i was even questioning my ability to swallow at one point. but the chances are, going off the plethora of statistics out there, you don't have it, whoever you are who is out there searching for every piece of hiv research ever which has been me for the last two years . but still, if the anxiety is as stressful and overbearing as what i was experiencing, you need to get tested. now. somehow. make it happen. i took the time to write this in the hope that someone who is currently going through a similar thing to what i went through, can find solace in it. you will be alright regardless. you are a good person. but you need to put your mind to rest. you need to have the test. 'thinking fast and slow' by daniel kahneman teaches a brilliant lesson in terms of this. our brains are desperate to come up with a story that will justify our irrational way of thinking catastrophising. but numbers matter. statistics speak volumes. you are not special. you are overwhelmingly likely to be normal . you aren't the 1 in 100,000 shot. you are the 99,999 out of 100,000 shot. our brains struggle to compute the true values of these numbers, but we must try. peace!
2 years of relentless hiv anxiety please read and keep calm for the last couple of years, i have been utterly petrified of hiv. i'd say it has crossed my mind at least once an hour for the last 2 years and 4 months. statistically, the chances of me having it were alwaysridiculously small, and none of the science would support the hypothesis that i had contracted hiv. but some brains work in funny ways. and mine is an example of a brain that immediately believes the worst possible outcome. and i'm sure there are many many many more out there who have wrapped themselves in a similar web of self loathing and utter panic. the advent of dr google is good, but it can also do some terrible things for our mental health. the solution the whole time was simple test. test and set yourself free. it's hugely important on so many levels to know your hiv status. for your own health, for your sexual partner's health. for the sake of the nhs. i am so glad i got tested. i can literally feel a part of my brain resuming activity. it feels strange not carrying around the fear i had been carrying before it has literally given me a headache as my brain tries to decide how to reallocate this space. i had all the symptoms. absolutely text book seroconversion illness. fever, sore throat, swollen glands, night sweats, stomach discomfort, everything. doctor's presumed it was glandular fever, but tests never confirmed the presence of the ebv which it should for glandular fever . classic ars. of course, after a couple of weeks i was back on my feet again, and the doctor was quite content.then about a year after this, i came out in a weird rash that wouldn't go away for like 2 weeks. seemed like some sort of bacterial infection to me . and it always got worse in the sun. obviously my immune system was compromised. from the moment of my glandular fever my brain had convinced myself i was carrying hiv. but i wasn't brave enough to test. i was being cowardly. however, over the last few months i've been having some stomach issues, which are pretty non specific, and the internet didn't really help me link it to hiv. the doctor did suggest a cbc test for me though, i think just to get an idea if anything was going on, blood wise obviously lol . i was told by the nurse who carried out the blood test that it was very much a case of no news is good news . of course, having had the blood test on monday, first thing on tuesday i got a call from the doctor. my white blood cell count was low, and she wanted me to come in so she could feel my lymph nodes. ahhhhh! my brain went in to overdrive. i couldn't cope. this was it. my worst fears realised. why me? why me?!! that's exactly what hiv does it attacks white blood cells. nooooo! i went in for the doctor's appointment, and she said all my lymph nodes were normally and no cause for concern. she did then say, i would like to test you for hiv . my world was crumbling inwards. i couldn't believe that this was happening to me, a very conservative, early twentys, heterosexual male. i looked at the statistics to such a deep level, that i knew that in my country of residence, there was only 32 males aged 15 24 who were hiv positive. that's essentially like 0 of the population. i was about to become a medical phenomenon. the doctor eventually decided just to take the cbc again in 6 weeks time, and that we wouldn't test for hiv just yet as i kind of freaked out when she suggested the hiv test . but the time was now i needed to know. i would have no quality of life with this intense level of anxiety coursing through every fibre of my being, every second of the day. i had a second job interview for a pretty plush job that day, and i totally flunked it due to the unbearable mental tension i felt. i did manage to summon the courage to order a hiv home test kit, which i had delivered to my family home, where i would have the test in the presence of my family so that i could receive immediate support from those closest to me when the test returned a positive result and in my head, it was very much of when not if . i spoke to them on the day the doctor said about my low wbc, and they were all wonderfully supportive did have to speak to my mum about my sex life though not ideal . so i went home yesterday, and i had the test. and, of course, it was a big fat negative. which it always has been. it was a crucifying 15 minutes waiting for the test to work, but during those 15 minutes, on a deep level i felt a sense of peace. the band aid had been ripped off, and life was going to move on. hiv is the worst for health anxiety, as almost everything can be linked back to it. the anxiety can make your brain question everything i was even questioning my ability to swallow at one point. but the chances are, going off the plethora of statistics out there, you don't have it, whoever you are who is out there searching for every piece of hiv research ever which has been me for the last two years . but still, if the anxiety is as stressful and overbearing as what i was experiencing, you need to get tested. now. somehow. make it happen. i took the time to write this in the hope that someone who is currently going through a similar thing to what i went through, can find solace in it. you will be alright regardless. you are a good person. but you need to put your mind to rest. you need to have the test. 'thinking fast and slow' by daniel kahneman teaches a brilliant lesson in terms of this. our brains are desperate to come up with a story that will justify our irrational way of thinking catastrophising. but numbers matter. statistics speak volumes. you are not special. you are overwhelmingly likely to be normal. you aren't the 1 in 100,000 shot. you are the 99,999 out of 100,000 shot. our brains struggle to compute the true values of these numbers, but we must try. peace!
does this appear to be anxiety, or something else? have no idea what is going chest pain, weakness, tachycardia, high blood b12 . countless doctors have not solved it. and it is getting really bad lately. age 22 sex male height 5 10 weight 148ish race south asian duration of complaint 8 months after viral infection location geographic and on body toronto, canada current medications no. recent blood test i have had blood test for the past 9 months, the last one 4 months ago. and all blood tests have had similar numbers, all had very high b12, and realtively high neutrophils and monocytes. all had normal cbc other wise, my lymphocytes, rbc count, platelet count, creatine kinase, potassium, tsh, albumin, etc.. have all stayed very consistence, and normal , through out the last 9 months hematology wbc 10.2. range 4.0 11.0 x e9 l rbc 5.32. range 4.50 6.00 x e12 l hemoglobin 152. range 135 175 g l hematocrit 0.457. range 0.400 0.500 l l mcv 86. range 80 100 fl mch 28.6. range 27.5 33.0 pg mchc 333. range 305 360 g l rdw 13.2. range 11.5 14.5 platelet count 321. range 150 400 x e9 l differential neutrophils 7.1. range 2.0 7.5 x e9 l lymphocytes 2.0. range 1.0 3.5 x e9 l monocytes 1.0. range 0.2 1.0 x e9 l eosinophils 0.1. range 0.0 0.5 x e9 l basophils 0.0. range 0.0 0.2 x e9 l immature granulocytes 0.0. range 0.0 0.1 x e9 l nucleated rbc 0. range 100 wbc other vitamins chemicals vitamin b12 hi gt 1476. range 138 650 pmol l homocysteine 9.0. range. 5.1 15.4 umol l ferritin 70. range 22 227 ug l urinalysis chemical normal potassium 4.5. range 3.5 5.2 mmol l chloride 101. range 98 108 mmol l creatinine 79. range. 67 117 umol l glucose random 5.2. range 3.6 7.7 mmol l albumin 51. range 35 52 g l bilirubin total 6. range lt 20 umol l alkaline phosphatase 112. range. 40 129 u l https www.reddit.com u l alanine aminotransferase 16. range lt 50 u l https www.reddit.com u l magnesium 0.87. range. 0.70 1.00 mmol l creatine kinase 61. range. 44 275 u l https www.reddit.com u l non hdl cholesterol 3.13 mmol l. thyroid stimulating hormone tsh 1.05. range 0.32 4.00 miu l 8 months ago i had a viral infection which has since caused whatever chronic condition or disease i have. just want to add, my viral infection started with a bad stomach lower abdomen ache 1 2 days before the actual infection 8 months ago , and i had a rapid heart rate from right at the start of the viral infection. my symptoms are just want to start off by saying my heart rate was high right from the very start of whatever infection i got, like from day 1. tachycardia through out the day. little things make my heart race whereas before i was very fit , i wear a fit bit and my heart rate is very normal in the 60s when i am sleeping. but in the day time, when i am out, even if i am just seating my heart rate is constantly around 110 bpm. and if i have anxiety it can easily go up to 140. and if i, for example, climb the stairs or jump around a bit, my heart rate shoots up to 150, and if i go for a short jog i can't because of my heart , but in 1 minute it is nearly 180 bpm. due to how fast it beats i do not take part in any exercise. i had normal echocardiogram, and ekg.. but i did that 5 months ago. i want to point out, for some reason when i am with my family at home my heart rate is also normal if i am just seating. and it was also normal when i visited my cousins and when i was in their house, again just sitting. recently i had to attend a science lab for my university, and even though i was sitting my heart rate was consistently around 110 125. my systolic blood pressure has been evaluated since this chronic condition.. at 130 140, but my diastolic pressure has remained 80. lately, my chest feels more pressure and stress, and i think its because i put alot of strain on my heart throughout the duration of this whole thing. i visited a cardiologist 5 months ago and he said my heart everything was good. for the past few days, it feels if i breath in very deeply my heart hurts, but not really sure where the pain is coming from my only blood abnormal ity is a very high b12 at more than double the upper limit, 1476 pmol l. i have measured homocysteine just now, and it was in the normal range at 9 umol l. not really sure why my b12 is very high, as i am not taking supplements and am a vegetarian. my hands for nearly 8 months have blue veins appearing on the finger. very similar to the hand in this photo but on the finger as well https imgur.com a n5v1xjc https imgur.com a n5v1xjc . i had muscle twitching and tingling which happened alot through out the day, it has since gone down, but the tingling and twitching still happen at times. i had a normal emg. leg muscles have gotten much weaker according to my wall sit time and squatting. prior to 8 months i could easily do a wall sit for 3 minutes, now after 20 seconds my legs feel unbearably sore, and they are shaking like crazy right away when i start a wall sit. normal tests and results all this are from several months ago, except the blood results posted above, those are from today. normal tsh, blood cbc, ldh, esr, crp, protein electrophoresis, abdomen ultrasound , echocardiogram, emg test, urine analysis, ebv, bicarbonate, chloride, creatinine , ast alt, potassium. abnormal results very high blood b12 1475 pmol l range is 200 600 pmol l . slightly low iron and vitamin d. i do not take any b12 supps when it was measured high, and i am also a vegetarian. to summarize i feel i have some type of post viral autoimmune disease which causes high b12, tachycardia, anxiety, and high normal neutrophils and monocytes. but i really have no idea what it is, or if it is even an autoimmune disease, etc. thank you for taking the time to read and help me out. it is very much appreciated.
how i overcame health anxiety read this is your currently struggling so, i have been wanting to post this here but have been putting it off because this is going to be long so bare with me. if you want to know how i over came this bad disease keep reading, if your ready to recover keep reading. it all started when i was 16. nothing necessarily trigger this other then i got sick one time fever, body aches , and it had been a few years since i had a check up when my mom said you need to let me take you to the doctor for a check up because you won t know if somethings wrong of you don t . so when i got sick i decided to google it to see what was wrong, and leukemia was the first thing that popped up. my heart dropped. from that moment i was a google fanatic and thought i had every disease in the book. i suddenly started experiencing symptoms of leukemia like fatigue, and flu like symptoms. the after that i was worried i had a brain tumor. i had symptoms of that also, this was the worst one for me i think. i had a buzzing noise in my ear from time to time, blurred vision, fuzzy peripheral vision, headaches, pressure on the top of my head, slurred speech sometimes, nausea at time, etc. it was horrible. the symptoms were real. i was checked multiple times and i got a clean bill of health. then i worried about skin cancer. i seen a dermatologist who confirmed i do not have skin cancer. i then found what i thought to be a lump in my abdomen and seen a doctor who said it s nothing but she ordered a ct with contrast to shut me up. that was clear as well but did say i had a very slightly enlarged spleen which could have been caused by mono when i was younger. i had many blood panels, ekgs, echocardiograms, ct scans, x rays, urine tests, i saw a chiropractor, a dermatologist, and many mds before i finally decided to accept that this was a mental issue and i m not ill. it took me 5 long frustrating, scary, years before i agreed i had an issue with worrying over my health for no good reason. i seen two counselors and they helped, but i knew the change had to be within me! i finally accepted the facts. google is not the most reliable source. in fact, only 42 of the health info found on google is accurate. so your pretty much seeking reassurance from a uneducated stranger rather then just seeing your dr and trusting their diagnosis. it s hard to agree these symptoms are in your head, but they are! you can make yourself feel all sorts of crazy symptoms, so if you ve seen a doctor and you have a good report, the only thing you should be googling is health anxiety symptoms and making sure your on a reliable website, such as webmd or mayoclinic. steer clear of yahoo answers, or any of the other forums that uneducated people post on trying to give advice. in facts, steer clear of google and the web period! here s how i done it i scheduled a check up and wrote down all of my concerns. i talked to my doctor about my issues with anxiety and how bad i was making myself worry. he told me i need to stay far away from google all together and i followed his orders. i had him do a full check up, ekg, blood work, std testing, you name it just to at last, put my mind at ease. once that was over and i was confirmed healthy, i started finding stuff to do like working out, surrounding myself with friends, and i got a job! i would leave my phone in the car locked up when i went into work. for a period of time i only used my phone for calls and texts. when i did have the urge to google i d find something else to do. like go for a walk and talk to myself about all the tests i ve had. after all of these test, it would be very unlikely something so sinister would be missed! i knew it was mental so i would be easy on myself. cry if need be. but don t check for lumps, don t start letting your mind wonder, keep yourself occupied at least for the first few weeks. i would set new goals for myself like school, work, gym . find someone you trust and talk to them about your problems. like for me, it was my mother. work on improving your health. eat healthy, get enough sleep, get a good amount of exercise each week, and take a supplement. and most of all remind yourself this is a mental thing when you start to worry and immediately distract yourself. please keep in mind this is a process, it didn t get this bad over night so it will not be fixed over night, it will take time. be patient with yourself. talk to a counselor if you need to. stop posting questions looking for answers! because you won t find them here, unless your looking for ways to over come anxiety. if you believe in god, pray often. if you need medication, take it. personally i never wanted meds because i don t want to be dependent on them. but if it helps you, take it. if you need a break from work. take it. put you first. if your scared to see a doctor make the appointment and make yourself go for reassurance. remember, if god forbid something is wrong, it s better to find out and take care of it then ignore it and it get worse like, high blood pressure for instance, if you don t take meds it can potentially eventually damage arteries but it s better to fix the problem and move on then to not do anything at all. but no matter what google is not the answer. if anyone needs to talk or has questions feel free to ask me! i am pretty educated in the health field as i ve done many heard of research as well as school for registered nursing. i have family in the medical field, so if you feel you need to confide in someone done hesitate to dm me and we can work though this together, i don t want to see anyone waste years of their life like i did if i can help it! xoxo
my health anxiety story and how i am recovering hello r healthanxiety! allow me to tell you my health anxiety story and how i am beginning to recover from this psychological illness! the first precursor to my health anxiety was probably almost a year ago to the date when i felt a bump on my shoulder, which i thought was a tumor. of course, it ended up being a deeply embedded pimple or cyst and resolved on its own after i went to the doctor who said the same thing. when i went into full blown panic mode was back in april when i woke up with two puncture marks on my ankle after staying the night at a sister's house. knowing that they once had an issue with a bat in the attic, i assumed that a magical bat had made its way all the way downstairs, embedded itself in the bowels of my sister's house, and bit me on the ankle. of course, this magical bat must have had rabies too. spoiler warning, but i did not die of rabies and am not writing this as a ghost. my health anxiety probably climbed into a hysteria that consumed me last june. i was going to a university field station when i fell ill. really ill. not being able to keep down food or water for three days ill. thus, i flew home as i had missed much of the class and assumed that i was going to die and wanted to so around family. yet, again, i did not die, but the ordeal had traumatized me enough to sink into full time paranoia that i would not escape until october. except for the occasional stomach ache things were fine for a month from a physical perspective, but from a mental perspective if thinking i had terminal skin cancer from a 2mm mole was any indication i was in rough shape. in mid july, i developed the first sign of a rare birth defect that i did indeed end up having. now, before you go into a google symptom, allow me to explain what happened my belly button burst open. it was not painful as i didn't know this had occurred for an hour. it wasn't until i looked down and saw that my outie had turned into a popped inside outie. i walked to the hospital and was diagnosed with cellulitis and told to go to a follow up with the university doctors. ultrasound showed nothing. it was only after a ct scan two months later that they saw a 1 x2 x3 sinus and cyst located behind and below my belly button. the operation was a success and it was removed two months ago. i even got an innie out of the ordeal. in between july and october i had been tested for just about anything and the only thing that came up were elevated liver enzymes and a weird ass belly button. in the meantime, i had begun cbt and doubled my dosage of celexa which is now down , which helped a lot. besides teaching me mindful thinking, my therapist became a good outlet to just talk about life and my general grievances that i had been experiencing as a graduating senior from a top state university. to err on the side of caution, my pcp sent me to a liver specialist to get my liver checked out. they tested me for any liver ailment you can think of, and the only weird thing was my beta globulins ever so slightly out of range think 0.1 out of range when usually 1 or 2 out of range indicates an actual problem . wanting to be as thorough as possible, the pathologist recommended a bence jones test for leukemias myelomas, and pre leukemia. the test came back negative. specialist ruled that it was just an off result due to my immune system still recovering from surgery about two and a half weeks before and i had had no other symptoms consistently. this final test was taken after christmas break and ordered before it so despite being told i did not have a deadly illness, i stewed over it. and then, something happened. something clicked in my head. i was sick of being prodded at and tested. i looked at my medical information logs for every time i visited the doctor and whenever i was with anyone but my pcp, my blood pressure jumped thirty points and pulse went up to 90bpm over 70. living in america, i realized that doctors will never stop running medical tests unless they are sure they have ruled out a condition. they don't want to get sued and if you have the insurance or money will run a test if you are insistent enough. this all hit me in about 24 hours. i decided that should that final test come back negative that i would only go to the doctor if anything were seriously and obviously wrong or for my psychiatric check ups. i only google things five minutes a day and i do not talk to my doctors over the patient portal only at appointments. my status has improved tremendously these past two and a half weeks. i wanted to tell you guys that there is hope, and what you likely suffer from is a psychological issue. it really is. in seven months the only weird things they could find was elevated liver enzymes, likely prescription or slight fatty liver after a huge barrage of tests maybe some gallbladder sludge stone weird ass belly button thing where if you had it would be very obvious or already addressed in your childhood having it through adulthood so unlikely that they like to write case studies on it and guess what? these were and are all very treatable. i came back here to post to tell you guys that it can get better. i felt a twinge in my upper right abdomen and got a little panicked tonight but this was the first time i felt even remotely worried about something in the last two weeks. i don't know if it'll take therapy, different meds, getting sick of tests, or all three, but you can get there. don't give up.
anxie tips. or not really. just a story of my anxiety and how im not taking shit from it anymore eight years ago, i was diagnosed with chronic anxiety. that time, i shrugged it off thinking, hey, this is normal, right? everyone gets anxious sometimes. this will go away, right? wrong. here i am, eight years later, cringing at past me for even thinking that anxiety goes away like a seasonal flu. i spent some time going through therapy sessions, and while those helped, they didnt really cure me of my anxiety , because for people like me, anxiety is ever present an annoying, unwanted companion i am eternally cuffed with. i struggled battling anxiety for a long time. it was hard to be a fully functional human when every speedbump looked like a giant boulder in the middle of the road. instead of looking for ways around it, my focus was on the speedbump boulder and how impossible it was to conquer it. anxiety paralyzed me and made me feel like i was always bound to fail. the smallest tasks would sometimes trigger anxiety and panic. i would cross the road planning my funeral because what if the bus hits me? i would get invited to parties, and yes i craved to socialize, but i would bail because what if i spill the drink and make a mess of myself? public speaking was the worst subject ever, because that triggered so much what ifs. i was sweating with just the thought of mispronouncing words and forgetting my lines. there were days when i thought i was perfectly fine, then i would be attacked by constant panic and pressure that took away my ability to function, and i would shut myself in, because anxiety was crippling that way. i quit a lot of things in my life school, jobs, relationships some, i didnt even get to start, all because i worried i wasnt good enough. i was scared of taking a course i wanted because what if i couldnt find a job after i graduated? i couldnt take these programs because what if i fail them and i had to retake them? i resigned from my teaching job because i feared no one would take my subjects the following year, that i might not be a good enough instructor. i was scared to build relationships and would stop talking to people i really liked or wanted to be friends with, because what if they dont understand me? because that was what i felt, that no one understood me. i craved validation and support, but instead, some of the people i cared about left me for being over dramatic and a cry baby, only because they didnt understand what i was going through. well, same. how could i blame them when i myself couldnt understand it? after years of battling anxiety, i got fed up with it and i internally told it to fuck off. it didnt. but i knew i had to do something about it, or else, i wouldnt be able to really live. i knew that there was only so much i could do to help myself. so i did. i read self help books, which, if i would be honest, really didnt help that much because they all say the same things i already knew still good reminders, though . i started reaching out to my fellow anxious people and asked for advice, because, you know, it takes one to know one, and they were the best people to talk to if i wanted to really get myself. little by little, i gained confidence about who i was and what i was capable of. it took years and a lot of hard work, but i learned so much, and i couldnt be any more thankful to the people who helped me and made me feel a little better about myself. fast forward to a few years later. i cant say that i dont get anxious anymore. after all, anxiety is already a big chunk of who i am. maybe i just learned a few tricks to manage it somehow. or maybe it just doesnt scare me as much as it did before. the fact is, there is no one size fits all approach in managing anxiety. some people fight their anxiety. some people try to ignore it. if it works for you, then it must be for you. but if there's one thing i realized for myself, it's that fighting my anxiety is a losing battle, so i embrace it instead. i take a break. i breathe. i ground myself to my surroundings. this way, i know that i have control of the environment im in. i recognize the situation and try as much as possible to think logically. i acknowledge the facts, and while i cant really do anything about my emotions, i talk about the situation to the people who care to listen. if im alone, i express what upsets me through writing. i walk. i go for a run. not to try to escape the situation, but to shake off the excess nerves. i look back to what makes me anxious and assess what i can do about it. if i need to take a break and feel the emotions as they happen, i allow myself a few hours, or maybe a few days to let it run its course. i think to myself, it will pass. it always does. to my fellow anxious people, you got this. it is a hard road, and you may sometimes feel alone, but youre not. be kind to yourselves. if you need to cry, do it. if you need to rest, take as much break as you need. if it's too much to bear alone, seek help. to everyone else, anxiety thrives in a person's inability to take control of a situation. when someone feels lost, it is important that they feel secured, heard, and validated. this is why it is important to show kindness and compassion to everyone. disclaimer im not saying that people should ditch therapy like i did. it just didnt work for me, but im sure it helps others. please, please go continue going to therapy if you feel that it helps.
actual problems mixed with anxiety i have one legitimate issue that i will get an appointment for on monday sadly, the weekend is inbetween . my bpm, which usually is around 55 65, got higher and flip flops around a lot it is between 80 and 100 now when i am sitting or lying down and my bloodpressure similarly got a tad higher not to worrying heights, it is below 140 and, what is worrying me, flip flops around a lot when i take several measurements like going from 100 to 130 and back several times when i do not move and measure 10 times over the course of some minutes, even when i am sitting still and relaxed . this is an issue i legitimately think might have to do with my thyroids no cancer fears about the thyroids, i think it might just be hyperactive and that makes sense because i am celiac and celiacs often have other autoimmune diseases, most commonly thyroid stuff . now to what actually makes me scared and is probably nothing today, after a long time of it not happening happened a lot before my celiac diagnosis , my whole body vibrated with my pulse i could feel it everywhere, most importantly neck , my pulse was actually off too high, above 100 even when sitting, sometimes going as far as near 120 and i felt pressure in my gutts and chest. the pressure was so bad that, depending on how i moved, it felt like organs press on organs and i felt sick. my neck was not only vibrating with my pulse, it also got very tensed not some kind of stiffness that made it unable to move, but i felt like someone grabbed me just at the start of the back of my head and pressed his finger into it, shutting down the blood flow except for the very strong pulsations . i had these symptoms before more or less as i said, and i assume that it is roemheld syndrome a benign, but very scary kind of thing because i know that my heart is fine. it got very thoroughly checked back then and it was fine in the months before, i could do sports, i am not feeling weak, i am not having syncopes . roemheld syndrome means that you got so much pressure in your gutts due to air and food that it presses against your heart, chest and lungs so you experience very scary sensations, similar to angina pectoris, but it is not actually dangerous. your heart rate is increased, your chest feels tight, you might have shortness of breath, but you are going to be fine once the pressure is gone. but that can take a long time and in that time you think you will die and you need to go to the er. i had that today, the first time in almost a year and i was kinda broken that it came back. i thought i beat it, and then suddenly here i am, thinking i got a lung emboli, or my veins are shut down, or there is a tumor pressing on my heart or veins. or i got a brain aneurysm because i also felt pulsations in my head and heard noises in my air i dont think these are noises it usually makes when you got very high bp, since my bp is not actually that high and it was only one air and i got a head mrt the year before and it was fine . now, i am very sure that roemheld is what caused this, because yesterday i drank a lot of booze and cola while eating and i had a bit of pressure before that to begin with, but the reason that i am still like 'ya, gonna die' is that i lost so much weight compared to last time. i lost more than 10 kilo so there should be far more space for my innards. i am not overweight anymore. so, what my anxiety brain thinks is this back then, a tumor right behind my sternum, pressing on my heart. ofc the pressure got better when i lost weight and stuff, but now it grew enough to make up for it and it presses again against my heart and no doctor will check for that obviously the tumor is not visible via sono but needs mrt or ct and at some point it will just destroy my heart and i will die. or my neck or bones presses on important veins and i will also die because the vein will burst even tho i had an mrt of the neck for legit reasons just 2 months ago and while my neck had issues, noone said anything about veins . amp x200b i am fine now because i drank a lot of herbal tea that helps with roemheld, but i am still here thinking about tumors and also thyroid cancer. as a bonus point, i think about it even being my own fault because i might have ingested gluten accidently i probably didnt, but i live, for some time, with a non celiac so there is some chance there was contamination of my food, but he is careful and i am too, so it aint probable and the gluten made the belly angry. i really hope this was a one time thing and i am not falling back into anxiety due to roemheld, i will be extra careful about food in the next days. i will not eat today until the belly died down and sadly my eating choice are limited due to celiac in any case, not a lot of good 'get healthy' food, at least not in my flat and drink very much of the herbal tea. amp x200b when i feel better, i will do some sit ups and push ops to try to straighten out my belly and i will massage my neck as much as i can. so far i am at least not predialing the medics anymore.
the grand old duke of hypochondria, he had 10,000 symptoms, and when he was only half way dead he was suddenly fine again! ever feel like every day is an uphill struggle? you re master and commander of a rebellious army of terrible thoughts that you spend all day corralling into a manageable format only for them to break ranks out of the blue and leave you exhausted and all out of battle plans? you would concede, surrender, wave your white flag, if you could. but when you re fighting yourself, there s no one to give in to, only a brief respite of broken sleep, spinning the roulette wheel of anxiety, will you wake up tomorrow with a new symptom or be granted a brief moment of peace? you pray for the latter and prepare for the former. monday you wake up with nausea, the stomach cancer is back again. but, you also had abnormal ly painful cramps on your last period, so the logical explanation is that these symptoms are linked. the ovarian cancer from november is back and spreading, you were bloated last friday too, if all makes sense when you put the pieces together. pace the floor a little as you wait for the toaster to pop. will i make a coffee? hmm, the caffeine won t help the nausea. just stick to water and down your multivitamins, your antidepressants, the liquid iron for the self diagnosed anaemia. palms are sweating, hands are jittery, a headache is setting in. oh god, is this the blood pressure dropping or hypoglycaemia setting in? only i could contract diabetes 15 minutes after learning of my terminal cancer diagnoses. the toaster pops, makes me jump a mile, heart racing. better check my pulse... great, a heart attack induced from the stress of my diabetes and cancer double blow. dr google is ready to see you now. nausea abdominal pain search what is this, amateur hour? i ve been coming to this doctor for 15 years, i know better than to be so vague with my symptoms. better be more specific. nausea, shakiness, headache, sweating, dry mouth.... no, no no. i ll just be told it s anxiety again. far better to type in what i know it is and confirm my hunch with the list of symptoms that comes up. for the 300th time in a decade you search for heart failure, kidney infection, four different types of cancer, parkinson s, m.s, stomach ulcers, all the time internally scanning your body meticulously for developing symptoms... you re so good at this now that you can feel the tiniest disturbance in your body, a twinge in your arm, the blurry vision when you look at a particular angle in a certain direction, is that a post nasal drip coming on? and the day speeds on, leaving you in the dust, an exhausted heap of worry and fear. the hours pass, commitments left to the wayside as you forge on in the pursuit of truth about your terminal condition. you re grumpy, snappy, why are people trying to talk to you when you are clearly on the cusp of finding out without doubt you have 6 days left to live? typing away on your phone or laptop, a partner or a parent curiously asking what you are up to are you on facebook, honey? you are short with them, you re busy. weighing up whether to tell them the truth, you re dying again, knowing you will be met with rolling eyes or a speech about how you re fine, to stop worrying. so instead you keep quiet, they think you re in another mood, you re always so moody. the night draws in and you re done. you ve scoured the forums, the articles, the youtube videos. you still feel like crap, noticing you ve a sore throat and swollen glands. great, hiv too. until, just before bed you do what you always do. find the others like you, wrap yourself in the thin fraying blanket of comfort that comes when you accept there are others all over the world who are dying today, who receive new terminal diagnoses every other week, those poor souls who receive crushing news of an incurable illness like most people receive spam email. health anxiety. a seemingly uninstallable app rooted in your brain with new and exciting updates every day. your foe, your enemy, your captor. tuesday and wednesday go off without a hitch, you have no symptoms, you re healthy for a couple days. wednesday you caught norovirus from that person on the bus. thursday it was gone but you woke up with leukemia, how you managed to trudge into work after that blow was a miracle. friday you were cured, saturday the pinnacle of health, sunday the cancer was back. and so the cycle continues. held captor to a cruel brain one with a tumour in it that is so over sensitive to every bodily function, every twinge, that in its effort to inform your of your terrible illness, it s slowly killing your soul day after day. there s hope for us yet. once i went a whole month without silently battling a terrible incurable disease. one day that will be a couple months, then a year, and i ll live like all the normal healthy people all around me. one day.
the grand old duke of hypochondria, he had 10,000 symptoms, and when he was only half way dead he was suddenly fine again! ever feel like every day is an uphill struggle? you re master and commander of a rebellious army of terrible thoughts that you spend all day corralling into a manageable format only for them to break ranks out of the blue and leave you exhausted and all out of battle plans? you would concede, surrender, wave your white flag, if you could. but when you re fighting yourself, there s no one to give in to, only a brief respite of broken sleep, spinning the roulette wheel of anxiety, will you wake up tomorrow with a new symptom or be granted a brief moment of peace? you pray for the latter and prepare for the former. monday you wake up with nausea, the stomach cancer is back again. but, you also had abnormally painful cramps on your last period, so the logical explanation is that these symptoms are linked. the ovarian cancer from november is back and spreading, you were bloated last friday too, if all makes sense when you put the pieces together. pace the floor a little as you wait for the toaster to pop. will i make a coffee? hmm, the caffeine won t help the nausea. just stick to water and down your multivitamins, your antidepressants, the liquid iron for the self diagnosed anaemia. palms are sweating, hands are jittery, a headache is setting in. oh god, is this the blood pressure dropping or hypoglycaemia setting in? only i could contract diabetes 15 minutes after learning of my terminal cancer diagnoses. the toaster pops, makes me jump a mile, heart racing. better check my pulse... great, a heart attack induced from the stress of my diabetes and cancer double blow. dr google is ready to see you now. nausea abdominal pain search what is this, amateur hour? i ve been coming to this doctor for 15 years, i know better than to be so vague with my symptoms. better be more specific. nausea, shakiness, headache, sweating, dry mouth.... no, no no. i ll just be told it s anxiety again. far better to type in what i know it is and confirm my hunch with the list of symptoms that comes up. for the 300th time in a decade you search for heart failure, kidney infection, four different types of cancer, parkinson s, m.s, stomach ulcers, all the time internally scanning your body meticulously for developing symptoms... you re so good at this now that you can feel the tiniest disturbance in your body, a twinge in your arm, the blurry vision when you look at a particular angle in a certain direction, is that a post nasal drip coming on? and the day speeds on, leaving you in the dust, an exhausted heap of worry and fear. the hours pass, commitments left to the wayside as you forge on in the pursuit of truth about your terminal condition. you re grumpy, snappy, why are people trying to talk to you when you are clearly on the cusp of finding out without doubt you have 6 days left to live? typing away on your phone or laptop, a partner or a parent curiously asking what you are up to are you on facebook, honey? you are short with them, you re busy. weighing up whether to tell them the truth, you re dying again, knowing you will be met with rolling eyes or a speech about how you re fine, to stop worrying. so instead you keep quiet, they think you re in another mood, you re always so moody. the night draws in and you re done. you ve scoured the forums, the articles, the youtube videos. you still feel like crap, noticing you ve a sore throat and swollen glands. great, hiv too. until, just before bed you do what you always do. find the others like you, wrap yourself in the thin fraying blanket of comfort that comes when you accept there are others all over the world who are dying today, who receive new terminal diagnoses every other week, those poor souls who receive crushing news of an incurable illness like most people receive spam email. health anxiety. a seemingly uninstallable app rooted in your brain with new and exciting updates every day. your foe, your enemy, your captor. tuesday and wednesday go off without a hitch, you have no symptoms, you re healthy for a couple days. wednesday you caught norovirus from that person on the bus. thursday it was gone but you woke up with leukemia, how you managed to trudge into work after that blow was a miracle. friday you were cured, saturday the pinnacle of health, sunday the cancer was back. and so the cycle continues. held captor to a cruel brain one with a tumour in it that is so over sensitive to every bodily function, every twinge, that in its effort to inform your of your terrible illness, it s slowly killing your soul day after day. there s hope for us yet. once i went a whole month without silently battling a terrible incurable disease. one day that will be a couple months, then a year, and i ll live like all the normal healthy people all around me. one day.
constant anxiety and have lost feelings for partner? okay so there's a lot for me to go through here, and i have to apologise as it is hard for me to explain things as it's hard for me to even understand what's going on in my brain! i've been with my partner now coming up to 2 years in may, wonderful healthy relationship where there are no issues whatsoever, i'll preface this by saying i have struggled with mental health on and off throughout my life, mainly being anxiety so i have been on fluoxetine anti depressants for the last 2 years, this has been great for me and has helped me to regulate my emotions and feelings quite well and to what i believe has helped my relationship with my partner to flourish and i have felt genuinely happy. anyway, cutting to now... since the very very start of the year, just after new years... obviously i noticed a lot of anxiety... although it may of been creeping in a few weeks before, it was as though now i felt it full blast, and my inner voice kept telling me that my boyfriend was interested in someone else, and i was then getting strong feelings of them cheating although there was no indication of this, i think on new years eve i had noticed my boyfriend getting on well with his mates and watching one of his friends who is a girl sing he's a musician and i know the following sounds daft, believe me so the next day i kept getting intrusive thoughts of that moment and feeling very sensitive around it, as i'm quite insecure and never sing and i know my boyfriend would love it if i came out my shell more in that way although he's always telling me how perfect i am it kept going through my mind that he should be with someone like that... fast forward a few days, i'm still feeling very on edge and feel incredibly anxious when my boyfriend isn't really showing me that much affection, or is in his room for long periods of time... i get very panicky and can't seem to calm myself until i go upstairs to see what he's up to, if he's just sat there on his phone with his door shut i assume that he's not wanting to be with me even though i think having our own space is healthy and have never had an issue with it before after seeing him just sat there i'll get incredibly upset and more anxious and feel very emotional, may even start crying and it's difficult to stop, i suddenly view my boyfriend very differently? i'll also mention now that i was never like this at any other point of our relationship, i just started feeling this intense anxiety since new years, also i'll mention that i'm a very sensitive person and feel as though i pick up on other peoples emotions very easily and that i do that a lot with my boyfriend if he is feeling down about himself etc, i also feel these emotions. as the days went on i stopped getting these anxious feelings when he wasn't always around, but still felt bad anxiety and feeling depression creeping in, as the days progressed i noticed myself becoming more sensitive to things and even hyperaware? think that's the word which would cause more anxiety for me, my boyfriend may say something and i would take it in a negative way and feel offended by it and it would cause a lot of hurt and then anxiety is even worse... i would have a lot of moments of just emotional outbursts of crying and finding it difficult to stop just feeling very overwhelmed and so uncomfortable in how i'm feeling, even gagging from what felt like stress and not being able to eat i'm feeling this pretty much everyday the past month and a bit i've been having internal thoughts such as i don't love you and other horrible things directed at my boyfriend which cause me so much anxiety and even more stress as i try to convince myself they are just thoughts and not real, having suddenly no feelings towards him? getting irritated at little things but still feeling intensely sad over the thought of him with someone else, this person is perfect in my eyes and i love all the things about them that are considered imperfections, where have my feelings gone? it's been over a month and i'm scared they won't return because i know this relationship when i'm not feeling this way, is so good for me and has been the best thing for my life. i'll quickly mention that i'm 23 now and had a relationship when i was 14 that brought a lot of the very same feelings up but this happened very early on in the relationship a month or so with much breaking up and getting back together due to my anxiety and depression. i'm sorry for the essay but it's really hard to fit everything in, but this is just the summary of it... please can i get real responses with this, i really want to make this relationship work and stop this anxiety and emotional stress and be able to feel these feelings again for my partner... i'd hate to think that it's over now.
either i'm a hypochondriac or i'm on my way to being a statistic unbiased advice needed content warning for some gross er medical stuff i guess amp x200b so, i'm here because i can't honestly tell if the situation im in is entirely in my head. short background, in august 2018 .i had some fatigue, joint pain, intestinal issues and i had missed my period 2 months straight so i went to the dr and after bloodwork they determined i had hyperthyroidism and a positive ana. they also found my sed rate to be elevated slightly and my crp was around 7. 5 months of doctors visits, a loose diagnosis of thyroiditis after my levels went from hyper to hypo , and then normalized blood work back in normal range for thyroid and ana . i basically get a clean bill of health, all my bloodwork looks good. except my symptoms worsened. my anxiety and depression also got worse which is why im wondering if im just manifesting symptoms because of my mental health amp x200b the symptoms i had that were strongly associated with thyroid have mostly gone away except for the fatigue, but now new stuff is popping up. for the past month i've been having period problems, abdominal pain and gastro problems. i had a normal period in the last week of december, but then 2 weeks later i had 6 days straight of weird heavy spotting. throughout this time technically since august actually i was having diarrhea every morning without fail, and intermittent constipation. it came with abdominal cramping and severe nausea that goes away after i use the bathroom. i also completely lost my appetite and was having really strong nausea almost daily. i had stretches of days where i just couldn't bring myself to eat despite being super hungry, it just made my stomach turn. despite eating less than i usually do, and the fact that i usually lose weight really fast when restricting calories, i've been gaining weight and my stomach has grown so big i can barely fit into my pants. shortness of breath has become a weird problem too. idk if its related. ive always been bad at breathing but i get winded getting off the bed to use the bathroom. laying down on my back makes me feel like i cant breath too. yesterday i went to the er because since about 1 12 i've been getting really intense sharp twisting pain in my lower left and lower right abdomen as well as a general dull ache right above my groin. the stabbing comes and goes, sometimes there will be 1 2 min stretches where it is extremely painful waves of stabbing pain but then i wont feel it for another few hours. i recently looked down and realized the left side of my stomach is bulging out a little farther than the right side. its hard to tell, as i have a softer stomach anyway. i was supposed to get my period on 1 25 i believe, but instead i had spotting the whole week and then on 1 28 during one of my classes i got horrific lower back pain and strong cramps. i had severe nausea and the pain was so bad i nearly cried. and yet, still only occasional light spotting. this is highly unusual for me as i usually have very light and painless periods with only moderate cramping exactly when i start bleeding. i took tons of painkillers and fell asleep but woke up in just as much pain and still hadnt started bleeding. so i went to the er the next morning they did an internal ultrasound, bloodwork and a urine test. the blood and urine came back mostly fine. they confirmed that my thyroid levels were normal, and my liver and kidneys are in good order. lymphocytes are a bit low, globulin a bit high, and in the urine test they picked up some protein and blood but they assumed that was from traces of the spotting i was experiencing. the ultrasound found that my ovaries and uterus look unremarkable . there were small follicles present, as well as evidence that a cyst may have ruptured on the right ovary and there was a small amount of free floating fluid. shortly before i left, i started bleeding normally as well. i was surprised honestly. looking down and seeing how bloated i am and feeling the immense pain on my left all the time, i really expected them to find something. amp x200b i'm still in immense pain and i'm confused. this all set off alarm bells in my head. i tried to brush it off for a long time but the pain just got worse and worse. i'm gonna obviously wait out my period and see if the pain persists after. i have a ct scan scheduled ordered by the dr on my campus, i had gone to her about the pain a few weeks before the er thing happened for feb 9th but it costs 3k for me.. i don't want to waste the money if i wont find anything. i can't keep wasting money on medical bills that aren't helping me literally any and all advice is welcomed, as well as similar experiences. thanks guys
i think school gave me social anxiety story is, since i was born until i was 12 i was bullied, no big deal because i am not traumatized and i am actually in good terms with my old classmates now, but, being bullied made me what people call a neet i don't mind talking to people or going outside.... well, i guess i do set some limits to myself when it comes to socializing to the point i am almost always quiet i blame the school system, at least on my country, because it's made in a way that even when i moved to the us, it just isn't easy to socialize with others because you have to be quiet or talk low, this also gave me troubles with talking low usually, it's hard for me not to, well, i scream a lot when i watch videos i am kind of crazy xd but in my comfort zone only and well, i spent most of my days on a pc watching videos and having fun my parents also just don't know how to take care of a child, you see, i got depression and maybe something else thanks to my dad, he isn't abusive, he does things for a good purpose but the way he does it made me hard to tolerate him the slightest thing, even just saying a bad joke, if it comes from him it would make me mad over the line, and i don't want to feel like that but i can't avoid it, i dunno why, it's just how he made me . i also don't find anything to do outside my house and that's why i don't even ask to get out of there adding how overprotective my parents are and when i actually do want to they just don't let me i almost never go to my friends houses, i had a friend who didn't care when i went but hey, after 2 visits i couldn't anymore because of their paranoia and being overprotective, i don't hate them for that, not even mad, i just dislike how few chances i have of doing stuff like that i think i am forgetting something.... i don't know.... i am not diagnosed with social anxiety nor seen anyone to tell me i have that, but i dunno my man, i am trying to explain my story but it's so badly structured that i just want to get to the point, i am a neet and i am used to live on the internet just chatting with people through text messages but today, i tried vrchat and i just.... couldn't talk, i wanted to, but i couldn't, most of the times i just think my voice isn't right for my words and a lot of times, i just don't know, i can't, maybe i feel insecure? i just wonder if there's a way to fix this.... i don't think it's deep i don't feel pretty good now, i was getting too bored in the game and i got tired of not doing a thing in vrchat, my plan was to be a silent person and interact with people but it's hard without vr, and it still gave me the chills to interact with them. i am frustrated because my voice... it isn't bad, but i can't think of a avatar who would fit it, my own appearance doesn't fit with my voice, and even though i know many people have appearances that don't fit their voices my words, my words are just what can't get out, by just thinking how it will sound or saying it to listen to it this is annoying, i don't really hate my life, i had fun when i was 10 and didn't have any friends, just spent the whole time watching videos and playing game, and i still had fun when i got friends on the internet or people to talk to ironically, people ruined that fun a little bit xd at the price of making it more fun i am having fun now but now, well, i just handled depression i guess, but talking to people is still something hard to do for me, at least i got friends in my school, but i am still just too quiet and i am annoyed by that, i also find it almost impossible to start conversations, or just impossible but, without speaking.... meh, it feels like there's no risk, i dunno, when i type i don't think i could mess up, not because of my voice, but it's still pretty hard, but i think that's how it is usually, hard i wanna add that my family aren't something i can call friends or people to talk to, they have a lot of issues that are responsible for who i am now, i also almost never talk to them, specially when i just think there's nothing to talk about with most people actually, but there's a fewer amount of topics with them and well, that's my thing, i just want to know if there's something i can do, sorry for wasting your time, this is a mess, i don't normal ly make such a mess when i type stuff but this is one of the things i found the hardest to talk about not emotionally , i usually make a mess when i find things hard to explain or to type, but this one is just the worst xd oh well at least i am not always like this, there are times where i just have energy
breaking up with boyfriend of two years because of my anxiety i 25f have been dating my boyfriend 33m for two years now. we haven t really had any problems until my anxiety started worsening about 4 months ago. i ve had anxiety and depression since middle school and was officially diagnosed with adhd in january. my anxiety and depression have been at a low for a few years now, which i definitely took for granted. i m on a couple different antidepressants and got them to a good level. about 4 months ago, my anxiety started worsening for no discernible reason. okay, great, i m working with my therapist on it and talking to my psychiatrist about it, but my overall mental health is still going downhill. my boyfriend, luckily for him, has never struggled with mental health and has no idea how to relate to me or support me. i ve been working really hard to communicate with him about how i m feeling and what i need, but he really just ignores it. for example, in january we were out of the country for my work and planned on staying a couple extra nights to make a vacation out of it. traveling generally heightens my anxiety, especially international travel. a lot of little things happened including a couple small actions he made one day that led to an anxiety attack, and he basically ignored the fact that it was happening. a couple hours after i came down from the attack and i had taken a cold shower and eaten a little bit, i talked to him about it a bit. i said you can correct me if i m wrong, but it seems like you don t know how to respond or support me when i m having really bad anxiety moments like this, he said yeah that s true, so i asked if it would be helpful if i told him a couple things that help when i m really struggling. he agreed, so i said a few things like getting me some cold water, giving me a hug holding me, taking a walk with me if that s an available option, things like that. he said he could work with that. over the past two or so months since then, i ve had a few anxiety attacks similar to the one i had in january, and every time he basically ignores my anxiety. i ve repeated my request a couple times, but it doesn t make any difference. there are a lot of other similar issues that have been going on as well. over the weekend, we had a very short conversation probably 5 minutes max and half of it was silence because neither of us knew what to say. none of this is necessarily in order, i really don t remember the order because it was really emotionally charged and kind of upsetting. i said i wanted to try to make it work. i asked him if he wanted to try to make it work, and his response was i want you to be happy, and i don t want to be taking that from you whether it s because i m not putting the effort in or unable to support you, or something else. which didn t actually answer my question i guess it did in a roundabout way, though . i also asked if he still loved me, and he paused for what felt like forever before saying yes. i ve spent more time crying in the past two weeks than i have my entire life before this. i ve been thinking about our relationship a lot over the past couple months. he s not a very talkative person in general. if there s an issue, he ignores it completely or makes passive remarks and doesn t actually bring it up. i feel like not only am i the only one that tries to open communication lines, but that i m not getting my needs met also. i ve talked to my therapist about it a bunch, and i think i ve pretty much made my decision i m going to break up with him and work on my mental health. it feels terrible sitting on this, knowing the relationship is coming to an end. i have some major events coming up at work this week including a 4 day long audit that i m in charge of so i m basically trying to balance holding off for as long as possible i.e. the end of the week and being anxious and miserable about it and having that hard conversation now and being a different kind of upset and not able to focus at work. either way, i m not going to be able to be completely mentally present at work, i m just trying to figure out what would be best for me and also respectful to my partner. i m struggling with feeling like i m broken and impossible to love because of my anxiety. i know that s not actually the case, but it sure feels that way. anyway, thank you for listening. all my family lives out of state and i only have a couple friends, none of which i really talk about deep stuff like this with. i just want a hug. i apologize for the long post, i just wanted to get it off my chest.
my workplace makes me anxious so i m not too sure if this is the correct place to post this or get advice, but i d just like to hear what people have to say about it. i ve been working at my engineering job for 4 years now. it s a decent job with very good pay and decent hours that work for me. but for the same amount of time it has been the main source of my anxiety. it s quite a tricky job with a lot of learning involved, and it s taken me a long time to get to grips with. i ve made a lot of mistakes in the process and with some parts of the job i still feel anxious about what i ll have to do or about making mistakes while doing those things. the main thing however is the environment, and one particular person in it. we ll call him bob say hello bob . he used to be my team leader, but stepped back from that role to become team engineer still a somewhat ranked role in itself but more technical and is one of the most experienced and gifted guys at the place, having been there for decades at this point. let me preface by saying a good chunk of the time this guy is ok. however, bob is very hotheaded and temperamental, and can be passive aggressive, will openly berate people for innocent mistakes and will make jokes about co workers and their abilities performance that often seem to have a hint too much opinion behind them often to the point where you re not sure when he s joking and when he isn t . he takes his job very very seriously, often to the point of some sort of corporate stockholm syndrome devotion that may be an exaggeration but you get what i mean . as an example, he s gone off on one at me before for not working much overtime and he has commitment and that s why he does loads implying i don t pull my weight by not working weekends etc . his whole demeanour makes me extremely uncomfortable and feel intimidated, because i don t know when he s gonna be in one of his bad moods or take issue with something. it s been joked about before whether we re gonna get jekyll or hyde today. about 2 months ago he openly berated near shouting in front of the whole team and my manager for misplacing a tool during an audit which i understand is a bit negligent, but i did find it quickly afterwards , it was embarrassing and made me feel small, especially since that could ve been handled in a far more professional manner. the other day, he made a comment about my rate of work, rhetorically asking jokingly why i can only do 1 of something while he can do a lot more in the same amount of time. funnily enough he s done that multiple times in the past and it never fails to make me feel heightened and worthless. i get that i m a slow worker and not the most skilled, but he makes it out as if i m lazy and not bothered about my job i am very much the opposite. i just have less experience and work at a slower pace than most because i worry so much about getting things wrong. i just don t find bob very approachable and that makes it even more difficult because he s our team engineer, which means sometimes i have to ask him questions. but it s been very often that he s responded to questions as if they re stupid or something i should ve known already. what doesn t help is that for the longest time the team has enabled his behaviour, saying to me don t take it personally, it s just the way he is . even recently when another team member was talking to me like crap and i spoke to my manager about it after finally having enough, i mentioned bob and while he spoke to the other person and she hasn t bothered me since, he said he wasn t gonna talk to bob at this time because it requires a far more delicate approach . from what i understand bob has his own issues, one of them being bad anxiety but it seems like he s dealing with it in very unhealthy ways. at this point, i m just not sure what to do. i don t feel like i can ask my manager to do something about it because of his bob might react or what he might do. it s not like the company would do anything anyway because he s so good at his job and does a hell of a lot. i could move teams, where the work would be more challenging so i could be maliki life harder for myself. but if i stay i have to stay in an environment that makes me constantly anxious and seriously affects my mental health, to the point where just leaving my job has crossed my mind in moments of madness. any advice or ways to maybe cope with this would be really welcomed. tl dr my job and a person there make me incredibly anxious, and i don t know what to anymore.
anxiety seriously holding me back. any insight is greatly appreciated. hi everyone, this is my first time posting on here and this may turn out to be an essay but please bear with me and read to the end. i promise to make this as concise as possible. i'm in my late 20's male and have had anxiety since the beginning of high school. it felt super overwhelming back then and high school could have been an amazing experience had anxiety not gotten in the way. i went to university fairly late and after graduating kept landing contract work, and eventually got stuck working at the same grocery store i applied to as an undergrad. the anxiety carried over into the workplace and resulted in my inability to work at a fast pace. i always felt mentally and physically exhausted. this is where i have to mention alcohol and caffeine, both of which produce superhuman like effects but with a caveat i tried alcohol for the first time in montreal at the age of 18 and after downing 2 beers it felt like i had ingested an elixir. my worries went away instantly, and felt my brain firing on all cylinders. there were 0 negative emotions, and a profound combination of confidence, energy, euphoria, and heightened creativity. i never got addicted to drinking for obvious reasons , and only drink on occasion, but every time i do, it produces the same effects. i also never get drunk. coffee seems to produce eerily similar effects and i realized this a few years ago after i had a coffee at work and felt like i had snorted crack. i thought i could take on the world, and was super excited that i had finally found a solution to my problem. unfortunately however, if i have coffee everyday for 4 days straight, by the 4th day it produces the exact opposite effects and i'm left feeling sleepy and lethargic. for me to feel the full effects of coffee, i need to refrain from it for at least 7 days. fast forward to today where i recently started working construction as a sprinkler fitter pipefitter and absolutely hate it. apart from being a fast paced environment, i'm asthmatic with an allergy to dust and constantly drilling holes into a concrete ceiling has made my asthma worse, plus the cement we use to glue the plastic leaves me with a pounding headache during and after work, so i know my days are numbered. the company that i'm employed with is currently waiting on a new project so i've had the last 7 days off during this time i've begun doing research on career alternatives and have become very interested in the online world and have decided to upgrade my skills in e commerce, digital marketing, and video editing among other things . my morning routine involves getting up at 8 o'clock feeling tired , having breakfast, followed by tea with milk which produces similar effects to coffee with much less intensity . after having tea, my anxiety goes away and i become very focused however, when the caffeine wears off, my anxiety returns and i go back to feeling mentally exhausted constant worrying, overthinking, fear of failure, lack of motivation etc. as far as i know, i'm not depressed, nor do i have low self esteem. i feel good about the way i look and the shape i'm in. going to the gym helps. i don't have any bad habits. i don't smoke, nor do i indulge in social media looking for a dopamine fix. most of my free time is spent reading online and on youtube searching educational videos. i also get 7 to 8 hours of sleep every night but usually wake up tired. the only complaint i have with life is my anxiety. without it i have a powerful personality and i feel like i'm capable of achieving so much but it's causing me to operate at only 50 of my full potential. i was wondering if anyone is able to offer any insight as to why alcohol and caffeine produce such similar effects, practically eliminating my anxiety before the effects wear off, and if anyone has had similar experiences? could alcohol and caffeine contain something which i might be deficient in? could i get this in a pill form? i was thinking of making an appointment with my family doctor but just thought i'd reach out here to see what the members here have to add. i'm open to the idea of trying antidepressants but at the same time worried about the side effects. do antidepressants really only cause side effects in the first couple of weeks? based on some of my research, that seems to be the case. apologies for the long post and i would greatly appreciate any input. thanks.
a story about my anxiety in the recent past, and issues i'm facing today a little long as my title says, i've been having an intense battle with anxiety lately. i have anxiety and depression that i was treating with zoloft until the end of last february. i am a 21 year old male that lives in the midwest. 1. last year around mid june of last year, i had started to get some insomnia the kind that wakes you up early , which i then blamed on the fact that my basement room is incomplete and family upstairs made a lot of noise. i also had brain fog, with all the complications that accompany it, which i had blamed on my lack of sleep. it sucked, but i decided i should wait for my mind to improve on their own. during this time, i had a slight, but long lasting, bit of anxiety about something unrelated. during this time, i decided to drink 30ml of zzzquil before bed in order to help me go to sleep quicker, and i would sometimes take a sip of it if i had woken up too early. 2. a few months ago i lived with everything until mid december, in which i started to have pain in my testicles and prostate, as well as my upper back and in random parts of my body. long story short, i started to get intense anxiety about possible cancer. in order to slightly control it, i stopped drinking coffee every day and quit smoking weed once a week. eventually, i had an ultrasound and a ct scan done, which found nothing. the symptoms associated with my lower region faded a couple of days after. at some point along the way, i started having more symptoms, such as forgetfulness, possible confusion, numbness and tingling in my hands and feet, a feeling of dizziness or vertigo, a slight shaky feeling in my upper left arm, and what i can only describe as brain zaps. i also felt like my memory was getting a lot worse. these symptoms seemed to persist even on days when the anxiety seemed less bad. i made the mistake of googling my symptoms and good old brain cancer showed up. i pushed my doctor to give me an mri, which later turned up nothing. 3. a few days ago over the time after i got the mri results back, the anxiety seemed to come down from a constant 5 8 to a 2 3 on a scale from 0 10 , and while a couple of symptoms seemed to disappear over the next week and a half, i started to get new ones, such as random twitches and fasciculations in random, varying parts of my body which i blamed on drinking coffee again and trouble going to sleep getting woken up in the middle of the night which i blamed on weaning myself off of the zzzquil i had mentioned before . when i started to go to sleep or wake up, i would also have thoughts that would make no sense. i still have these symptoms today, which is my motivation for writing this post. i confess i still worried about things like spinal cancer and whether or not anything was actually wrong with me aside from the anxiety , so i made the same mistake of googling again last wednesday. this time, i came across brain prion diseases, specifically vcjd, which threw me in to another state of panic and anxiety, possibly even greater than the last couple. 4. today and the future this time, i'm worried that it might be the real deal, despite the hilariously low odds i have of actually having it. the worst part is, rationally i know i probably don't have what i'm so scared of. luckily i had a doctor's appointment the next day after my latest googling mistake, and they set me up with a sort of behavioral counselor, as well as having me start on a different antidepressant. i guess what i'm seeking by writing this post is reassurance that i won't be a clinically insane mess of a human due to some brain issue in 6 months. i'm constantly auditing my environment, past experiences, and my own thoughts in order to make sure i'm not hallucinating or something like when i woke up around a week ago in the middle of the night to the smell of something burning, which could have just been my heater i just feel skeptical sometimes that all of the symptoms i'm feeling or have felt can be due to solely anxiety, when it's never been this bad before. the past few months have made me mentally tired, due to having to put up with the stress of daily life in addition to everything above. the insomnia and the anxiety have definitely taken a toll on me. i just hope it actually is just anxiety and nothing serious.
4 years ago i wasnt showering for months at a time, depressed, anxious and paranoid. at the time i was sober going on 18, 19 years. i was, and am on disability since 09' for schizoaffective bipolar type disorder. for the longest time, especially since sobriety, i've been overwhelmed with thinking. space, time, behavior, tornadoes...whatever. but, since my life was an unmanaged train wreck i had no confidence in myself as having any quality. it seems that feeling good about yourself comes from a well managed life. my last job was as a janitor on the army base near by roughly 5 years ago. i couldnt handle the pressure. i was so dependant on others for everything i was asking if i was sweeping properly. very bad mindset. a lady mentioned crying and it made me feel like crying. i didnt understand how that could be. it seemed like witchcraft, so to speak. that was my last day at my last job. it was my 4th attempt to go back to work since my disability badge acquisition! i've been in therapy for 16 or 17 years ago i got into therapy from a mental health episode. during that visit at the crisis stabilisation unit in virginia fredricksburg i met a man that changed my life. he went by the name bose uncle. he taught me a breathing exercise. 3 in 6 out. you breath in deep for 3 seconds roughly then out for 6 seconds. also roughly. dont try to be specific like me and do it exactly 3 and 6. on down the road, life and me under pressure and practicing my breathing because sufferage bleep blop bloop, pandemic. overwhelming, unadulteraded pain in the brain from an anxiety i'd never expierenced before i saw a vision. it seemed to be the exact same thing that happened to bill wilson from aa. a wind blew through me. his words. my words on it are, i was no longer a bound up point in time and space holding on to the memories from the stimulation from the moment. i was free from the tension that came about from the fucking utter bullshit that exists. i let it go. the moment. i stopped holding and figuring. amp x200b it was like my being afraid got wore out. i remember specifiaclly saying to myself at the height of my pain in a ridgid bodily posture laying in my recline, bullshit. i calle dbullshit on my old beliefs. that old fire and brimstone god. intstead i chose my concept of life as my god. my ideas are good to. changed life. about six months later i nearly died from pancreatitis. when i got home from 6 days in the hospital i shared it on facebook. i received a good number of get well soon messages as expected. i did not get what i thought i would. people coming to visit, bringing me food...all that. i nearly fucking died. i know hundreds of people. what does that mean? my perception is fucked up, my beghhvior is fucked up, i need to change. i did not think that way at first. at first i thought, i fucking hate everyone. for a while. then 6 months later, i got diagnosed with autism. april 24th 2021. 6 months later after learning to relax, i rested on my heels for the first time in my life. this began the second chapter of my life. the taking my time portion. the i am the most impotant person in my life to me. you all come second. for ever. i no longer run to the kitchen, the bathroom, through the grocery store, drive fast, or move my limbs fast. i have even taken control of my eyes speed of movement. did you know that your body can control your mind. if you dont control your body your body will be controlled by your environment throught the mind. you receive stimulus simply due to being a sensing being. this moves you. if you are not aware of it. make yourself aware of this and take control of your body, the way you look, smell, move behavior speed amplitude of voice ...total bodily control and you can eliminate a great deal of your own suffering. i havew come off my depression meds and greatfully have finally been more aptly medicated with litium. now i dont have to force myself into slow mo behavior but i do stay aware i think from a bit of fear. you can control your thinking! you can control your thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! amp x200b i wish i could impress upon whomever needs it that the pause in conversation is ok. moving the body oddly slow is not odd. not speaking is an answer. and, you dont owe a motherfucker a goddamn thing if it stresses you out. peace in east!
my silly panic attack last night i'm sharing this panic attack story because i feel it represents health anxiety and might help you all to cope with physical symptoms. this might be a little long. i had had a stressful day at work and had also done an anxiety no no and googled my irregular period symptoms i have been having recently. needless to say this all made me panicky by the evening. when i got home i vented to my husband, smoked some high cbd low thc cannabis and worked out for an hour hoping that would calm me. it worked for the most part until bedtime. i was laying in bed surfing the interwebs before i fell asleep when it happened. a weird physical sensation. felt like my throat went numb. now i had experienced this symptom before about a year ago and at that moment i had forgotten about that. a year ago i had a full neurological check up including an mri. of course all results were negative and i was fine. in the moment though i couldn't remember that. so i started to get nervous. is it a stroke or seizure? is my throat closing in anaphylactic shock? i had to check to be sure. so i shove my my finger into the back of my throat feeling around. i'm pushing in really far and playing with my uvula. i can feel everything. good okay. throat's not numb. but wait, why am i not gagging? thats weird. my finger's digging in but i'm not gagging at all. i think you all can guess what i did next, right? yup, i googled it. what came up was horrifying. the worst results i have ever seen from googling symptoms. then bam! heart starts racing, my face goes numb and i start to shake uncontrollably. i start calling my husband's name telling him i think he should call 911. luckily i recognize the shaking and racing heart as a panic attack and not a part of the symptoms mentioned on google. my husband was a champ! he got me started on deep breathing and began to comfort me. i started to calm the panic attack pretty quickly but what i saw on google still screamed in my head. i wondered if i could wait to go to urgent care in the morning or if i really should go to the er now. i always worry about the boy who cried wolf kinda symptoms. like i keep getting weird symptoms and it's always nothing but the one time i should have gone to the er i ignored it instead. i'm sure we've all been there. i explain to my husband what triggered the panic attack and he insists i'm fine. its at this point i remember i've had the numb throat feeling before and had negative mri results. but i had never stuck my finger down my throat. maybe if they had known i couldn't gag they would have done another test or know other symptoms to diagnose me. as my panic attack subsided i got up to use the bathroom. away from my husband i tried to make myself gag with my finger again. nothing. next, however, i jammed my toothbrush down my throat and gag! oh sweet relief! i can gag! turns out, after testing it out, i can't gag myself with my own finger. or at least it's really hard to. i had jumped to conclusions because, well, how often does a person try to gag themself with their finger? i think a lot of our symptoms are like this. we become so sensitized and aware of our bodies we notice things we never paid attention to before and then freak out fearing the worst, or googling it. these are really just normal body sensations that most people are able to ignore or not even feel. i should have kept the fact i had a rough day in the back of my mind and taken a minute or two after i had noticed the first symptom to see if it went away by distracting myself. and never ever ever google a symptom! never! i know we know this, and i know how hard it is not to, but don't, and don't body check your symptoms either. distract or truly objectively analyze your symptoms. more often than not they will go away or not be nearly as strong as they first felt. this was my first panic attack in over a year and i'm not letting it get me down. it has reassured me that while uncomfortable, panic attacks aren't dangerous. it also allows me to recognize my symptoms of stress leading up to an attack so next time i can perform more stringent self care before it snowballs into an attack. these moments are only making it easier for me to recover from anxiety, not making it worse. stay strong everyone!
my silly panic attack last night i'm sharing this panic attack story because i feel it represents health anxiety and might help you all to cope with physical symptoms. this might be a little long. i had had a stressful day at work and had also done an anxiety no no and googled my irregular period symptoms i have been having recently. needless to say this all made me panicky by the evening. when i got home i vented to my husband, smoked some high cbd low thc cannabis and worked out for an hour hoping that would calm me. it worked for the most part until bedtime. i was laying in bed surfing the interwebs before i fell asleep when it happened. a weird physical sensation. felt like my throat went numb. now i had experienced this symptom before about a year ago and at that moment i had forgotten about that. a year ago i had a full neurological check up including an mri. of course all results were negative and i was fine. in the moment though i couldn't remember that. so i started to get nervous. is it a stroke or seizure? is my throat closing in anaphylactic shock? i had to check to be sure. so i shove my my finger into the back of my throat feeling around. i'm pushing in really far and playing with my uvula. i can feel everything. good okay. throat's not numb. but wait, why am i not gagging? thats weird. my finger's digging in but i'm not gagging at all. i think you all can guess what i did next, right? yup, i googled it. what came up was horrifying. the worst results i have ever seen from googling symptoms. then bam! heart starts racing, my face goes numb and i start to shake uncontrollably. i start calling my husband's name telling him i think he should call 911. luckily i recognize the shaking and racing heart as a panic attack and not a part of the symptoms mentioned on google. my husband was a champ! he got me started on deep breathing and began to comfort me. i started to calm the panic attack pretty quickly but what i saw on google still screamed in my head. i wondered if i could wait to go to urgent care in the morning or if i really should go to the er now. i always worry about the boy who cried wolf kinda symptoms. like i keep getting weird symptoms and it's always nothing but the one time i should have gone to the er i ignored it instead. i'm sure we've all been there. i explain to my husband what triggered the panic attack and he insists i'm fine. its at this point i remember i've had the numb throat feeling before and had negative mri results. but i had never stuck my finger down my throat. maybe if they had known i couldn't gag they would have done another test or know other symptoms to diagnose me. as my panic attack subsided i got up to use the bathroom. away from my husband i tried to make myself gag with my finger again. nothing. next, however, i jammed my toothbrush down my throat and gag! oh sweet relief! i can gag! turns out, after testing it out, i can't gag myself with my own finger. or at least it's really hard to. i had jumped to conclusions because, well, how often does a person try to gag themself with their finger? i think a lot of our symptoms are like this. we become so sensitized and aware of our bodies we notice things we never paid attention to before and then freak out fearing the worst, or googling it. these are really just normal body sensations that most people are able to ignore or not even feel. i should have kept the fact i had a rough day in the back of my mind and taken a minute or two after i had noticed the first symptom to see if it went away by distracting myself. and never ever ever google a symptom! never! i know we know this, and i know how hard it is not to, but don't, and don't body check your symptoms either. distract or truly objectively analyze your symptoms. more often than not they will go away or not be nearly as strong as they first felt. this was my first panic attack in over a year and i'm not letting it get me down. it has reassured me that while uncomfortable, panic attacks aren't dangerous. it also allows me to recognize my symptoms of stress leading up to an attack so next time i can perform more stringent self care before it snowballs into an attack. these moments are only making it easier for me to recover from anxiety, not making it worse. stay strong everyone!
i am feeling anxious about a new coworker. tw past experience with a stalker briefly mentioned i'm sorry, but this is a long one. it's a bit of a weird story but i'm hoping that someone might be able to give me advice on what to do. just over a month ago, i female, cashier got a new coworker male, bagger at the grocery store i work at. it took a while before we had a conversation together he was helping me and asked me what kind of music i like. i was honest, and said that i like most genres and that i sometimes enjoyed listening to 20s and 30s jazz music. then he just kept talking about old music at me for the next few days and seemed to always be distracted when it came to work. i don't like to talk much while i'm working because i feel like i mess up more when i do. so i began to feel anxious about being around him since i didn't know how to tell him i didn't want the conversation to continue every time we saw each other. then, a few days ago, he randomly asked me for my number in front of a bunch of customers while we were supposed to be working. i had a bad experience the last time i gave my number out to someone the guy turned out to be a stalker who harassed me for weeks and told everyone that we were in a relationship when we weren't, wouldn't stop calling me, tried to turn me against my family, etc. and i immediately felt freaked out about why this guy would want my number when we don't know each other at all. it felt really inappropriate and unprofessional to me. i told him that we were busy and shouldn't be having that conversation right then mainly because i didn't know how to say no in the moment and that we could talk when we were done helping customers. but he continued to ask me repeatedly for throughout the next hour or so. he ended up writing his number down at some point and gave it to me, telling me when he was off that day and to immediately text him my number when he was off this is while i was talking to a customer . once we were done with all of the customers, i told him the truth that i didn't want to give him my number and how i had had bad experiences in the past that started with giving my number to a guy i barely knew. he seemed to understand and then avoided me the rest of the day. so i thought everything was going to be fine. however, the next day, i started noticing that he seemed to be getting more clingy with me. he wouldn't be focused on doing his job and would stick around me as much as possible. he has a habit of sticking to my register instead of helping other cashiers like he's supposed to he also seems to get bothered if another bagger is helping me and he tries to take over bagging for me immediately. i often notice him watching me from across the room. every conversation we have is awkward. i don't initiate them because i want him to leave me alone so i can work. when he's not talking to me, it seems like he isn't really talking to our other coworkers that much. but then, the other day, i had a bit of a scary experience. i was going on break and went to our break room. he was in there and had headphones in, so i didn't think he saw me. after a few minutes, i went to the bathroom across the hall. when i came out a few minutes later, the room was empty. i suddenly hear loud footsteps running down the hall and he barges into the room, half yelling my name just to show me a song from the 1800s for some reason. i'm worried that he might have been waiting outside the bathroom for me, which makes me kind of scared to be at work right now. i don't like being alone with him. today, i spent the majority of my breaks hiding in the bathroom, worried he might bother me if i went anywhere else. i know that the anxiety i feel isn't healthy, and i can't tell if i'm just paranoid from past experience or if there really could be a real issue here. i don't know if i should talk to him, a manager, or hr about this. i thought that maybe i should just say nothing and act less nice to him and see if he leaves me alone, but i'm worried that it could just make things worse. i could really use some advice if anyone has some. because i really can't tell if he's just trying to be friendly and doesn't realize he's making me uncomfortable or if there is something potentially more creepy going on.
ibs psoriasis my story and never would have thought what was causing it!! i want to share my story because i believe there s a lot people out there in my situation. when i was younger in high school, i would get diarrhea going to class, mostly happened in the morning. this was around the year 1999. i had psoriasis on my head for most of my life. it would get bad from time to time, but never went away. the doctor would prescribe an ointment that stunk like gasoline. i would put this on head and it felt like it was burning the skin off my skull. so i never really used it, just suffered as is. now back to the diarrhea issue. i went to the doctors and they did everything you could imagine. blood tests, stool tests, upper and lower gi s, and the good old colonoscopy! in the end the doctor said that i was a healthy young man. so he diagnosed me with ibs. once i graduated from high school it seem to simmer down to where i never really had any more symptoms. so i figured that is was over. years passed by and once in a blue moon the ibs would come back. but the psoriasis never went away. i moved forward in my career, and in my personal life. i thought that the nightmare i had when i was younger would never comeback. boy i was wrong! one day at work after having something for lunch my captain and i had just taken off we were in the air for all of ten minutes. i looked at him and said we have to go back and land! he asked what was wrong, i replied that i m going to crap my pants. so we turned the plane around and landed without incident. the next day my manager called and asked what had happened and i replied that i must have ate something i shouldn t have. months rolled by with no farther problems other then the psoriasis. i upgraded to captain and loved what i was doing. then one day, it came back only this time it didn t go away!! much worse, i started taking imodium gel caps one before the flight and as prescribed as many as i need during the flight. this was a bad idea for me, but we will come back to this so off to the doctor i went and of course started to do familiar tests. only this time after all the testing the doctor didn t just say it was ibs but it also must be in my head. now it s time to send me to a shrink. there i am, off work by this point sitting on a couch playing head games at the same time trying not to mess myself. after the third session i said it s not in my head, no way!!! my wife is going crazy by this point with me not working, so off i went with the same problems back to work. the first day i tried to do one flight. had diarrhea threes times and kept taking imodium trying to fight it. i didn t even get the engine started. i went back off work. then my wife said your going to do whatever i tell you to do now ! i was game because i just wanted this to be over. she sent me to a natural path doctor, i thought that this was going to be a joke, but played along as i m willing to do whatever by this point. this ended up being a game changer for me. i told her what was happening, and she said tell me what you eat i the run of a day . i told her and she replied that it sounds like a food intolerance, and that it s a simple blood test. i said that i already been tested, she replied that s for allergies . i agreed to the test. about three weeks later she calls me, say the results are in. i went to see her she said i had three different intolerances one was potatoes another was cane sugar with fruit, and the last most important....soy. that day i eliminated all three and within a week all my symptoms were gone including my psoriasis, even the little bumps on the back of my arms went away!! i was so happy, the only problem now is that i have to prepare all my meals and read every label of anything i want to eat. so living on the road as an airline pilot makes it tough, but i ve got it down now. soy is what was causing all my problems, and if i have it today it comes back at full fold. now remember how i said i was taking imodium gel caps, well one of the ingredients is soy. just like a car, jamming on the brakes while hitting the gas!! so i had medical problems that regular doctors couldn t find, went to a naturalpathic doctor and found out that i have a food intolerance to soy.
21m,first time here, thank you for any help given to me. hi guys never posted here before however i am in a very dark place right now with my life and don't really know how to start this but for a while now i have felt very low and have felt as if i am becoming a different person as i no longer find happiness in myself as i did before, i am a university student also working in retail as well as recently being signed to a modelling agency and i often feel as if i have to put a happy face on everyday and i am honestly tired of having to do this it is physically as well as mentally draining. this feeling came around i would say at least a year ago and i kind of thought that it would pass as everyone does go through periods in their life were they feel low however it seems to have stayed and feels like a black cloud hanging over me which feels worse some days more then others , i come from a very loving family and live with my mother and stepfather as well as my younger 3 half siblings, i am very grateful for the luxuries i have in my life however there is so much going on within me some days i often wake up feeling very down for no reason at all feeling very worthless and lonely even though my family are very supportive and caring i couldn't ask for a better family. amp x200b i believe my mental health has worsened due to finding out through family members that my biological father has been diagnosed with cancer and i guess this has made me realise that life really is so short and for some reason it has caused me to question myself asking i wonder if this is cancer causing? or what if i also get cancer one day? almost as if i have some sort of health anxiety and this is becoming an everyday moment, as a youngster my biological father was unable to be there for me and my mother due to his lack of love or care and the biggest blessing was my mother marrying again to a man who i can happily refer to as a real father, also a very close family member to me who i once spent a lot of time with has recently tried numerous times to take their own life and being so distant from them for so long has not been a good feeling and has made me feel quite lonely as i am already an individual who does not really have true friends as i struggle to trust people, there have been many times were i have been invited out by others and have had to make up excuses for reasons not to go. there have been times were i have contemplated taking my own life as the feeling of worthlessness and sadness was at its most high, this feeling is very hard to explain and i am just looking for a bit of clarity on maybe why i am feeling this way or if others have experienced something similar i really would appreciate any help at all. to individuals at work and university and others i meet i am often commented on being a very outgoing individual with a lot of confidence however deep down i often feel as if inside i am a totally different person which really does make me wonder how i became to be like this. i feel as if i lack the routine i once had in my life before and some days waking up feels as if i am just going through the motions, not long ago i would read everyday and would love to keep a journal to put my thoughts to paper, i remember heading to the gym 5 times a week running twice a week being full of energy living life to the fullest appreciating each day with those around me, where has the old me gone?. often i have been told by others i am a very good looking individual and in playful ways people have said you love yourself don't you or you are so cocky as i very much take pride in my physical appearance and enjoy doing my best to look as good as i can, the truth is recently i have been struggling everyday to keep a positive mindset and do the things i enjoy, having to put a mask on everyday is a task which i have become very familiar with i just want to know if others have felt the same and i would really appreciate any help which can be given i don't want to give up i don't want to carry on feeling this way i want the suffering to end or at least made easier. amp x200b thank you for taking the time to read this i apologise for any grammatical mistakes it is quite late in the night right now.
vent i probably got cavities from grinding my teeth for years and i'm fed up with being so anxious all the time this is my first post here, i just recently found this subreddit and it already helped me a lot just reading everyones posts. i always felt like i was completely alone in this, as my close family and friends are usually brushing me off. also i apologize in advance, i'm not a native speaker so my english might be a bit off at times. anyway, the main point of this is to just... put my feelings out there. i'd guess a few of you can relate. i hope this won't be too much, since i do tend to overshare when i'm depressed and i am depressed at the moment. i've been anxious and obsessive ever since i can remember. couple of years ago i was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and major depression, as well as bpd. two years ago i was also diagnosed with avpd and ocpd. i went through dbt two times, a third time is already scheduled. i was in therapy for over 5 years, but i have to quit. i've also been on pregabalin for two years. health anxiety started last year for me, after i had finally cut ties with an emotionally abusive friend who basically made the past four years a living hell. i don't know if that was the cause but it happened around the same time. i've always grinded my teeth at night and i was wearing a mouth guard ever since that was discovered. however recently i lost mine, as i lost my bag during traveling which has caused a lot of stress for me over the past week, as losing things is something i've always been anxious about , so the grinding has been worse. thanks to my medication i have a very dry mouth and to top that off i also currently have a very bad cold, that's already got me on edge wether i'm developing pneumonia. yesterday night was a very bad time for me. while brushing teeth my gums were bleeding a lot i have very good oral hygiene, my doctor has never had any complaints and my gums never bleed so brushed my teeth, used mouth wash and then went to sleep, trying to not go into the anxiety cycle again. after that however instead of falling asleep i spend hours googling things and being caught up in memories of said former abusive friend. i don't know where that came from, but it just overwhelmed me. today i found a tiny black spot on my teeth, that won't go away. it looks like a tiny hole. and instead of listening to what i learned in therapy i should've known better i googled again. turns out you can get cavities from grinding your teeth and wearing them down. i am fairly certain this is what's going on and i've scheduled an appointment for monday. and now i'm trying to find ways to get through the weekend without too much stress, because i'm worried that might make my cold even worse and... you all probably can guess how the cycle spirals downwards from here. the thing i wanted to say about all this is the following this sucks. majorly. i am so tired of this anxiety, this obsessive overthinking of everything my body does i'm tired of all these bad things that happened in the past still haunting me to this day. i'm tired of all the diagnosis i got it feels like there's no chance of recovery because of all the things i have to work through. and i'm also tired of being aware that stress will wear my body down but that thought alone is causing me so much stress that it's a long spiral i can't seem to escape from. this right now feels like another punishment for not getting this right. i'm trying not to be too negative, but the thoughts keep forming in my head. sometimes i just wish i could start anew because after i learned in therapy just exactly how all my problems started and how they escalated, i just wish i could redo my life and stop the anxiety before it even got this bad. i will continue to work through this. as we all do. i know that me wishing for a new start will never come to be and maybe that wouldn't even be for the best. i know i'm not and neither is anyone else here responsible for this condition. right now it just felt like the thoughts were overwhelming me and i needed to tell someone. i know this can be beat, i just feel at a low point right now. if you read this, thank you for listening to me.
think before you post why reassurance seeking might be feeding your health anxiety. hey r healthanxiety, just thought i'd make a post detailing my personal experience and knowledge about reassurance seeking and why it is self destructive. so, you're experiencing your symptom that you're increasingly more worried about. whether that be chest pains, heart palpitations, stomach problems, poop problems, any of the hundreds of symptoms any of us could possibly be worried about. you're worried about if this is the time where your worrying is justified, or if it is actually a sign of the illness you're fearing. maybe you've already been to the doctor to get checked out, but doubt their opinion. all of these have happened to me, and happen to many many other ha sufferers, which is completely okay. however , the way you deal with it is paramount to your recovery. usually, what i would do, is post here, explaining my symptoms and what i was worried it was. then i'd get some replies reassuring me and maybe feel better for a bit. or i'd ask a close friend or family member and get the same results. all of this felt like what i had to do, a huge compulsion to do this just to know that i was fine. in the short term, yes, it made me feel better but this was only short lived. this might also account for medical tests, i've spoken to many people who have previously thought that getting that mri or ct, colonoscopy or endoscopy, or whatever it might be, would make all their worries go away. which, after the short term relief, the anxiety came back. this is so important to understand and grasp to begin recovering from health anxiety i speak from experience. one of the biggest things in recovery is how you deal with these thoughts and need for reassurance. possibly even the key to fixing your health anxiety. so, if you don't seek that reassurance, what's going to happen? for me, at first, it was unbareable anxiety, and just an extreme desire to check i was okay, whether that was through posting to the subreddit, the discord, asking family, checking my body for lumps, checking my lymph nodes etc. you'll most likely experience increased anxiety whilst not seeking the reassurance you want, which is completely okay. rather than seeking reassurance, do something mindful, something genuinely healthy for the mind. as, when in a very high anxiety situation, sometimes it's the things that you do during that time that really define how your mental wellbeing will go in the future. you can do many things, for me, it was taking myself away from what i was doing and spending 10 minutes trying to immerse or distract myself within something else, not an easy task by any means, but something to try. after the 10 minutes was up i would come back to what i was doing and try to revert my thoughts away from my worry, which most times the anxiety had passed and i didn't need to seek further reassurance. you could possibly try meditation, though, if you don't regularly practice it, it'll be very difficult to do under high anxiety levels. you could try relaxing music, your favourite food, anything else that enhances your mood, whatever works for you. during this time, you will experience anxiety, potentially more during that time of not seeking the reassurance, but i promise you, in the long run it is going to do wonderful things compared to getting the reassurance and feeding the problem. when you seek reassurance, you're reinforcing the behaviours which keep your health anxiety alive unfortunately, because usually it feels like the right thing, and the only thing to do in that situation. but trust me, try not seeking it. it'll be very similar to this graph https thegirlwiththecurlyhair.co.uk wp content uploads 2015 12 anxiety repeated exposure graph.png , the more you do it the easier it'll be. and it might get to the point where the anxiety almost completely goes after a while of practicing this. seriously, it is worth definitely giving a go and thinking about this if you're currently having a lot of anxiety, i've been there hundreds of times, and applying this mentality was one of the key turning points into recovering from health anxiety.
was this sexual abuse? i m f25 not sure how to write this. i ve never put down my memories to paper let alone tell anyone. a family member would do certain things between from what little i can remember the ages of 7 15. these things made me feel uncomfortable and i asked multiple times for it to stop to no avail. i want to protect their identity so calling them x. 1. x never let me lock the bathroom door when i shower x walks right in and has conversations with me even though the shower doors are see through. this still happens now at 25yo. i used to lock the door when i was younger but x would use a coin to open the door and would leave it wide open so i just stoped locking the door and forget to every time now. 2. x have always sneaked up the stairs and burst into my room on purpose. dispute multiple times asking x to knock. if i m just out a shower and wearing a towel i ll always ask x to leave but x scoffs as if i should be less embarrassed and i m weak for being embarrassed about being naked. 3. when i was younger if i would touch myself x would take enjoyment from bursting into my room and surprising me and made me feel dirty and mentally fucked up for doing so. x would also watch through a crack in the door caught them sometimes before bursting in. 4. x would ask to see my breasts and say it was to compare mine to theirs and any time i said i didn t want to i was made to feel silly for being embarrassed like it was no big deal. 5. x used to ask me to shower with them. well over the age i needed anyone to wash my hair. still asking me at 15. x would again scoff if i said no and plead for me to join them as if i was not wanting quality time with them. 6. x flashes me still does and leaves the door to the bathroom wide open when they shower and sometimes calls me over to chat with them on purpose as if they want to see my reaction to seeing them naked. 7. x would insist on checking me down there when i was younger and would put cream on me saying there was a rash but i never saw one. i remember getting older and being adamant that i could do it myself but x got furious with me. 8. x gets into my bed without asking when i m in bed or when i m not and asks me to cuddle them in their bed and gets angry when i say no. the next two are hard for me to type i don t feel ready but this platform has been really supportive so far so here goes. for content x definitely physically abused me and still emotionally abuses me and i think they are narcissistic. 9. growing up and even sometimes now i go into a childlike mind and put on a higher pitched child like voice this cringes me so much so please don t say anything nasty about this . once when i was around 16 i was hugging x in their bed and was in this childlike state. they played into it and said aww my baby, do you want to suck milk and i for some disgusting reason that bothers me to this day i nodded and x got their breasts out and i .i can t type the rest but i don t think i need to. 10. again difficult to put down to writing. this one i don t know if it s in my head. when i was younger x would ask me to sit on their lap. i would feel or think i did them pushing up their private part on my body. i would feel uncomfortable and would sit in a different position but it would keep happening and i learnt to ignore it. sorry for the left hoy post but because this is not obvious or classic case of sexual abuse i think i m just unsure if it was. i know this person would take it very badly if they knew i was thinking this and i feel like i m betraying that persons honour or something. context been depressed since 11 12 and after experiencing panic attacks for the first time at 25 i finally told a doctor and i m on a waiting list to get help for pdsd unsure if that s what i have and i don t know if it s worth mentioning this if it s stupid or a lie or if i am even able to . i also struggle to enjoy sex unless it s bdsm i m not sure if that s related but i just feel dirty if i am wanting it.
i've been making a fool of myself for the past month this is going to be long, sorry. i just really wanted to let this all out and i figured this is the best place to do it. i've always had a little bit of health anxiety, but it typically subsided very quickly. it was never something that had an effect on my life until recently. one night in early december i was playing a video game for several hours and barely moved. eventually i had a pain shooting up my left leg and it appeared to be swollen. my mom suggested i pinched a nerve, but i just knew it was a blood clot. my symptoms were a mild pain in my leg and swelling , google told me i was about to die, and i was thoroughly convinced. a few days pass of me obsessing over this. i read about dvt for hours every single day. i'm basically an expert on it at this point. i know all about taking blood thinners and the effect it could have on your period. i was preparing myself for this life. i measured my legs to compare them many times a day. this had me believing the swelling wasn't going down. turns out the left side of me is just fatter than the other half and i never noticed it because the difference is literally less than a cm. was i ever swelling? no idea. my mom measured her own legs to show me a difference in the size of your legs was normal , which only kind of comforted me. briefly wondered if she too was dying and didn't know it. somewhere around this time i thought i had sleep apnea because one night my anxiety was so bad that i was jolting awake every time i started dozing off. this fear faded pretty quickly since my obvious blood clot was my biggest priority. after those few days passed, my anxiety finally won the battle, and i went to the er. shocking news i did not have a blood clot in my leg. i thought this confirmation would make me feel better, and it did for a few days. but my mild, barely noticeable leg pain persisted and after all my dvt research i decided i was among the extremely rare few who had an inaccurate ultrasound reading. 6 days after the first er visit, i had an excruciating muscle spasm in my leg. surely the blood clot has moved up into my thigh, i thought. this was accompanied by my lower back feeling like it was on fire and the fiery pain radiating down into my leg. my mom once again suggested a pinched nerve. i was in hysterics at this point so i ignored her and went back to the er. they did another ultrasound. it was negative. i had sciatica. started googling that to make sure it could cause the symptoms i had it can . the pain was goddamn miserable, but i wasn't going to die. you'd think at this point i'd be good, but my mind had other plans. i developed a cough. welp, the blood clot was real and must have traveled to my lungs. i'm dealing with a pulmonary embolism now and death is imminent. i believed this for a few days before finally accepting that it was fucking ridiculous. so after about 3 weeks of this hell i finally moved on from my blood clot obsession and just focused on healing the sciatica. had a nice 2 weeks or so of feeling like i was back to normal mentally, until this week. i had a pain in my lower abdomen. convinced myself it was a kidney infection. didn't start off assuming a mostly harmless uti or literally any of the many other things that could cause abdominal pain , nah, i went right for the hard hitter. this one could kill me, it's gotta be that one. i considered appendicitis too. it was constipation. i was hopeful that my life would go back to normal after the whole blood clot disaster, but now i'm worried that it was just the beginning. i knew i was being ridiculous when i diagnosed myself with a kidney infection, but there was still that voice in the back of my head saying but what if... . i was still researching, still getting worked up about it. i don't want to be like this. it's humiliating and exhausting.
having a difficult time managing my anxiety hi everyone. this will probably be quite lengthy, so i ll apologize in advance. i ve been struggling for years with health related anxiety which i managed for a long time on my own. by manage, what i really mean is just deal and push through it. i m at a point where it s more than i can handle now and it s crippling. my mother has had primary progressive multiple sclerosis for 21 years and i grew up watching her deteriorate from an independent, strong woman into someone who is now dependent on someone else for even the most basic tasks. i think this is the root of my health anxiety. i am terrified of getting ms. over the last 4 5 years i ve had varying degrees of symptoms ranging from tingling in hands and feet to constant headaches. i ve had a number of tests done which all come back either normal , or with some other explanation. the most recent being a constant left sided headache and pain in my left eye. my primary care physician ordered an mri based on my family history of ms which came back abnormal with some extremely small white spots which they were unable to make a diagnosis of. their recommendation was to see a neurologist and get a lumbar puncture. this was in november... i live in massachusetts which makes me extremely fortunate to have access to some of the best hospitals in the country. i was able to schedule an appointment with a neuro at mass general, currently 3 in the country for neurology. the doctor was extremely nice and listened to everything i had to say. he flat out said i do not think you have ms . he explained to me that ms has certain patterns that show in an mri which mine did not show. he said he believes my headaches are being caused by a combination of tension from clenching my jaw at night, which i absolutely do, and migraines with aura, which has happened twice. i asked about the lumbar puncture and he told me if i really wanted one and if it would put my mind at ease, he would gladly order one, but he felt it would come back negative. i certainly do not want to put myself through that unnecessarily and i m afraid it still wouldn t placate me. he also completed a full neurological exam, which i passed. i left there feeling pretty relieved. that lasted for about an hour. i started thinking about what if he s wrong?? he s basically just assuming this is due to headaches, but he really doesn t know for sure. i really don t know what to do at this point. my anxiety is out of control and i can t stop thinking about this. it consumes every thought of my day and it is exhausting. i hate feeling like this. i do have a np psych who i see every six months who is very nice and tries to prescribe medication for me, but i can never bring myself to take it. i read the side effects and they scare the crap out of me so much that i m too scared to take them. the only thing i will take is xanax, which usually isn t often, but lately it s been almost every day. i also see a therapist who also is very nice, but if i m being honest, isn t very helpful. whether that is my own fault, i don t know. i originally went to her because i have issues with control and wanted to try to work on that. i just don t find it to be doing anything for me though... i just wish i knew how to relax my thoughts and stop being such a worry wart. i m wound so tight i m ready to snap at any given minute. i get up every day, shower, go to work and then come home and lay in bed until i fall asleep because i m so exhausted. i don t know if i m exhausted because of my mental health, work hours, or if something is really physically wrong with me. i m honestly not even sure what i m looking for in writing this, maybe i just needed to vent. but if anyone can relate or offer any advice i would be open to hearing anything you have to say. life is so hard...
having a difficult time managing my anxiety hi everyone. this will probably be quite lengthy, so i ll apologize in advance. i ve been struggling for years with health related anxiety which i managed for a long time on my own. by manage, what i really mean is just deal and push through it. i m at a point where it s more than i can handle now and it s crippling. my mother has had primary progressive multiple sclerosis for 21 years and i grew up watching her deteriorate from an independent, strong woman into someone who is now dependent on someone else for even the most basic tasks. i think this is the root of my health anxiety. i am terrified of getting ms. over the last 4 5 years i ve had varying degrees of symptoms ranging from tingling in hands and feet to constant headaches. i ve had a number of tests done which all come back either normal, or with some other explanation. the most recent being a constant left sided headache and pain in my left eye. my primary care physician ordered an mri based on my family history of ms which came back abnormal with some extremely small white spots which they were unable to make a diagnosis of. their recommendation was to see a neurologist and get a lumbar puncture. this was in november... i live in massachusetts which makes me extremely fortunate to have access to some of the best hospitals in the country. i was able to schedule an appointment with a neuro at mass general, currently 3 in the country for neurology. the doctor was extremely nice and listened to everything i had to say. he flat out said i do not think you have ms . he explained to me that ms has certain patterns that show in an mri which mine did not show. he said he believes my headaches are being caused by a combination of tension from clenching my jaw at night, which i absolutely do, and migraines with aura, which has happened twice. i asked about the lumbar puncture and he told me if i really wanted one and if it would put my mind at ease, he would gladly order one, but he felt it would come back negative. i certainly do not want to put myself through that unnecessarily and i m afraid it still wouldn t placate me. he also completed a full neurological exam, which i passed. i left there feeling pretty relieved. that lasted for about an hour. i started thinking about what if he s wrong?? he s basically just assuming this is due to headaches, but he really doesn t know for sure. i really don t know what to do at this point. my anxiety is out of control and i can t stop thinking about this. it consumes every thought of my day and it is exhausting. i hate feeling like this. i do have a np psych who i see every six months who is very nice and tries to prescribe medication for me, but i can never bring myself to take it. i read the side effects and they scare the crap out of me so much that i m too scared to take them. the only thing i will take is xanax, which usually isn t often, but lately it s been almost every day. i also see a therapist who also is very nice, but if i m being honest, isn t very helpful. whether that is my own fault, i don t know. i originally went to her because i have issues with control and wanted to try to work on that. i just don t find it to be doing anything for me though... i just wish i knew how to relax my thoughts and stop being such a worry wart. i m wound so tight i m ready to snap at any given minute. i get up every day, shower, go to work and then come home and lay in bed until i fall asleep because i m so exhausted. i don t know if i m exhausted because of my mental health, work hours, or if something is really physically wrong with me. i m honestly not even sure what i m looking for in writing this, maybe i just needed to vent. but if anyone can relate or offer any advice i would be open to hearing anything you have to say. life is so hard...
every strange thing that s happened in the last 24 hours. please read . 14m. as a bit of background, i am currently in therapy for anxiety , depression ocd and for the last six weeks i have been on 50mg of sertraline a day and 2 lots of 20mg promethazine a day. since yesterday morning, i haven t felt great but i atleast thought that the medication was working . was feeling depressed a bit the night before but something was drastically different. i woke up and felt like i was incoherent but i wasn t and began to feel very depressed. i put it down to just a bad day and i read online sertraline can cause depressive feelings . i continued on with my day not worrying until the nighttime . just before i was going to get into bed ,something didn t feel right. i started to feel strange in ways i can t describe and i had these 1 second headaches in the same spot every 5 10 minutes . my memory then began to feel weird and i checked my blood pressure which was normal. i then grabbed my playstation controller and headset and put it by my bedside which i never do . i always leave it on my desk. this freaked me out , but then again that could just be down to tiredness . i got into bed and checked by blood pressure again. all normal. but something didn t feel right at all. it felt like i was living in yesterday and then i suddenly got this strange feeling and this is the best way of describing it it felt like i wasn t conscious but i was at the same time . like to recall my memory it feels like none of that happened except it did . the world felt deaf and it felt like time was no longer linear . i felt as if i couldn t process things properly, if at all. and thought brain bleed. i then went to the bathroom and felt panicked but didn t show it . i checked my pupils and they were fine . i then went back to my bedroom and began to text people ok reddit for advice and said it all sounds like anxiety. at this point my brain was telling me that i was forgetting something but i don t know what, because that s the whole point of forgetting something . i began to feel like i was in a delirious state and i felt as if i couldn t hang on to a thought process. i was worried as this was not normal for me so i woke up my dad and told him what was happening . at this point when i was trying to read something i searched up on google , the words looked jumbled and i had to read it again. this has never been an issue before and i certainly don t have dyslexia , so this made me worry . i explained to my dad that the way i was feeling was not normal, so i asked him if i could call 111 urgent care number . i explained to them my situation and i was put on call later to a man who literally asked my father what he thought he should do if i was feeling delirious . at this point i realised it was pointless . he basically said it sounds like nothing physically but i disagreed. exhausted of all my options , i decided to go to sleep. i got around 7 hours and slept straight through and had vivid detailed dreams . i woke up around 11am after going to bed around 4am. i still had memory troubles but not nearly as bad as the night before . i tried to convince myself i was fine and realised i still felt strange and the letters looked a bit jumbled still. i ve tried to brush it off all day but still feeling weird. a recent feeling in the past 6 7 hours i ve attained is the feeling like i m waking up and suddenly realising i m doing something while i m doing it subconsciously . but if i backtrack and i try to remember it all feels fine. just not in the moment. this is the thing that is freaking me out . any advice please ? any at all? does this sound like a brain bleed mental confusion delirium? or could this be explained by anxiety derealization tiredness? so scared honestly don t know what to do.
is it anxiety burnout and why do my neck back chest pains haven't stopped ever since august 2022 disclaimer, the post is slightly copy paste from this thread but i want to share this on many threads in order to get some help. i'm m 33years old what's really interesting is, every single described on this thread are almost identical to the ones i i have right now, so if you can please check them out so you understand what i am going trough. https www.reddit.com r costochondritis comments jrihv6 chest pain for months no answers ?xpromo edp enabled the only logical explanation i've found myself is, that it might be severe anxiety or burnout i've experienced which makes my muscles being tense up all the time without me even realising it and get inflamed by the constant stress. as well some people, from what i've googled, claim that it might be side effect after a covid infection around june 2022 , but oddly enough my wife is totally fine despite both of us having similar symptoms while we were sick i got headaches and my throat hurt, her throat hurt and she was tired, both of us were 3x vaccinated . the only reason why i rule it out, is because these pains did start 2 days after my bed broke down while i was lying on it august 2022 and we changed the bed mattress afterwards around october 2022 but we've slept on the couch that can be transformed into a bed which is literally a wooden plank with the old mattress on top of it that was way overdue had a hole in the middle so had to change it for almost 3 months. before this all happend, i was really really stressed for years because of tons of private issue that negatively impacted my mental health and i was inactive during the lock down 2020 and after losing my job june 2021 , i've been almost every day on the pc with bad posture probably from 2019 june 2022. i got now a new job in september 2022 but got laid off from a previous one i was in for 3 months around january 2022 also i was on amitriptyline 25mg for almost a year, and stopped taking them as my neurologist told me back than june 2022 , i used to have around 2021 iirc similar pains tingles on the left side of my body but not like the ones i have right now. i do really hope if anyone finds out what we can do do finally feel better, beside accepting our symptoms and live with them. i have the typical tingly, electric feelings around my left side, headaches, migraines, heart races, burning cold feeling on one foot or both etc these symptoms typical come when i feel really anxious. now all the symptoms seems to focus on chest pain neck pain with brain fog with, especially when the pains are strong. the only relief i've found was lying down tough sometimes i had moment where my back was blocked stiffed but just for a short time and after i moved a bit , taking walks outside in the fresh air, being distracted, doing some stretching of the muscle where i have the pain. yet what i hate is they all return. i've did the classic health anxiety attack routine going to many doctors, er etc dozens of bloodtest came fine, have a slight arthrosis and disc misplacement on my neck nothing seriously according to the doctors , neurologe didn't found any anomaly, cardio doctor in august september 2022 told me my heart is totally fine we did a stress test on a bike so in the end, i really hope it's just my anxiety burnout, as my doctors all say, who gave me all these physical symptoms. all i want is that these pains finally stop! and if i did write many confusing things, please tell me so i can clear it up. p.s. i wanted to add as well that i grew up with stress my whole life ever since my childhood and that even to this day, i am really nervous and my fingers are always tremble, i am now asking myself if my body decided to crack when i got into my 30s
should i force myself to talk when i am unable to? vent, about work and conflict with friend my issues i was having a conversation with a close friend of mine about work settings because i will be having an internship soon. we talked about standard work things and tips, but then it lead to talking about my anxiety. i asked, if i'm unable to speak because of anxiety, how do i communicate that to them? 'them' being my coworkers. for extra context, i think this is a common thing but just in case, my throat closes up to a degree that it becomes hard to and painful to breathe or speak. obviously i need to breathe, so i've learned to tough through it, and even so i was able to get an appointment with someone who may be able to help this issue. as for speaking, that can be even more painful than breathing, so i usually try to tap my throat with my finger and hold up one finger with the other hand to try to communicate that i need a minute and i can't breathe speak. i was worried that may not be enough, and i had previously told my friend about my issues. i figured he'd be the right guy to ask, especially since he's training to become a therapist. i guessed he may have some ideas i haven't thought about yet he told me to tell my coworkers i need a minute to think and to maybe say it directly. i asked him, if i can't talk, how do i say it to them directly? i'm bad with conveying tone, partially because i'm autistic, so i can see in hindsight that it may have come off wrong. he asked me if i was just going to leave or stay quiet without telling them what was going on, and he also said that the situation would just become worse. i was starting to get a bit upset and i said that i knew that. then he told me to learn how to force myself to say it. that's where i became really upset. i have no idea if this was justified or not, all i know is how much it hurt. i tired my best to remind him of some of my tics, and how if i'm stressed enough to be unable to speak, forcing myself would definately make the situation worse. i told him about how there's been times where i've gotten overwhelmed and anxious, which led to me accidently hitting someone rarely or most commonly myself. sometimes i'll have really bad ones which make me yell, fling my arm beside my head, or slam a fist down on a table. i then apologized. he then told me that it's unfair, but i have to vocalize that kind of thing. i worked some things out with another close friend of mine, and we both agreed that i should maybe carry around some laminated cards on a ring with common words and sayings to help me communicate. we also talked about telling my coworkers and employers beforehand about my issues, and how i need a few minutes to myself to calm down. i tried messaging the friend from before, saying that i wanted to talk. i apologized for getting upset and explained that i was hurt by what he said and that i was hoping we can talk about it all. i apologized again. i've seen he's read the message, but he hasn't responded. i'm a bit worried, but trying to be patient with out differing time zones. should i force myself to talk when i am unable to, especially with some of my issues? i want to believe i'm not at fault, but i feel horrible about getting upset and i'm wondering if he's right and i should just try to suck it up. edit i also worry that i may have overreacted and blown up over something unimportant. it's just so infuriating and hurtful because i've been told all my life to force myself to do things and to just toughen up and deal with it. i've been called overly emotional and at this point any slight indication someone thinks that way kind of sets me off. i'm sorry if this doesn't make much sense, i struggle putting these things into words.
worried ive had cancer and its progressed too far now undiagnosed i apologize in advance for my sloppy writing. im a 19 year old male, and 18 last year when i started experiencing my symptoms. it was june or july 2017 and i had been starting to feel tired more often as my senior year ended. nothing shocking since ive always been tired and i was losing sleep over stress of not knowing where i was gonna go for college or how i was gonna spend the summer. one day in the summer when i was hanging out with my cousin i became unbareably tired and felt like i was gonna pass out. id describe it just as the feeling of having really low blood sugar. i layed in my bed and freaked out because i thought i had something terribly wrong with me, my parents didnt take it seriously but instead talked very gently through it with me about how it was probably my anxiety and that did bring me back to feeling somewhat less fatigued after a rational conversation. i thought this feeling would go away during that week for sure, but i felt fatigued the whole week through. being alone bored fatigued and scared to death that whole week took such a toll on my anxiety and stress levels. after that week i started to attempt to move past it, getting out and doing more physical things to try to shake it off and to also test that my physicallity wasnt degrading. im not very fit and was never good at running but i wasnt physically diminished at all, i could run for just as long and do just as many pushups despite feeling a vague fatigue. after that it was on and off but it always came back, a sensation if vague fatigue and low blood pressure that would just strike me randomly. i went to the doctor a month later and all of my vitals were normal and he brushed it off as anxiety and stress related. i also wanted a blood test, which returned as completely normal . so i was just living like this, being constantly fatigued on and off. i eventually went back to him in august to try and get more answers but with good vitals yet again he wouldnt listen to my concerns and kept telling me it was psychological. i had another blood test which came back completely normal . probably around september i started focusing on my bowel habits and noticed sometimes my food was indigested. so i thought hey, either colorectal cancer or ibs is behind this. i got a stool test done which came back completely normal . now comes the beginning of this year and im still feeling frustrated by my off and on fatigue without any answers, so i try talking to a new gastro doctor because im still focused on having colorectal cancer. this doctor actually listens to everything i say and he suggests adding fiber to my diet. he asks me if i wanted a colonoscopy but i say no because im afraid to have one and we have poor insurance which is possibly the most annoying aspect of this whole thing because whenever i visit the doctor which yields nothing my moms stuck with a bill that almost always goes into collections anyway, i voice the concern that i might have celiacs disease because i have many food allergies as it is. i get a blood test done in late january checking for sprue and some cancer markers because i voiced my concern. still completely normal and its not celiacs. here we are in march and my worries at an all time high. its literally all i can think about. made so much more troubling by the fact that over the past week ive been off balance on and off. this started last week after smoking marijuana right after waking up and having an anxiety attack im scheduled to go to a different doctor for a physical and guidance but the next available spot is fucking april 29th. im so afraid i have some kind of abdominal cancer and its already too far.
anxiety has ruined my life... i need some advice help gonna be a little long, gonna rant a bit little back story, 20 year old male, no past history of major anxiety other than flying on planes etc.. last year from january to april was feeling the best i have ever felt in my life! worked out 6 7 days a week, confidence was high, and not a care in the world. i would say around may, i started getting increasingly fatigued every day. as the days went on, it felt like i was detached from reality. by the end of the year, i felt so detached, fatigued, and had major brain fog. i have a small bump on the back of my head, it doesn't hurt, i got it checked out and the doc said it could be a skull deformity. i dont believe her. i convinced myself that i had something wrong with me, and i went down the rabbit hole of self diagnosing by reading google i know worst idea ever . i could only function to the fraction i could before my snapping point. i felt so depolarized and had no energy at this point. i convinced myself i had a chronic illness that i was going to die from i still belive this , i got every scan and lab work done. nothing came of it. i had no idea what was causing all of these symptoms. fast forward to january, i started a very stressful college class. it is an intensive academy type class. i thought i had my stress pretty well controlled but in february i had my first panic attack ever. went to school that day feeling fine, didn't eat breakfast, but drank 180mg of caffeine i usually have 300mg a day . during the afternoon portion of the class, i felt this sense of impending doom, and shortness of breath and it felt like my heart was going to jump out of my chest. for 2 hours my hr was in the 130s. i had no idea what was going on and felt like i was gonna die. so my teacher wanted me transported to the er, my ekg came back normal, sinus tachycardia fast heart rate . they pulled labs and everything was normal except for low magnesium and potassium. they gave me some fluids and discharged me. for the next few days my heart rate was a constant 120 even when resting and my anxiety was through the roof! it sucked! my doctor then prescribed me lexapro, and man oh man, hats of to anyone that could get through that first phase of lexapro. it trashed me, constant panic attacks, sob, tingling, the whole 9 yards. i stopped after 5 days due to the fact that i didn't want to be tied to a pill at such a young age. since my panic attack, ive had constant anxiety. im having anxiety about things ive never worried about before! it sucks! its like i have to experience all these things over again like driving to tell myself there is nothing to be anxious about. ill also be sitting in the most comfortable place in my house, not stressed at all, then my heart rate will kick off to the 120s for the whole day. do you guys experience this? i also feel like i'm having heart palpitations. it feels like my heart is in my throat and i can't catch my breath. it sucks! every time i stand up my heart rate jumps. it takes a long time for me to calm down and convince myself i'm not dying. i know my case is minor to some cases ive read but damn im having a hard time with this. im in constant fear and anxious about having another anxiety attack and passing out. im trying everything i can before i commit to an antidepressant. im trying l theanine, ashwagandha, and magnesium. i got prescribed adarax but it doesn't seem to help like ativan does. i just want my old life back. is this normal? does it get better? will it be like this forever? how did you guys get over your anxiety? tips? medications? thank you all for taking time and reading my post i really appreciate it. i just really need some help...
i m afraid my mom might hurt me so the preface, i m someone in my early twenties living with my parents. my parents have been fighting for years, occasionally physically. this would usually include my mom knocking in my dad s door to argue with him. these arguments would usually start with topics that included bills, taxes, or myself, that would eventually escalate to more personal matters i will not get into too much here. i used to try to intervene when things got too heated since they can t stop themselves, but recently i have decided not to so anymore as the last time i tried to intervene, my mom did physically attack me i didn t get hurt, i was just standing in front of my dad and she lurched at me . last night, she called me to ask if i could knock on my dad s door, since he wasn t responding to her calls, because she needed to pay a bill. i knew that this wasn t just about a bill, so i compromised and sent him a text instead, i even sent her a screenshot as proof. and i wasn t going to call him wake him up in the middle of the night unless it was an emergency, as i would consider it to be rude to do so. she then says don t worry your little head about, go back to sleep or whatever, okay? then, she called me again, this time saying what are the consequences gonna be? knock on the fucking door. i declined, saying i don t want to be a part of whatever was going on between them, and she should talk to him about this, to which she said i know. he s your loving dad, and i m the evil mom. i said goodnight to her, she laughs and responded with not goodnight. good bye. i say that i will talk to her tomorrow, and she replies i ll never talk to you again. not tomorrow, not the next day, or the next. she then calls me twice then immediately hangs up. she calls me one more time that night, here are the things she said when i declined to knock on my dads door again i ask you to do one simple thing, and you didn t do it. it s just a simple thing! i tried calling your dad, and he isn t answering me. it s not like you re picking sides or anything! translation look at what i do for you! and yet, you can t this simple task for me? well then i will rescind my love for you! it s not like you re picking sides or anything! you re full of shit, just like him my dad . where has your dad been all of your life? you need to take responsibility. is this what one of your councilors told you to say, the one that i pay x amount of money, i don t exactly remember . you don t even know what is going on. but fine. you can do whatever go to sleep, wake up in the morning, do whatever you do. me ok. goodnight, mom. and finally, i said goodnight to her, and she said don t call me mom. just say good night. that s not to say my dads innocent either or anything he s hella toxic and has treated my mom poorly as well, so it is hard to tell where the abuse and victimization starts and ends between the two of them. basically, they re both each others abusers and victims, if that makes any sense at all. but i do believe he is the safer parent, as although he can, at his worst, make me feel very uncomfortable to be around him, as he is kind of an asshole at times, i don t feel like my safety is threatened around him, unlike with my mom. he s a lesser of two evils , if you will. so i just feel really anxious right now. i did not want to be used as a pawn against dad, and my mom immediately associated me with him. so, now i m afraid that when she comes home, she will start to treat exactly like she treats dad, or worse. i m afraid she might start pounding my door and attacking verbally and physically. okay that is all, i just needed to vent. thank you for reading this.
i believe someone really has put a curse on me this year. i wish these past few months were all a joke. life really said, oh, let s make all these bad things happen to her and see her suffer, yay! bonus points because life made my hereditary anxiety pop out at full force to. it first started when my dog started to act not normal. her head would keep tilting every which way like she was drunk and eventually kept looking at the ceiling. it got so bad to the point where she couldn t walk or wouldn t eat anymore. it got worse during the weekend and we don t have an emergency vet near us so we had to call an on call vet from our clinic to come and look at her. he didn t really say much about her, just figured that it was neurological. my mom planned to bring her back to her regular vet on monday so they could further help her. she kept having seizures throughout the day as well and had labored breathing. my mom laid with her on the couch at night and watched the clock, waiting for 7 am to arrive. my dog didn t make it through the night. she died at 3 in the morning. i woke up that morning to my mom and dad telling me that she passed away. i got up out of my bed and quickly walked to the living room because i wanted to be with her. she died laying in her little bed that she loved. my family came and sat around her, crying and telling her that we love her. i didn t want it to be real. i wanted to say, mom, dad, she s just sleeping she ll wake up and start barking any minute. but reality came back and that s when i knew, this is really happening. i went to school the next day. i didn t want to. i just wanted to stay in my bed all day and sleep. i was so tired. i couldn t even pay attention to what the professor was saying because i felt numb and detached from reality. after i got out of class i started feeling like i couldn t breathe. it hit me like a ton of bricks. my chest hurt bad too. i started to take my anxiety pills again after that. i never had anxiety this bad before. i realized it s not like a cold that you can shake off. it sticks with you everywhere you go for a long time. i started off getting shortness of breath and chest pain. then it turned into feeling like my skin and heart were on fire and panic attacks that would jolt me awake at night and keep me up until 6 am. it did get better with time once i learned how to manage it. a few weeks later i was sending out reminders to my bridesmaids that dress shopping was coming up. i had reminded them months before because i wanted to make sure everyone could be there. i hadn t heard from one of my bridesmaids in about a month so i reached out to her to see if she was doing ok. she hadn t given me a response. the next day i asked if she was still coming, no response. on saturday, we arrived to the boutique to pick out bridesmaid dresses. she didn t text or call and didn t show either. she finally texted me the day after telling me she was backing out of being a bridesmaid. i was fine with that but wish she had communicated with me better. a few days after that i found a couple of black scuff marks on my car. there s a little crack by the marks to. turns out somebody side swiped my car and i didn t even see it until now. i figured i probably got hit in the college parking lot while i was in class so i called college security and had to meet up with an officer to give them specific time frames to look at in their security camera footage. i m so sick of people hitting my car. i think my car has gotten hit about 5 times now. i got so anxious about telling my dad. i hope life gives me a break after this. i desperately need one.
did i have a panic attack? about a month ago i f 25 had what i think was a panic attack. i ve gone through childhood physical and emotional abuse and traumatic events in adult hood family member has tired to take their life a few times but i have resisted the idea of getting professional help for myself since i was 11 12 and have only opened up about 90 with my long term boyfriend. in 2017 i was at an all time low and was feeling like life wasn t worth it and felt numb to the world. one night after going for dinner with work friends i was walking home and collapsed on the ground. i was conscious but felt so numb my body and mind just gave up there and then. some people came to help me and called an ambulance for me. when the paramedics arrived the shook me and got me on a bed i didn t talk but could hear them. i suddenly snapped out of it when they rolled me into the ambulance and started crying. the paramedic pricked me with a needle on my finger to test me for something. it hurt and was unexpected. they said they had to take me to the hospital to check me out but i was sure in my head that nothing was physically wrong with me. i got to the hospital and was so embarrassed and ashamed that i told staff i should leave and i went home. i was so incredibly embarrassed and ashamed and still am. how dare i just let all that happen when i wasn t an emergency and what if someone somewhere needed help and was dying. i just don t understand why didn t snap out of it. fast forward to a month ago. i was at first aid training ironically and that machine that pricks your finger was brought out to show us. the instructor used it on his own hand. i remembered immediately what i had done in 2017 and all the feelings of shame, guilt, embarrassment came rushing back. i didn t think much of it and we moved onto what the readings of the blood would tell you. i suddenly started feeling my hands sweat and a hotness covered my hands and seemed to radiate throughout my whole body and face. i was taking notes and my hand became so weak i couldn t keep writing. then i realised my hands were shaking uncontrollably. at this point i was thinking it was in my head but then my heart started racing sooo incredibly fast. i was still sure it was in my head as all i could think about was that i m not someone who faints at the sight of blood. then i started feeling like i was going to faint and to my embarrassment i had to stick my hand up and say in front of the class i was not feeling well. i got up and staggered outside the room and sat on a chair. the instructor followed me , clearly concerned. i then started thinking i was having a heart attack and was about to die. i genuinely started thinking what is everyone going to think if i die right here, my boyfriend, my family. i was telling the instructor that i don t normally faint and that i felt weird and that my pulse was fast. the instructor took my pulse and told me to slow my breathing hadn t even noticed how fast and heavy i was breathing . soon as he told me that i started calming down and thought if he s not worried about me dying then maybe i m not. i started feeling much better after that. at the end of the class he said he reckons it was a little bit of anxiety . was that a panic attack? whatever it was it scared me. since then i ve had 6 more with varying degrees but the first was the worst. this has pushed me to tell my doctor i need to speak to someone as i m scared it s going to happen in public and now i m being referred to therapy so i m not diagnosed with anything yet so am clueless. sorry for the long post.
tw mention of suicidal behaviour anyone with health anxiety who used to suicidal or still is even? a little long, tldr at end. i don t have many people to talk about health anxiety with as i don t know many people in my real life who deal with it. or at least who are open about dealing with it. a few years ago i got diagnosed with somatic symptom anxiety after i went to the hospital with chest pain and difficulty breathing but it turned out to be a result of weeks of severe anxiety and stress building up and manifesting in some physical symptoms which at that point i didn t even know could happen. i was paired up with a free psychologist from the hospital who dealt with ssa but unfortunately i really didn t like him and at the time didn t respect my diagnosis either. i felt discouraged that i had went to the hospital with real symptoms and worry my dad has a sudden cardiac arrest in his sleep due to a genetic heart condition they have not found it in me yet but we still keep a close eye on my heart so in a way i didn t feel validated and thought they weren t understanding me. it took me over a year to finally accept it and realize that i do get very anxious around the thought of loosing health and death. a few months after all this i started university and was set up with the counsellor there. they turned out to be great and very helpful. anyway, they really helped me dive into myself and get some better understanding of my anxiety. they also helped me realize something which is why i m making this post. i had been suicidal for as long as i can remember. i m currently 27 but when i was about 7 24 i remember constantly thinking about suicide. i always had a plan. i had attempted it a few times as a teen but wasn t successful. luckily i was able to get help and turn my life around and start to actually value life. i still had some times where i thought my life is so hard or this is it or my life is getting so disastrous that i should just end it. now i find myself valuing life, enjoying being alive, and worrying about death losing my health. i used to be so at peace with the thought of dying and saw it as an escape. and now it absolutely terrifies me to the point it affects my day to day life. i sometimes still have suicidal thoughts that cross my mind but i m in a good place in my life and truly believe that i have put it past me for now. sometimes i worry if something big or tragic happens in my life i ll be back to feeling that way but currently i m good. during the time i was suicidal i never did anything that has caused permanent damage as far as i can tell so far , but i definitely wasn t living a healthy lifestyle. i ve struggled with addiction and substance abuse that i have recently gotten a hold on but know it could be too late for some damages the substances can do mostly alcohol but i am trying my best to live healthily and make sure my body has what it needs to recover. i think this fuels my health anxiety too. i will obsess over a symptom and convince myself this is it. oh you re finally enjoying life? well too bad, it s soon over. i know mental health and illness is complicated , everyone s different, they often intertwine, and more. but i m curious to know if anyone else has similar thoughts about this or any really. thank you for taking the time to read and consider this. tldr was suicidal as a younger person, seems to be gone now, but since i am enjoying life and feeling guilt about how i used to life i feel it just fuels and fuels my health anxiety. wondering if anyone has similar experiences to share?
3 weeks of crazy medical symptoms and scared out of my mind not sure where to even start. around christmas time i was drinking pretty heavily and abusing phenibut pretty bad. once i returned back to work i slowly tapered everything down, but still had lingering vertigo and dizziness. i went to the occupational nurse and explained this to her so she sent me to the er after seeing my blood pressure through the roof. ekg, chest x ray and blood work all came back okay. blood pressure a little on the high side but no big deal. a few days goes by and i'm noticing my eye is driving me nuts, like it's super dry and irritated. i keep checking it and it looks fine. check it again and i notice my eyebrow is hanging lower than normal so i panic because i'm thinking stroke and go to the er. get halfway there and get this rush of a weird taste in my mouth and i suddenly feel super weak and out of it. my head feels like it's expanding and i can't string a sentence together and my neck and shoulder muscles feel like they're all as tense as they possibly can be. ambulance takes me to the er, get ekg, chest x ray and blood work and they give me a xanax and send me home saying it was a panic attack. next time i'm in the er it's the same thing. i start noticing my neck muscles are super tense and my heart is pounding and i try to keep calm for as long as possible, but it doesn't go away so i go to the er again. ct scan, blood work and a small dose of ativan and i'm fine. third time i convince myself sudden proptosis. panic. go to the er again, same symptoms. my head feels like it's rushing with fluid, neck muscles are insanely tense and i'm freaking out. checks my eye pressure and gives a quick exam and i'm fine. go see my regular doc and i keep explaining to him it's not anxiety. never had attacks like these in my life. did the usual neurological tests when i explained fear of a stroke and it was all fine. he asked me to smile. asked me to really smile. explained to him my left arm had been feeling a little weaker than normal and my armpit felt almost numb or inflamed. so he ordered an mri because he said it felt colder than the other. came home and checked my smile in the mirror and noticed the right side of my face is pretty much paralyzed. i can barely smile, but i can close my eye. my eyebrow hangs lower than the left and my cheek sags a little. i called the er doc and she said it's probably bell's palsy. probably a 3 week timeframe. so i'm terrified i have a tumor or ms or something. i did have a ct scan that came back clean. the only symptom i still have is the drooping on my face. i keep thinking my left arm feels weak, but i'm not even really sure. it's like the more i focus on it the worst it gets, but otherwise i don't really notice it. maybe it feels mildly colder. right now my balance is fine. i find my self falling asleep for a few seconds at a time randomly when i'm at my desk, but i sleep like shit because of anxiety. when i'm sitting down i get these weird feelings like someone's walking up the stairs, like you can feel it in your butt from the vibrations, but nothing's actually happening. my vision has been blurry for the past two years, but my eye doctor said it's nothing to be concerned about. i don't even know. my doctor is out until the beginning of march and all i want are my mri results so i know what's going on. are these panic attacks, is this just bell's palsy brought on my all of the stress of the past three weeks? i'm fucking terrified. sorry for the rant.
convinced i have ms hey. i can't seem to calm myself down right now... i've completely convinced myself i have ms.. my ha has been seriously terrible lately. i keep having panic attacks and i have embarrassingly broken down several times this past week at work. this post is long, i'm very sorry. i'm a 21 yo female. i've had health anxiety for nearly all my life. for the past few months i've had pain through my left buttock and leg. went to dr who said it was pinched sciatic nerve which completely makes sense my dad has also had the same problem and it sounds exactly like what i have anyway i still obsessed over it being a blood clot or something serious. sometimes when i am very stressed, my arms tend to go weak and i shake. i also will feel numb in certain areas of my body. recently though, the area around the left side of my mouth has felt weak numb when i'm anxious. i always check in the mirror and it's not drooping or anything. it makes my anxiety go through the roof. i also am very aware of my speaking when this happens and i sometimes feel as if i slur my words. it never lasts very long and usually if i take anxiety medication it goes away fairly quick. however when googling this i know, i can't keep googling things like the first result is ms.. i can't shake it... here are my other symptoms... very tired. i did just start on two anxiety medications so i'm trying to attribute my tiredness to that. i'm constantly tense. my jaw is nearly always tight and my shoulders are always up to my ears. tight chest feels like i'm short of breath frequently. i think i'm like.. slightly hyperventilating at all times. frequent nausea. blurry vision especially at night or after looking at my phone for a long time having it now unfortunately feeling disconnected dizzy when i'm extremely anxious i get very itchy on my thighs and on my arms. this has happened all my life. usually if i'm wearing warm clothes, under a blanket, or i've just taken a hot shower i've always had this and assumed dry skin but i learned that sometimes ms can cause hot itchiness that is often mirrored on the body even worse, i noticed yesterday that in the places i've scratched really hard, i've even left small bruises and a few scratches. for as long as i can remember, i've had this thing where if i'm laughing really hard i lose my grip can't hold a pencil or something idk it's weird when i'm anxious sometimes when i'm not my hands shake ive always been pretty strong but for as long as i can remember, my arms shake like if i'm pouring a pitcher of water or something. i have also had excema on my hands for the last few years dr said due to stress and excessive hand washing which lines up but it did start out mirrored i watched a video yesterday of a man who had been hardcore dealing with ms fears who went to the doctor and he was fine and all. he listed a few of his symptoms, a lot of which i shared. he also mentioned very weak muscles and twitching along with pins and needles in his limbs. i was thankful i hadn't really had any of that. but seriously just a few hours later, all these symptoms hit. even worse today. my hands have been jittery the whole time i've typed this.. i know there are more symptoms. i'm sorry, this post is a mess. i'm seriously so scared. lately all i can think about is my health. i'm finding it hard to do basic tasks and function normal ly. i'm sorry that this was so long. i just wondered if anyone else deals with this.
actually you're a total badass most people are mentally and emotionally sane, relatively at least. they might claim that the worry is all in your head, not understanding that your corporeal experience strongly suggests otherwise. they might tell you to think positive, because they don't have an inner voice that constantly gets drowned out by a huge stadium packed with negative objectors. they might take it rather personally when socializing is the very least thing you want to do, they could never imagine that them yapping on about their normal life drains your already depleted life energy. some of them might start all kinds of shit with you because they see you as a weak and opportune victim to unload their own shit towards, never realizing they're the real cowards. some of them might truly want to help you out and tell you get therapy asap, then you might see some random bureaucrat person completely devoid of empathy struggling to stay awake while you pour you heart of desperately looking for some kind of assistance. assistance that usually comes in form of dubious drugs that only work at a hefty price by the way so they advice you to go see some private expensive experts, unaware of the fact that your wallets suffers with you. they like to imply that you just chill the f out and relax. because they don't have that intrusive, horrible, horrible, horrible, encompassing, joy devouring, soul obliterating, sucking, painful, torturous, uneasy pit of dread stuck right in their stomach with racing thoughts to boot. perhaps they'll make sly remarks on how you need to just grow up, after all, they don't know how's it's like to think like an adult while emotionally reacting like a little fragile child scared to death. they might say go the gym or be physically active and get some endorphins running. to be fair, is actually solid advice if you can muster the strength to go there. off course they have their problems too, the difference however is that your problem is you and how that you contaminate every aspect of your life. the point is, according to some of 'them' you're just a loser, useless, lazy, afraid, a waste of space, a failure with nothing to show for in life. they are so much better than you and intentionally or not they make you buy their version of you. however. it's just opinions from judgemental people at the end of the day. i don't want to you to waste any energy on harboring any resentment, envy or anger towards anybody, they just don't understand. how could they know the truth. perhaps even you don't the truth about yourself, so i'm going to say it, just in case. you simply being here and keeping on makes you a tough as nails. a warrior that fights hordes of demons every day. bravery is defined by the will to face fear, you have fear stuffed in your face all the time. you may suffer endless anxiety, but you as a matter of fact are courageous by the definition of the word. doing your best to just keep going, that's it. it's not some lofty motivational speech, just a cold fact. it may not help you any bit to read this, but i for one will not let it be unsaid. anxiety is bad enough in itself, so rather than feeling shame in addition you have earned the right to have pride in yourself. my intention is for you to keep that in mind on your darkest days, because i know very well what it's like to suffer anxiety while having your character measured by factors out of your control.
dizziness, pressure in head, headaches, strange seizure like episodes brain tumor or sinus infection? hey all. i'm making a doctor's appointment first thing in the moring but i'd like some advice on what i am experiencing in the meantime. for a couple months i have been getting these strange episodes that i can only describe as pseudo seizures. one of the most notable symptoms is that i suddenly have this overwhelming sensation of physical buildup, like you get right before a good sneeze or before you start crying. however, that release doesn't come, so i get urges to make noise like moaning or screaming to force the feeling out. another big symptom is a sudden inability or difficulty in swallowing. it's like i've forgotten how to move my tongue properly or like my mouth is too dry, and i can only partially swallow. i have to push food to the back of my throat so that it's already partially down and then struggle to get it the rest of the way. i stop eating when this happens because i don't want to risk choking. other symptoms are a tightness in the back of my head, confusion, and sometimes waves of tingles or energy washing over my scalp. the waves are very brief, but will repeat over and over for up to 20 minutes. when they stop, the rest of the symptoms go away too. i havent gotten too many of these the past couple weeks but they were nearly constant a month ago. for the past couple weeks i have been having sporadic dizzy spells that feel like my body is floating or like my brain is swimming around in my head. sometimes i get queasy during these spells. i noticed that they seemed to come or be worsened when looking at screens like my phone or computer, so i eventually figured it must be cybersickness. i am using my devices less and more carefully, and the dizzy spells got better for a few days. however, now i am having very uncomfortable pressure in my head that seems to move around. it is mainly in my temples and the back of my head, but sometimes i can feel it in my nose too. it ranges from being annoying to feeling like my head has been put in a gentle hydraulic press. i feel dizzy when the pressure worsens. every so often, my right hand will feel slightly numb, and it feels like i've lost some fine motor control in it. however it's hard to tell if that is real or is just anxiety. it could also be carpal tunnel because i am an artist and it's in the hand i use to do most everything. it usually goes away in a few minutes to an hour. i have been dealing with issues with my eyeglass prescription for the past few months. my old prescription had run its course and had started giving me trouble so i went and got a new one a few weeks ago, but it's too strong so i'm getting them bumped down a bit now. here are my crazy concerns brain tumor, adult onset hydrocephalus, brain cancer cancer is of least concern because i recently had bloodwork and it came back perfect, so i shouldn't have that my more realisic theories are sinus issues like infection or irritation, anxiety, eye strain from not wearing my glasses and having an outdated overpowered prescription. i was getting my prescription rewritten today and my eye doctor looked at my eyes to see if he could find any sign of a tumor, and he said everything looked good to him but i'm still worried. what are all your thoughts? do you think those strange episodes are really seizures? should i be worried i have a tumor?
is it normal to get screened for psychosis even though i dont have any symptoms of it??? ok, let me explain what is going on. hope some of you can relate to this. my anxiety is through the roof. couple of years back i had stress induced panic anxiety, with all the classic symptoms rapid heartbeat, crazy tensions, panic attacks, fatique etc. . my doctor had a hard time telling me what was going on, and i kept coming to the worst conclusions gt this gave me some crazy health anxiety and the fear of dying. i came over this in a year, and haven't had any of this for 2 years straight. now, 4 months ago i start to feel a little depressed, nothing major, i assumed it was due to the winter coming, messed up sleeping pattern and life just being a bit boring. this threw me right back into the health anxiety. thoughts racing constantly about why i got depressed, what is happening to me, am i going crazy etc. i went to the doctor, saying that i felt off, a bit emotionally numb, and racing thoughts 24 7. i took a depression test there, but kinda showed nothing, so the doctor kept asking me questions about hallucinations and delusions, which i have had nothing of, never. i went back a couple of more times assuming something physical was wrong with me or atleast something crazy that messed with my cognitive abilities. got the same questions again and again. so i slowly started thinking about the questions, what if i am gonna hallucinate, see stuff that isnt there etc. now i am stuck here with some 24 7 dp dr, constant hyperawareness and crazy anxiety about hallucinating or going psychotic or something. it's like my brain is in super defence mode, recognizing everything that changes in my surroundings, telling me to reality check everything so i am sure that i am not going crazy. i feel so off. i went to my doctor again and told her about the fear of going crazy or developing schizophrenia. and she sent me to a psyciatrist, with the reference of me being psychotic. when i read the reference i had a fullblown panic attack, i just froze. this made my anxiety 100x worse than before, thinking that i must be super crazy. recently i went to the psyciatrist who asked me the same questions about delusions and halluciations, and i described again the same things. that i've never had them, never had any delusions. but i am starting to think whenever i see something, delusional thoughts pop up in my head, because of my obsession about the fear what if i thought someone were actually following me etc.. all kinds of intruisive thoughts that i know for a fact that is no were near real, but just scary that that they pop up in my head all the damn time. i used some metaphors there at the interview and i think she might have gotten the totally wrong idea of what i told her. because now i am being sent off to an interview about schizophrenia and psychosis, because she thinks i am that apparently, even though i don't have any symptoms at all. she even gave me a temporary diagnosis as a schizophrenic wtf. this is throwing me off, what the f is happening. am i losing control, i can't believe this is happening. is this normal to get screened for??? i feel so detatched right now, stuck in full blown overanalyzing mode of my surroundings, i can't relax. what if i am going schizophrenic or psycotic???? sorry for my grammar my anxiety has never been worse.
ridiculously anxious about my teeth it s making me miserable. hi everyone. this is my first post here. i ve had health anxiety for around 3 years now but have only just joined reddit and thought i d search to see if such a subreddit exists and it does. so yeah, i ve had ha for 3 years. it was severely bad 3 years ago, i had a lot of stress going on but i managed to get it under control. i used to be so bad, any pain or symptom i panicked and i can t even count the amount of times i called 999 or 111 i m in the uk and had ambulances come out for me. i was at the doctors almost 3 times a week. everything has been fine until recently, under a lot of stress again. a lot of uncertainty in my life and may have to uproot and leave my home for like the 15th time in the past 3 years . ever since the stress, the ha has crept back in. right now, i m petrified and convinced that i m going to lose my two front teeth. i haven t been to see a dentist in the last 5 years since they gave me 2 fillings and i had such excruciating pain afterwards for a few months whenever i drank or ate something too hot or cold i had awful pain up the side of my face. something as simple as changing my tooth paste fixed it and i haven t had it since. but i haven t been in 5 years and i think that itself is what scares me. i m not even registered at a dentist, i m going to call round tomorrow morning to register. my problem is, i am convinced that my 2 front teeth wobble. well not wobble, but they definitely move if i hold onto the tooth with my thumb and index finger and try to move each tooth. i can ever see it in the mirror i think . it s only slight and it s not wobbling or twisting or anything like that. but that s enough to have convinced me that i m doomed and my teeth will fall out. i smoke so i think that s contributing to the fear. plus i suffer from depression so i haven t brushed as often as i should because i neglect myself. has anyone else had any similar issues in relation to anxiety about their teeth? are teeth supposed to move if you try to move them with your fingers? i did a google search awful i know, i promised myself i would stop doing this and all the results were about gum disease or forums where people put as the header i lost my front teeth! so that s terrified me even more. my gums seem fine, they don t hurt, they aren t red. they bleed when i brush sometimes but that s when im really rough at brushing. if i m gentle and brush properly, no blood. i m so terrified i m already acting like they ve fallen out. ive even been thinking that i wish they would just fall out at least then i could be like okay, so now i need to get this sorted. but the whole worrying that it might happen is a nightmare. i ve been spending the past week either crying uncontrollably or sleeping so i don t have to think about it. that is of course unless i have a dream where my teeth fall out which i dream about quite frequently. sorry that this is so long. i ve never really spoken about my ha before. nobody ever seemed to get it and my doctor is in no way supportive or understanding, just acts like i m annoying them. my family don t get it either. my mum actually told me i was deranged when i was in the middle of an intense panic attack a few years back. thank you all for reading. i hope that everyone is well. any responses will be greatly appreciated.
unsubscribing today. thanks for all of your support. this sub has helped me through a lot of health concerns, but today i'm finally in a place where i can deal with it on my own so i'm posting to hopefully help someone else. i started off as a mess and eventually got a full heart body checkup including an mri and wore a heart monitor for 24 hours to check out my palpitations. after being told that everything is fine that was a big step. getting a professional, comprehensive medical diagnosis to rule out what you're worried about goes a long way. after chest pains, numbness, tingling in my limbs, dizzy spells, being sent to the er because urgent care thinks i might be having a stroke, and a ton of other shit, something outside my control changed my stress level. i took on a different role at work that is much less stressful. i had no idea how big of an impact this was because i didn't consider myself stressed but several symptoms subsided with this change like everything digestive and the chest pain is less frequent. after i was told the chest pains are costochondritis inflammation of the rib tissues, read stress induced i saw a chiropractor for about 5 months who taught me some stretches and self adjustments i could do with a back roller and now i've trained myself not to panic when i feel those chest pains. just do the stretches and trust that i'm fine and sure enough, i am. also, my doctor told me to cut caffeine and i didn't listen. i am a coffee junkie and cut back, but didn't cut it out entirely. well recently i switched to decaf i know, stick with me and it's been life changing. yes, this is obvious. yes, we all know caffeine raises your physiological arousal level. but many of us keep consuming caffeine not realizing just how much it actually contributes to the cycle. i'm a much happier person on decaf and i don't think i'll go back. i found out all of the shit i was dealing with can be caused by anxiety. so this whole time, it was the fear of a health problem that was causing health problems. stress impacts us more than we realize! so to recap, here are the things my dumb ass put off doing forever that really made a huge impact get a doctor's opinion. as in, a thorough one if possible instead of just a quick visit. they will run some tests and give you a professional take on it. when you get this trust it. if you have reason to believe the doctor missed something, get a second opinion but really you should trust the doctor. manage your external stress. this doesn't mean quit your job, but if something is stressing you out a situation at work, a significant other, family take some real steps to get out of that situation! in my case it was a lateral transfer and a change in responsibilities but man did it lower my stress levels. cut the caffeine and any other stimulants including recreational ones. if you struggle with anxiety, your brain is already pumping you full of stress hormones in a fight or flight response. you absolutely do not to make it worse. even a little can impact some people like me, apparently . for the love of reddit, never google your symptoms. the terrible thing about anxiety is once it has you, it's a downward spiral. but the inverse is true too. once you are confident in your situation and know the quirks of your own body, you can come out of it quickly too. hope this helps someone.
i feel really silly posting this but... i think i ll feel better if i get this off my chest. i definitely have some health anxiety, although it s not as bad as it could be. i recognize that many of the symptoms i feel from time to time are a result of internalizing stress and are made worse by worrying about them, and i think i ve gotten a better handle on it as the years have gone by. but i don t think anxiety can cause lumps or make them grow, and i m trying to stay away from google and redirect my focus but i m still feeling that worry and wanting to check on the lump every five minutes. i think i ve done a fairly good job keeping myself in check and only examining the lump once a day. but i m going to write this out and see if it helps. maybe someone else has had a similar story and everything turned out fine? i want to hear it if so. close to a year ago now, i noticed this lump under my arm. i thought it was an ingrown hair. mentioned it at a checkup, the doctor felt it and thought it was a lymph node. she offered to do an ultrasound but i was getting ready to move out of state and didn t have time. the lump grew and became really painful and red. for reasons, i didn t see a doctor until about eight months later, when they diagnosed the lump as an abscess next to a swollen lymph node. abscess was drained, tested positive for staph, i got a gross course of antibiotics and that was that. the lymph node shrank a little after that and i could still feel a lump where the abscess was. primary care doctor said it was a cyst that had formed form the abscess being left alone for so long, and sent me to a surgeon to have it removed. the surgeon was not very nice, told me he couldn t feel anything and sent me home. eventually the cyst shrank and i couldn t feel it anymore. fast forward to two months later and now...the original lymph node has shrunk but it s still around. and now above it there s a new...mass. it s next to where the abscess was before but off to the outside top corner of my armpit sorry for the bad explanation . it s a hard lump and fixed in place, which freaks me out a bit because google says that s a sign of cancer. buuuuuut maybe it s just my muscle i m feeling. the other armpit has a bit of that bump thing going on at the top, but it s way less pronounced and feels less like a defined lump, if that makes sense. and it feels like it s growing. thanks to the abscess i have a scar and it feels like the lump is noticeably getting closer to the scar. i feel like such a drama queen. i m so embarrassed bringing stuff like this up at the doctor because i m so used to being dismissed and them thinking i m a huge baby. i just feel ashamed of being like this. being stuck between worry or embarrassment isn t much of a choice. but this nagging voice in my head keeps saying anxiety can t cause a lump like it could cause a headache or nausea or heartburn or whatever. i just can t cope with the humiliation if it turns out being nothing and they think i m an idiot. i have an appointment with my doctor for something unrelated and not to do with something being wrong with me and i m debating on if i should bring it up. my doctor now seems really good and non judgy, these feelings are internalized. if someone else has had a mysterious bump that vanished one day and ended up being nothing please let me know. thanks
heart anxiety pvc, vt and cpvt hi there. i want to begin to tell you that i have suffer from health anxiety for few years. i was actually good for 3 years until 10 weeks ago. last two years i've had skipped beats. doctor told me it was probably pvc and did no test. i believed him and continued with my life. these skipped beats would happened when in rest so i wasn't worried. last year i had a hernia surgery and i couldn't run for 4 month's. then last summer i noticed when i started running that my heart would skip beats or flutter more frequently during excersice. sometimes just 1 2 times but sometimes 10 times. i saw a cardiologist and he did ecg, echo, stress test. my heart is structurally normal and everything looks fine except 1 pvc during stress test. i didn't have any anxiety and continue working out. than 10 weeks ago i was running. i'm not in good shape because i'm scared of exercising. everything went fine until i had pvc. i continued running and got few in a row! my heart started pumping and i felt numbness and my heart was getting pvc a lot. i thought i was going to faint but i didn't. my friend called the ambulance. i freaked out when they came my pvc had stop and i just had 150 bpm. ecg showed nothing. had a blood test as we'll and 2 more ecg which showed nothing. docs told me nothing to worry about. i was fine until week ago when i was watching tv and relaxing. i noticed chest tingling. i took my pulse and it was fast. i had a panic attack and skipped beats, few in a row. i called a ambulance and they did ecg 2x and there we're no sign of anything. my skipped beats were not happening when they came. i had a holter and i'm waiting for the results but it only captured skip bear while at rest. i'm trying to get on with my life but i can't take this anymore. i'm so anxious. deep down in my heart i worry so much that i have venticular tachardia because of those skipped beats while excsersising or panic attacks. they came more than 3 in a row and that is suppose to be a bad sign. i want to believe my doctors but i can't get it out of my head that they have never capatured my heart fast and inregular at the same time. only pvc or fast sinus rate. i'm can't sleep i can't enjoy anything and i'm have been a mess last week's because of this venticular tachardia anxiety. summary. i've experience at least two times fast rate and skipped beats. it also happened one time when i had adrenaline rush because of a bad family fight. my heart started skipping beats alot and sometimes even during dramatic sport events my heart races with skipped beats. it happens if i have adrenaline, if i'm excsersising and panic attacks and stress.also sometimes when drinking alcohol i'm 24 year old 90 kg 185 cm never smoked have panic attacks and health anxiety. should i worry that they have never capture my heart going fast and skipping beats? any advice? be honest. i had few good weeks with my anxiety but then googled some shit and found cpvt and it's giving me one helluva anxiety. im just playing everything in my head. i get more skipped beats when my heart is racing curing excersice or panic. i have had ecg when it happened but my pvc had stopped already and it only showed sinus tachardia. i just want to stop think about this. deep down i know i'm 99 all right but my brain keeps getting what if especially with cpvt fear.
heart anxiety pvc, vt and cpvt hi there. i want to begin to tell you that i have suffer from health anxiety for few years. i was actually good for 3 years until 10 weeks ago. last two years i've had skipped beats. doctor told me it was probably pvc and did no test. i believed him and continued with my life. these skipped beats would happened when in rest so i wasn't worried. last year i had a hernia surgery and i couldn't run for 4 month's. then last summer i noticed when i started running that my heart would skip beats or flutter more frequently during excersice. sometimes just 1 2 times but sometimes 10 times. i saw a cardiologist and he did ecg, echo, stress test. my heart is structurally normal and everything looks fine except 1 pvc during stress test. i didn't have any anxiety and continue working out. than 10 weeks ago i was running. i'm not in good shape because i'm scared of exercising. everything went fine until i had pvc. i continued running and got few in a row! my heart started pumping and i felt numbness and my heart was getting pvc a lot. i thought i was going to faint but i didn't. my friend called the ambulance. i freaked out when they came my pvc had stop and i just had 150 bpm. ecg showed nothing. had a blood test as we'll and 2 more ecg which showed nothing. docs told me nothing to worry about. i was fine until week ago when i was watching tv and relaxing. i noticed chest tingling. i took my pulse and it was fast. i had a panic attack and skipped beats, few in a row. i called a ambulance and they did ecg 2x and there we're no sign of anything. my skipped beats were not happening when they came. i had a holter and i'm waiting for the results but it only captured skip bear while at rest. i'm trying to get on with my life but i can't take this anymore. i'm so anxious. deep down in my heart i worry so much that i have venticular tachardia because of those skipped beats while excsersising or panic attacks. they came more than 3 in a row and that is suppose to be a bad sign. i want to believe my doctors but i can't get it out of my head that they have never capatured my heart fast and inregular at the same time. only pvc or fast sinus rate. i'm can't sleep i can't enjoy anything and i'm have been a mess last week's because of this venticular tachardia anxiety. summary. i've experience at least two times fast rate and skipped beats. it also happened one time when i had adrenaline rush because of a bad family fight. my heart started skipping beats alot and sometimes even during dramatic sport events my heart races with skipped beats. it happens if i have adrenaline, if i'm excsersising and panic attacks and stress.also sometimes when drinking alcohol i'm 24 year old 90 kg 185 cm never smoked have panic attacks and health anxiety. should i worry that they have never capture my heart going fast and skipping beats? any advice? be honest. i had few good weeks with my anxiety but then googled some shit and found cpvt and it's giving me one helluva anxiety. im just playing everything in my head. i get more skipped beats when my heart is racing curing excersice or panic. i have had ecg when it happened but my pvc had stopped already and it only showed sinus tachardia. i just want to stop think about this. deep down i know i'm 99 all right but my brain keeps getting what if especially with cpvt fear.
suddenly developed health anxiety greetings redditors, this is my first post ever on this website, honestly the first blog that i could think of to go to and i really need some advice. im a 21 year old male. when i turned 21 in september i developed a severe drinking habit. i would drink every night to black out. this continued from september through january. after january first i decided to quit cold turkey which i believe caused my body a great deal of stress. when i was detoxing i began to google my symptoms. this was my first obsession with my health. i settled on having diabetes. it all added up in my head, the light headedness, tingling in my feet and hands, and lots of sweating. i went to the doctor after 2 to 3 days of intense worry to find out i was perfectly healthy with near perfect cholesterol, sugar, iron, etc levels. in around mid february i came to the conclusion that this is an anxiety disorder. i was talking to someone on facetime and laughed really hard at what they said. while i was laughing i felt heard a click in my head probably just my jaw and immediately thought i had had a brain aneurysm. i then for the next three or four days was having terrible what i know now panic attacks. this transitioned into me believing that my panic attacks were heart attacks and the slurred speech i got when i was coming out of the attack to be me having a stroke despite not ever displaying symptoms of stroke, heart attack, aneurysm, etc. the attacks would be so bad that i would for days feel like i was walking around in a dream, a buzzing feeling in my head, strong sensitivity to light and sound. i just felt like complete shit always. this was often paired up with severe tension headaches and the sensation of cold water being poured on my head always the right side which further worried me, thought i was having strokes every single day since that day it has been something else. ive convinced myself that i am anemic, diabetic, having liver failure, having appendicitis, having eye cancer, tonsil cancer, bone cancer. you name it i've probably convinced myself of it. currently i am struggling with a bump behind my right molar. this is on the side of the gum line and more than 100 sure it is a wisdom tooth coming in completely sideways as i am that age . however my sympathetic nervous system decided to force me to believe that it was a tumor and that i was going to die. this caused me to have probably close to a dozen panic attacks over the course of around 3 hours. each one lasting anywhere from a few minutes to 20 30. hyperventilation, racing heart, sharp chest pain, feeling of impending doom, sweating, and aggressive crying. before i quit drinking, i never worried about anything. i could handle an extreme workload without even the slightest repercussion. and now seemingly every single day its a new worry that makes it so that i just want to fucking die. ive never seen a doctor for the disorder, just to have them check up on the symptoms that i think i'm experiencing. my main question is, has this happened to anyone before? like an anxiety disorder developing seemingly overnight, the course of a few days? or is this extremely abnormal . at this point im just really really scared and want to start to feel normal again. i don't know what to do..
shin splints persisting for more than a month, dont know if i should wait... hey people. back in december 8th, i had some ankle pain which came after sitting or sleeping, and went away after walking for a bit. this continued until around new years eve and went away. during that, i have been trying to get a faster 5k time, running 2 times a week at a moderate pace. keeping at it, at january 16th, i ran significantly faster because i increased my cadence from 165 to 180, so i took 4 minues off my 5k. the day after, my shin started hurting, a dull ache on the upper 2 3 just outside my shinbone. the pain was very diffuse, and i still have trouble finding out if it is my bone or muscle hurting. however this pain came only when i stood for a long time, and at night. running on it didnt really change the pain, however i was limping a little bit a friend pointed it out, he didnt know about it . i stopped running on the 22nd january, hoping it would get better, however, the pain persisted. at the 31st of january, i called my doctor and asked for an appointment, she game me one at february 26th, which i think is a long time to wait with this ache, however since it didnt really hurt that bad, so i guess i could wait pain is 3 4 out of 10 . on february 2nd, i went skiing, and the pain subsided a littlebit, however it has been acompanied with a sharper, more localized pain an inch below my tibial tuberosity, and one to the left of it pic https imgur.com jnppv1r https imgur.com jnppv1r . i dont know if this is because i have fallen a couple of times i had many more bruises, but they disapeared 4 5 days after coming home . i came home on the 10th of february, and my pain still persists, i have tried the rice method, and stretching, nothing works. at the point im typing this, i havent run for a long time, and its been 10 days since ive been skiing. the pain has increased this week, and today it is on an all time high. i can still walk, and bike, but it is starting to intefere even more, and the ankle pain has come back too. i to have my legs up for as long time as possible, the last days i have rested 10 hours minimum in the daytime, practicing rice. should i call my doc to get an earlier appointment? i called her today to ask for advice, based on this story, she assumed it was shin splints and told me to stretch. what do you think it is? i may add that i am a hypochondriac, and somewhere inside me keeps telling me it could be bone cancer, and i really hate that, so i try to stay optimistic, and think about the rarity of it, albeit i am on strong immunosuppressants. the thought of it being cancer and just assuming it is something else makes me extremely anxious. tl dr dull shin pain began after running pb 15th jan , stopped running about a week after, pain persisted, and after 8 days of skiing 1st feb 9th feb , has gotten accompanied by a sharp pain in the bone. pic of location https imgur.com jnppv1r https imgur.com jnppv1r from friday it started getting worse. i have an appointment on the 26th feb, should i call for an earlier? i am afraid this is more serious than a shin splint, maybe a stress fracture, maybe bone cancer... sorry for the long post, i just think a more detailed description helps. i really hope you can help. thanks for reading.
what is wrong with me? i ve always been extremely articulate and smart. i operated on a higher consciousness than most people just in the sense that i was more aware of my surroundings and i thought deeply about things. i was also quick witted and being funny was probably my defining personality trait. until about a week ago, i felt like my normal self still a very anxious person regarding my health, particularly a brain tumor . now i just feel like there s been a substantial cognitive decline. i can t think as deeply and i m constantly second guessing myself on if i m using words correctly. i feel ike my vocabulary is getting worse and i google synonyms for words about 30 times a day. at the same time, i also feel more relaxed. it sounds weird but i d rather feel smart and anxious than dumb and relaxed. i m not even particularly happy. i feel like i have no emotions something that has been persisting for a while but now i feel like i have no intelligence something new to me . i am slower to respond in arguments and don t feel as witty as i was two weeks ago. maybe i m thinking too much about my speech but i just wish i could revert back to normal. everything just feels so superficial to me. it s weird. i know a symptom of brain tumors is a shift in consciousness. i m messing up when i talk a lot more. i feel like i m forgetting words and not winning in arguments very rare for me . i m only 15 almost 16 and feel like i have alzheimer s or something. on a side site, the only other truly concerning symptom i have that could be indicative of something more serious is the smell of smoke occasionally. this isn t a daily occurrence or even a weekly but maybe once or twice a month, i ll get a whiff of the faint smell of smoke that is certainly not coming from real life. as of lately, i just feel so dumb. i just can t stress the fact that i ve never felt this way before. i hate this feeling. i haven t really had emotions for a while this is due to some trauma i ve been through but lack of intelligence is brand new. i may not be completely devoid of my intellect as i m able to express my thoughts coherently in this format but i feel slower than usual. i use to partake in writing creative stories and stuff and i tried to do that yesterday and i struggled and was uncharacteristically out of ideas. sorry if this sounds repetitive but this has been going on for about a week now and i m not sure what s up. my parents won t let me get an cat scan i got an mri in march 2016 and everything was fine . is there a possibly a tumor could ve developed in this short of amount of time? thoughts and opinions please. i just feel like a completely different person also sometimes when i d feel really weird or things would get too heavy, i d cry and the feelings would subside. now i can t even cry cause i feel like i don t even have feelings in the first place. i use to be able to explain this perfectly all the time or so it felt like and i took great pride in my ability to articulate things. now i feel like whenever i do so, there s a little voice in my head questioning what i say and if it makes complete sense. i now i sound articulate in my post but i don t feel like i sound like this in real life. or it at least takes too long for me to express myself.
feeling of trapped burp excessive burping nausea hello all, lately i ve been going through a scare as someone with ibs. lately i ve been excessively burping. even if i haven t eaten anything yet, and especially once i eat something. however, the thing is sometimes i need to force the burp out because it feels like it s trapped in my stomach or chest or throat. and when i m unable to get the burp out, it makes me feel nauseous. for the past couple of days except yesterday, i ve been either dry heaving or actually vomiting. when i vomit, it s either this clear liquid that tastes like acid, which i assume is acid, and sometimes it s food i eat. burping helps relieve the feeling for a few minutes but then it s back. this has been happening for a couple of weeks already. but before, i wasn t diagnosed with ibs. i had ha about colon cancer. once i was told that it was ibs by my gi, the burping never stopped but the nausea sort of did. fast forward a little bit, and i was fine. i was eating healthier and my bowel movements were even improving. i even went on a trip to hawaii and i was fine there. i had one bout of nausea but that s it. and then shit hit the fan right when i got back from hawaii. basically whatever i said in the beginning lol. but here s a list of all my symptoms medical issues excessive burping feeling like a burp is trapped in stomach chest throat nausea due to reason above occasional acid when i burp and in the morning when i wake up making me think it s possibly gerd but i don t have heartburn and this feeling is only occasional dry heaving vomiting clear liquid food. no red blood or coffee grounds or green or yellow liquid. mild ibs, no abdominal pain, predominantly constipation although it has been getting better. i ve been having nice bm every day. but yesterday it was diarrhea which is weird sometimes blood on the toilet paper, but this always happens when i have to strain and it hurts and itches. gi says i have internal hemorrhoids. bm are usually 4 5 on the bristol stool chart swollen turbinate and a deviated septum ah my first bout of my ha. if i could go back in time i would prevent this lol . fatigue some skin patches that idk if it s eczema or psoriasis. leaning towards eczema since i have an intense family history of it. i ve had no weight loss, thankfully. i actually gained weight in hawaii haha. so it s basically the burping, nausea that is making my ha spike. and it sucks because it makes me anxious that i have some deadly colon stomach disease again, and i ve considered making an appointment with my gi to see if i can get an endoscopy colonoscopy, which he was very reluctant to do since i m 22 years old. this burping and nausea is just so annoying and depressing. i had to go home from work because of it. i ve been combating the vomiting well so far. breathing sort of helps with nausea, as well as chewing gum and ginger ale. however, they haven t been as effective as before. my mind is going through so many possibilities of what this could be hiatal hernia, gerd, postnasal drip from my nose problems, a general ibs flare up, a stomach ulcer, my stupid anxiety, or something worse. it s just so fucking scary. the only thing that makes me feel better is sleep. please, the best advice and or reassurance.
advice? tw self harm, bad thoughts? i'm not really sure what else, sorry so uh, i've been feeling down and really anxious for thr past few weeks. it's probably silly, but i cut myself a while ago snd i hadn't done that for a while so i think it's really getting a low point. and it's probably just because of my poor emotional regulation stuff, but i kinda need to get this out because i don't have anyone else to talk to about this. to start with, my academic workload's increased these past few weeks. i'm doing a research paper with a group, but it's just stressing me out. i'm um overthinking about how it would fail? or if i'm not a good leader and i'm affecting my classmates' grades because of it. it's just, well, the thought of it is always there, and i can't really get rid of it because it's not yet done. then there's this family tree project that we have, and i'm using my mom's family with it i'm not really close with my dad's side of the family, so i can't exactly switch to his family. uh the problem is, my mom has problems with her family, and i don't want to bring it up so i keep putting it off. i don't want to make her upset, and the thought of doing so is just making me anxious. there's also the little things. exams, quizzes, presentations, etc. i failed a quiz for the first time in a few years and my teacher got upset about it so i'm kinda panicking and trying to review more haha then well my birthday's coming up. we had this whole catering thing going on, but there's been problems with the payment and stuff. mom made a mistake because she was outside when the manager asked for the payment, and she got really stressed because she couldn't get her money back. the manager hasn't exactly been cooperative, and they've been insistent on the payment, so yeah. mom got angry and kinda blamed me cause i was the one who liked the idea of the catering thing. i promised her that i would take care of it since it was mostly my fault since she didn't like it but i pushed, so i've been in contact with the manager and everything but the situation's still messy. it's just more stress? more anxiety. hooray, i guess. we're still not done with the preparations and stuff and i really want to help but i've been busy with school, and when i get home there's no time to go outside and get what's needed. it's stressing mom out, and i think that's part of the reason why she got angry, so i wanted to get this done. but i can't, and i have to wait for the weekends to actually be able to do stuff. there's also the scholarship tests, although i've already taken them. it's just making me nervous, because if i didn't pass then it would be difficult to go to college becaude my family isn't really financially stable. it's just pressuring me? i think? i'm having trouble identifying how i feel without wanting to break down lol it's also hard to fall asleep. i feel like the only rest i get is the minutes before i fall asleep, so i try to prolong it as long as possible. i think i'm afraid of waking up tomorrow because it just means that nothing's resolved yet and i just. yeah. uh, that's it i guess. sorry if this is all negative. if you have some advice especially about the sleeping thing , it's all welcome! thanks.
can't think of a suitable name for this post i have been blessed with the ability to freak myself right the f amp out whenever i think about a host of different topics... anxiety. now most of these topics ive been able to find categories for, and address in that way, by learning about those things, bettering my understanding of them, and really evaluating exactly what it is that im afraid of. for example, i am a hypochondriac, i have lived with health anxiety for as long as i can remember, but its very easy to find out what health anxiety is, you can easily find other peoples experiences, common coping mechanisms, potential causes for this anxiety, etc. this is the case with almost anything i find myself consistently anxious about. now, one of the darkest corners in my mind that i try to stay out of as much as possible, is one that i cant get a lot of information on, and because of this, i don't know how to move forward in addressing this. this anxiety fear is triggered by thoughts of existence, reality, the thought of consciousness... trying to wrap my mind around what it is that i'm experiencing just by being alive in the first place. a good example thought of this would be this whether you are reading this on a computer or phone or tablet... stop and take a second to think about what is between your eyes reading this, and the screen infront of you, now i don't mean the air, pollen, dust, particles etc. that occupies that space, but the f ing space itself. how? why is that there? what is that occupying? how did it get there? i experience symptoms of derealization depersonalization disorder that i've observed are closely related to my thoughts like this, hell i believed when i was 17 until 20 i was falling into psychosis due to my relentless obsessing over the unanswerable. its not even one specific mind f that does this to me, it's the combination of all of them that represent what we call reality or existence that i cant tune out, and the more i try to research these things in my life, the more questions that are left unanswered. i can barely hold conversations with people because of how often i just go blank, returning to being consumed with mulling these things over, in the middle of conversations. i feel like most people are able to just curb these thoughts as unimportant or just set them aside because there's no way to answer things like that at the moment. boy do i wish i could do just that. thoughts like this are 25 8 on my mind, i mean i dream about inexplicable things that could never be answered, and i wake up, open my eyes and wonder what is this plane of existence that i'm experiencing? how do i retain my persona, my memories, my trains of thought, all of my experiences after so many years? how do i face any interaction, any experience, any leaf that lands infront of me on a walk without my mind jumping to the probability of these things happening? and then wondering how i'm even able to question that in the first place? this has not been a mid life crisis, rather it has been a whole life drain. i have never been afraid of the 18 wheeler next to me on the freeway, yet i have always been afraid of the inevitable heat death of the universe. why am i like this?
i hate this stupid disease. my ha first manifested itself when i was a freshman in college. i felt a coldness in my chest on the way home for a weekend probably a flare up of the anxiety i didn t know i had, triggered after moving away from home for the first time, dealing with college life and new workload, homesickness, my parents moved from my respective childhood homes, first childhood pet died, etc . i googled my symptoms and that s where it all went downhill. heart attack. all of the sudden i was sweating, shaking, chills, feeling of doom, lightheaded, i truly felt i was going to die. to the point i told my mom not to be sad when i inevitably died. later that night i had a two hour long panic attack. i begged my boyfriend to drive an hour to where i was to take me to the hospital to which he obliged. i missed my sister s college graduation party sitting in the hospital getting laughed at and joked on by the doctors and nursing staff. did your boyfriend break up with you recently? , are you on your period honey? . subsequently that semester i went to the emergency room two other times. one doctor gave me an emergency script for paxil. never filled it. never wanted to. went to a cardiologist, my pediatrician, gastroenterologist, got an endoscopy, etc. i even slept at the foot of my dad s bed for a week because i thought he could save me if i died. turns out i m a perfectly healthy 21 year old, which is great until i started searching healthy 21 year old surprise heart attack and other similar things. the anxiety subsided after about 8 months. a few months later it resurfaced when i convinced myself i had bed bugs in my apartment. called the bug people 5 times, hired private bug people instead of my apartment ones , stayed with my mom for a few weeks, begged my best friend to move. no bed bugs. eventually i healed from that two and recently random itching and a few colds has convinced me i had lymphoma. a headache recently convinced me i had brain cancer or ms. a bruise on the back of my leg has convinced me i have a deep vein thrombosis for the last three weeks. my anxiety has caused me to have a slew of unimaginable physical symptoms arm and leg pain itchy skin chest pain tingling numbness panic sweating shivering rashes stomach pain twitching muscles headaches heavy head pins and needles back pain joint pain susceptibility to more colds and flus mood swings fatigue lack of appetite increased appetite missed periods i hate this terribly debilitating disease. a disease most people will never understand. convinced my family and friends don t believe me and don t trust me and don t take me seriously, convinced the doctors must be missing something, convinced i ll be that rare case that dies at 21 from a heart attack. the worst part? i ve been doing well, healing. taking care of myself. it always comes out of no where. three months of stress, no symptoms. a month later it all catches up to me. when will i stop being a slave to health anxiety? checking, poking, prodding, literally self inflicting bruises all over me from constantly pressing on my body parts to check them for changes, pain, sensations. please give me your success stories and small victories
health anxiety makes everyday tasks so difficult some background about my health anxiety history i ve had severe health anxiety intermittently since my teens. most often i am preoccupied with my heart. my heart rate has always jumped up quickly 180ish bpm with minimal exercise or even at times of rest, but my resting heart rate is usually 45 55 bpm. i mention numbers just because my heart rate is a little atypical but i have been checked out by cardiologists so many times over the past 15 years, always with the reassurance that i am fine. most recently, this past summer i wore a 30 day holter monitor where they would measure my episodes of high heart rate. they also did a stress test, numerous ekgs, etc. they confirmed i had periods of sinus tachycardia, but it was normal rhythm and said i was healthy. they said the heart was appropriately responding and was likely beating fast because of anxiety which i don t think is the whole story, i think i have a food allergy which can trigger it, but that s beside the point. . they gave me a low dose of beta blockers to take as needed for comfort anxiety, but promised i wouldn t have a heart attack, with or without the pills. anyways, to bring my story to today, i ve been putting off doing laundry for far too long. im embarrassed to admit i have been buying new clothes to prolong my laundry chore. the issue is in my apartment i have to carry my laundry down a few flights of stairs, outside and into another building. after it s clean i have to carry it again outside and then up a few flights of stairs. the laundry basket is heavy and my heart races so fast when i do this, and i panic. i just did a load and i could feel my heart beating out of my chest. i sat down with a glass of water and within 60 seconds my heart rate was back in the 70s. i remind myself that my stress test was normal , even when they brought my heart rate to 190 for several minutes. but i am still so freaked out. i have several more loads to do and i m so afraid. i know part of the answer is that i am incredibly out of shape and weak. this is not coincidence i am extremely avoidant of anything that raises my heart rate , and am terrified of exercising. i stopped wearing my fitbit a few months ago at the urging of my therapist because i obsessively measured my heart rate and was even afraid of standing up walking i believed if my heart rate went above 80 it would trigger a heart attack. taking off my fitbit was one of the scariest things i ve done but now that it s been a few months i feel so much better. i do my best not to measure heart rate now and have been going on more walks, but lifting anything makes me feel my heart rate and i can t ignore it. i just feel so stuck and like i can t keep up with basic chores. i feel like a failure of an adult. i don t know what i m asking for, this is mostly a rant. i ve been lurking this subreddit for months and it s brought me a lot of comfort. health anxiety is such a difficult illness but this community helps me feel less alone. tldr my health anxiety is about my heart rate heart attacks. basic chores like laundry elevate my heart rate and cause panic and avoidance. feel like i can t keep up with life.
i have health anxiety and one of my worst fears came true. my bf found out he has a rare genetic disorder that has a 50 chance to be hereditary. where to go from there without going too crazy? i have ha and one of my worst fears came true. my bf found out he has a rare genetic disorder that has a 50 chance to be inherited. we're commited and planning kids in the future. i freak out over a fuckin cough and this is driving me crazy. for me, the worst part is that my boyfriend is an absolute flegmatic and works on don't think about what you can't solve approach. i almost broke down when he brought the results home and he was just like... we'll see what to do when it happens, it's not like there's something we can do about it and then i saw in the report that they offered him an assisted reproduction option when we'll want kids and asked him if he'll want to go down that route and he said dunno and it was obvious that he's not too excited about it . but, like, how can you even think about risking 50 chance of it being inherited by our child??? it drives me absolutely bonkers. why would you even be willing to risk it when there is way safe option that is not that natural but would ensure that we'll have a thriving, healthy baby? and especially when the other alternative is pretty miserable, both physically and mentally? we've been together for years and at this point i know him. i know he only seems to not care because he has a hard time explaining and showing his emotions. i also know i am being terribly, terribly unfair towards him for feeling frustrated at him. he just found out something so crucial! he needs time and space to deal with it and he needs my support. instead i am the one demanding emotional support from him i am demanding it only here don't worry, i don't plan to freak out on him while he's going through this . i don't understand why i am being so selfish when usually i put others first automatically. but most stress inducing thing about it is, he mentioned some of my health issues to the genetic center and now they want to see me too because they have a small suspicion that there might be something from my side too. of course, i googled the signs of what he has and, well, i am not surprised they want to see me, i check all the boxes, even skeletal malformation. what's keeping me sane is the knowledge that the disorder is incredibly rare and that neither of my siblings show any obvious signs of it. that in itself should logically be enough to reassure me that i am fine, but my brain refuses to accept it. i feel like someone took me, stuffed me into a washing machine and turned on a turbo wash. and i want to scream. aaaaaaaaaa whew, thanks you for letting me get it all out. i really need to find therapist again, and my man is coming with me this time. anyone has any experience with micro deletions in their family? or has anyone gone through anything similar? how did you manage to calm yourself down while waiting for the doctors to set up the appointment run the tests? i heard it can take half a year to get an appointment, and then half a year till they tell you your test results. how did you survive for this long with this uncertainty?
i am literally at my breaking point. i seriously don t know what to do or even where to begin with all of this. please bear with me, i know i m likely going to be all over the place. ok, for starters i am a 38 year old female with a pretty lengthy history of health anxiety, regular anxiety if it s anxiety related, i probably suffer from it. i worry about everything. it s as if i just get a simple thought in my head i have to run with it to the extreme. i have had every disease imaginable. ms, multiple types of cancer, the list could go on forever.... i see a psychiatric np who has tried to put me on some different medication, which i cannot take. once i read the side effects forget it. all bets are off and i just suffer. i do take a low dose of xanax, which helps me in the midst of a really bad time, but i haven t taken anything long term. i ve seen therapists in the past and to be honest they were not that helpful. i assume just not the right fit or whatnot. usually when my ha hits it will last for a couple of weeks or so and then i get over whatever my problem is at that time. i ll do ok for a while and then it ll dawn on me that, wow, i ve been feeling pretty good lately! that s when my brain is like here, hold my beer . then all fucking hell breaks loose... which leads me to today. i ve been having stomach issues for a while now. a variety of symptoms that are all over the place. i went to my gp who did bloodwork. according to them, it was normal . i saw a gastroenterologist yesterday who isn t overly concerned, but we re doing an ultrasound and an endoscopy to just rule stuff out. great. when i was at my gp appointment she asked me a bunch of questions. blood in stool? no. night sweats? no..... wait, after i thought about this i realized i do get night sweats sometimes. it s not all the time, but it s definitely happened a handful of times that i can remember. like pretty bad too. of course i didn t tell her this because by the time i remembered i was long gone. what could night sweats possibly mean? don t worry dr. google to the rescue. lymphoma, leukemia?! wtf. now i m losing my mind with worry. next up. i have this weird hard area in my mouth. looks like a mandibular tori. of course i m freaking out about this too. i go to the dentist religiously and i m going to call them monday morning just to make sure but in the meantime i m seriously losing it. i m so concerned about my mental health. i need help. the only good thing about any of this is... i took half a pill of the lexapro i was prescribed that has been sitting on my nightstand for the last 6 months. i know it s not doing anything right now, but i at least took it which is a huge step for me. all i can do is hope for peace and try to find a way to enjoy my life. i want to live! i am just debilitated and heated down by my anxiety. if it even is anxiety and not some terrible disease after all. honestly, i just want to know i m not alone in the way i feel. and i feel completely and utterly alone. nobody understands. if you suffer from ha, or my ridiculous story is at all relatable to you, please by all means i would love to hear what you have to say. i just want to feel better. thanks
i am literally at my breaking point. i seriously don t know what to do or even where to begin with all of this. please bear with me, i know i m likely going to be all over the place. ok, for starters i am a 38 year old female with a pretty lengthy history of health anxiety, regular anxiety if it s anxiety related, i probably suffer from it. i worry about everything. it s as if i just get a simple thought in my head i have to run with it to the extreme. i have had every disease imaginable. ms, multiple types of cancer, the list could go on forever.... i see a psychiatric np who has tried to put me on some different medication, which i cannot take. once i read the side effects forget it. all bets are off and i just suffer. i do take a low dose of xanax, which helps me in the midst of a really bad time, but i haven t taken anything long term. i ve seen therapists in the past and to be honest they were not that helpful. i assume just not the right fit or whatnot. usually when my ha hits it will last for a couple of weeks or so and then i get over whatever my problem is at that time. i ll do ok for a while and then it ll dawn on me that, wow, i ve been feeling pretty good lately! that s when my brain is like here, hold my beer . then all fucking hell breaks loose... which leads me to today. i ve been having stomach issues for a while now. a variety of symptoms that are all over the place. i went to my gp who did bloodwork. according to them, it was normal. i saw a gastroenterologist yesterday who isn t overly concerned, but we re doing an ultrasound and an endoscopy to just rule stuff out. great. when i was at my gp appointment she asked me a bunch of questions. blood in stool? no. night sweats? no..... wait, after i thought about this i realized i do get night sweats sometimes. it s not all the time, but it s definitely happened a handful of times that i can remember. like pretty bad too. of course i didn t tell her this because by the time i remembered i was long gone. what could night sweats possibly mean? don t worry dr. google to the rescue. lymphoma, leukemia?! wtf. now i m losing my mind with worry. next up. i have this weird hard area in my mouth. looks like a mandibular tori. of course i m freaking out about this too. i go to the dentist religiously and i m going to call them monday morning just to make sure but in the meantime i m seriously losing it. i m so concerned about my mental health. i need help. the only good thing about any of this is... i took half a pill of the lexapro i was prescribed that has been sitting on my nightstand for the last 6 months. i know it s not doing anything right now, but i at least took it which is a huge step for me. all i can do is hope for peace and try to find a way to enjoy my life. i want to live! i am just debilitated and heated down by my anxiety. if it even is anxiety and not some terrible disease after all. honestly, i just want to know i m not alone in the way i feel. and i feel completely and utterly alone. nobody understands. if you suffer from ha, or my ridiculous story is at all relatable to you, please by all means i would love to hear what you have to say. i just want to feel better. thanks
my progress, how i learned to live and progress with my anxiety. i ve had anxiety for years, since i was very young, i remember being afraid of everything and having phobias of germs, getting sick, heights, flying, driving, certain foods, etc. i was constantly scared as a child and eventually as i went off to college when i was 16 i slowly learned to live with my anxiety. i tried new things, i slowly came out of my shell. when i hit 34.. everything came to a head, i had gone through a major divorce at 33, lived through covid under constant fear, i was diagnosed with pcos, was moving across the country in may and was the heaviest i had ever been may 2022. by august 2022 i had lost 70lbs in almost two months because i was so afraid to eat i was basically crying every single day. i couldn t eat and refused to, my emetophobia was so strong i could barely move everyday. i was in the er multiple times, having procedures and ct scans done and no one could find out what was wrong with me. it was then that i finally decided that i needed medication, i talked to a psychiatrist for the first time. i felt like a failure, i had been through so much but i couldn t break this fear and horror of food. therapy wasn t helping and i had been so afraid of food that no one could get me to eat more than a bite or two for a whole day. i was prescribed medication because one of its side effects was to rise my appetite, and at first it didn t work. i felt again, so defeated and exhausted. they put me on a higher dose.. and after a few weeks, i felt hungry. i had cravings again. i felt like finally eating and i was so famished, i finally ate a piece of pizza because the cheese looked so good i couldn t not eat it. september 2022 i decided to start going to the gym, i was scared at first, i only would go in for 20 minutes 3 times a week. i was so weak, i had lost all my muscle starving myself. october 2022 i went to the gym for the first time for an hour. i went up to the free weights and was discouraged, but then watched some youtube videos and started building workouts. i walked my first mile without pain. i was eating 1,800 calories a day. i wasn t as afraid. november 2022 i ate out at a restaurant for the first time in months! i had nachos and they were delicious. i wasn t afraid! i had my colonoscopy and they found ibs and colitis. i finally had answers to my stomach pains. december 2022 i made a big christmas dinner with my partner and roommate and i ate a full meal! i was now lifting at the gym 5 times a week. january 2023 i travelled out of the state on a plane! i ate out almost everyday! i enrolled back into school for my masters. february 2023 to now i workout 5 days a week and i walk 2 3 miles every single day. i keep my body on a routine for my chronic illnesses and i eat a focused healthy diet everyday. some days are still hard, some days have anxiety.. some days my stomach hurts and i have flare ups randomly. but every bad day has five times better ones. i focus on the positive, i try not to be afraid of anything anymore. and even if i am? i remember it can t hurt me, and i ll be okay tomorrow. i wish everyone the best of luck in your journey and recovery
why do i feel weak and sick all the time? freaking out for a month now. bloodwork uralysis results https imgur.com a divybwv please click on the images and expand them before claiming they are too blurry to read. thank you. bilirubin was elevated, but he said it was just gilbert's syndrome? he is my new family doctor canada . old family doctor would have done all sorts of clinical examination feeling abdomen for things, listening to abdomen with stethoscope, neurological testing etc. , but new doctor barely looks at me. daily fatigue began last march, improved somewhat in september, then worsened again in january. i've been experiencing the following symptoms for the past month muscle weakness hands and legs feel shaky and uncoordinated, worried i'm going to drop glasses when i pick them up to drink, legs shake while i'm walking up and down stairs, etc. worsens with exertion. left hand feels weaker than right, and sometimes has pins and needles sensation. extreme drowsiness brain fog flushing in legs, chest, head, and what feels like rapid temperature fluctuations from cold to warm. lower left abdominal pain and discomfort. nausea and dizziness feel very hungry much of the time, often shortly after eating. gnawing feeling of hunger. seem to never gain weight despite eating 4 meals a day. mild urine retention due to tight bladder neck began 2 years ago, diagnosed via cystoscopy in november infrequent sharp pain near anus rectum very twitchy eyelids initially it was only my right eyelid, but now my left eyelid twitches as well as eyebrow and upper cheek on right side. stool is mostly normal , but undigested bits of food in stool feel like bowels aren't completely voided, but can't push the rest out. feeling goes away after wiping. stool sometimes broken up into large chunks instead of one long stool stool sometimes thin and stringy symptoms can be up and down, but mostly down, and seem to correlate with food on some level, although i can't figure out any meaningful pattern. i am unsure which symptoms are connected and which are not. the fatigue and weakness worsens with exertion, even just going for walks, making exercise difficult. i am a 30 year old male. i weigh 120 125lbs, and height is 5 6. i haven't had alcohol in over 4 years, and i've never been a heavy drinker. i eat reasonably healthy meals, and still maintain a reasonably high appetite in spite of these symptoms. most distressing symptom by far is the fatigue and weakness. can barely keep eyes open sometimes, and it can feel like i'm tied to a ball and chain. i had an ultrasound and liver workup, in addition to the bloodwork above, which were apparently normal . doctor believes i have somatic issues related to anxiety and refuses to do additional testing or refer me to any specialist. i cannot find a new doctor, because there is an extremely long waiting list for family doctors. while i begged him for more investigation he practically sat there laughing at me and told me to go find another doctor if i wasn't happy. i am worried, and my quality of life is suffering. should i just keep going to the hospital until they agree to investigate? what should i do?
why do i feel weak and sick all the time? freaking out for a month now. bloodwork uralysis results https imgur.com a divybwv please click on the images and expand them before claiming they are too blurry to read. thank you. bilirubin was elevated, but he said it was just gilbert's syndrome? he is my new family doctor canada . old family doctor would have done all sorts of clinical examination feeling abdomen for things, listening to abdomen with stethoscope, neurological testing etc. , but new doctor barely looks at me. daily fatigue began last march, improved somewhat in september, then worsened again in january. i've been experiencing the following symptoms for the past month muscle weakness hands and legs feel shaky and uncoordinated, worried i'm going to drop glasses when i pick them up to drink, legs shake while i'm walking up and down stairs, etc. worsens with exertion. left hand feels weaker than right, and sometimes has pins and needles sensation. extreme drowsiness brain fog flushing in legs, chest, head, and what feels like rapid temperature fluctuations from cold to warm. lower left abdominal pain and discomfort. nausea and dizziness feel very hungry much of the time, often shortly after eating. gnawing feeling of hunger. seem to never gain weight despite eating 4 meals a day. mild urine retention due to tight bladder neck began 2 years ago, diagnosed via cystoscopy in november infrequent sharp pain near anus rectum very twitchy eyelids initially it was only my right eyelid, but now my left eyelid twitches as well as eyebrow and upper cheek on right side. stool is mostly normal, but undigested bits of food in stool feel like bowels aren't completely voided, but can't push the rest out. feeling goes away after wiping. stool sometimes broken up into large chunks instead of one long stool stool sometimes thin and stringy symptoms can be up and down, but mostly down, and seem to correlate with food on some level, although i can't figure out any meaningful pattern. i am unsure which symptoms are connected and which are not. the fatigue and weakness worsens with exertion, even just going for walks, making exercise difficult. i am a 30 year old male. i weigh 120 125lbs, and height is 5 6. i haven't had alcohol in over 4 years, and i've never been a heavy drinker. i eat reasonably healthy meals, and still maintain a reasonably high appetite in spite of these symptoms. most distressing symptom by far is the fatigue and weakness. can barely keep eyes open sometimes, and it can feel like i'm tied to a ball and chain. i had an ultrasound and liver workup, in addition to the bloodwork above, which were apparently normal. doctor believes i have somatic issues related to anxiety and refuses to do additional testing or refer me to any specialist. i cannot find a new doctor, because there is an extremely long waiting list for family doctors. while i begged him for more investigation he practically sat there laughing at me and told me to go find another doctor if i wasn't happy. i am worried, and my quality of life is suffering. should i just keep going to the hospital until they agree to investigate? what should i do?
can someone please understand me and give me motivation! hello everyone i hope you re okay! so from january 24th up to know i have fallen back into my anxious state. it all started when i went to the big city in january i hadn t felt anxious in months and i love the city so didn t expect it. when i was walking off my train all the way down to the shopping centre i felt my legs and they didn t feel normal not weak but not strong and i was really aware of them and felt like my legs would just fail to walk and i d fall over. the more i walked the more i started to stress out it got to the point where i felt dizzy and a bit lightheaded cause i was panicking and boom it hit i m think omg am i going to pass out ! i started to panic and think maybe it was diabetes but i m a slim 22 year old male with no health conditions but in the moment i was panicking it was horrible so derealised and the fear of impending doom ! and then 3 days later i imagine because my nervous system was stimulated i was at my grans putting her bins out and for no apparent reason 0 100mph panic attack my legs instantly out of nowhere felt weak ish and shaky and so didn t my arms and i let out this big exhale and i felt off balance and kind of dizzy in my head i rushed out the house into the car and sat there for a minute and i was okay but walking from my car to the house again made it happen mildly. fast forward to today 20th of june i am still struggling with anxiety. not the instant panic attack weak legs. this is like a head pressure feeling kinda like i m tilting my head. anyway i get this when i go on walk and panic and think i m gonna pass out or fall over and then i think it s something serious. i am also getting. it in shops. although i have been in 4 shops the past few days just to ivercome this feeling. the past two times i had it very mild but made it without a panic attack and rushing out. b it because of this and headaches i want to say all my symptoms don t hurt and they aren t terrible they are 3 10 maybe 4.5 10 when panicking in terms of intensity but i still panic thinking i m gonna fall to the ground or pass out. how do i get over this because i m currently thinking i have a brain tumour. basically all i want is reassurance that it s anxiety and it s not high blood pressure had blood pressure check at doctors this year after walking there and it was fine diabetes i had general blood tests before and i didn t have diabetes i am also a slim male 22 brain tumour head pressure and headaches making me think. fairly certain i had similar dizziness years back when my anxiety was at my peak and my doctor kept telling me no brain tumour about 3 years ago. also i m scared of having low iron but i guess i just eat more iron and i ll be okay ? please let me know what you think. i have had 6 heart tests from three years ago up until now and it s fine! thank you in advance i am also starting to feel my heart rate again to check it and it s stressing me out and making me more aware of it! also need to mention i play computer games for like 4 hours a day and not that far from my monitor lol. could be this ? i am also on my phone a lot
do i have anxiety or schizophrenia? 18 male 5'8 caucasian no previous diagnosed medical conditions or medications but i think i have social anxiety and mild gad. no relatives that i know of with schizophrenia however my dad is adopted so i can't know for sure i know only a psychiatrist gp can diagnose me properly. i am asking here to see if it's worth to do so. for maybe half a year now i've had constant anxiety of having schizophrenia. it started with me being in school, walking through the corridor and hearing my name being called, even though i know i probably just misheard someone else talking. i went home and googled schiz symptoms, and since then have been constantly worrying about it.. other symptoms music playing in my head. can be hard to make it stop. sometimes when i ve smoked weed it feels literally impossible to make it stop. constantly repeating conversations in my head, or preparing for future ones. also, it feels like most of my thoughts are thought of as if im in a conversation, if you understand what i mean by that. auditory hallucinations ? heard my name being called a couple of separate times when walking around town amp in school. however, one time at a night club it happened like 5 8 times in one night, was quite drunk amp anxious the day evening before . it's not in a distinct voice, its just someone else next to me who's talking about something completely different, and my brain just misfires and i hear my name instead.. also, idk if it counts as hypnagogic hallucinations but when i meditate i, a random word or sentance can pop up in my head, but it can be in a different voice than my own inner monologue often someone i know. however it really doesn not feel like a voice talking to me, more like intrusive thoughts that are in the voice of someone else but i m the one thinking?, its not loud or anything quite often, several times a day, when seeing some random person on the street i recognize someone i know for a split second then i realize it wasn't them. saw some interview with a dude with schiz who said this was one of his first symptoms but with cars poor control of my inner monologue. i tend to overanalyze every single thought that i have. because of this i have somehow caught the habit of thinking would someone with schizophrenia do this, or does this mean i have schizophrenia? seeing things out of the corner of my eye. slight sensation that people in school might be talking shit about me however like 2 seconds after that happens i realize how ridiculous it is i have smoked quite a lot of weed the last 2.5 years but lately have not been smoking much at all. it tends to make my anxiety worse and hyperactive the last time i smoked when i was walking home i was paranoid about anyone looking at me through windows and when i walked past 2 guys i was convinced they were talking about me. no delusions, paranoia when sober , depersonalization, social life is good etc. i feel ''sane'' but can not stop having thoughts of schizophrenia. what do you guys think? i posted a similar post in r askdocs and r schizophrenia and most of them said i'm fine, but i'm still extremely scared.
health anxiety is ruining my life. so it all started getting worse when about three weeks ago i accidentally got hit in the forehead with a soft car seat... i wasn't knocked out or anything, a amp e said i had no serious injuries, no bruise etc. my health anxiety's like, well how do you know you're fine, you should see a doctor again so that nothing new has come up. i go to the doctor, i phone two different doctors and they tell me i don't have any signs of a serious head injury... i end up freaking out a few days later because of persistent headaches and feeling spaced out, so i go to the a amp e again, a different doctor gives me a neurological examination and tells me i don't have any serious injuries and should be more concerned about my anxiety. then out of nowhere one of my relatives has a heart attack and is in hospital he's fine and well now and i start to worry. a few days after visiting him, i'm at my boyfriend's house and lying in bed... i'm getting these headaches that have lasted about a week now as well as a sudden pain in my arm and chest, and become totally convinced that i'm having a heart attack or a stroke. it doesn't help that i was starving myself because i was so stressed out i had lost half a stone in the space of a week. i thought that i was dying because i hadn't eaten and was having heart problems because of this. so now my ha brain thinks i've had a stroke twice without noticing or being diagnosed and that i have a damaged brain and that i also might have a brain tumour. i've not been able to smell or taste things as well since i got a minor bump on the forehead, but it's quite possibly the case that my anxiety is convincing me i have these symptoms... so i've remained in this constant heightened state of numbness because of my anxiety believing that i have some sort of serious condition... i was even at an audiologist because i believed that a visit to the cinema had permanently damaged my hearing, everything was fine and he said i had no hearing damage... i go to the doctor again because of my severe anxiety she tells me that all of my symptoms headaches, ringing in ears, loss of sense of smell are being caused by my anxiety. she prescribes me with propranolol... naturally i look up the side effects and become terrified to take the medication. just today, i started getting a headache and was convinced i was taking a stroke again. i've became kind of emotionally numb now because i'm constantly ruminating about what could be wrong with me health wise. i can't even enjoy things anymore because my ha goes, well maybe you can't enjoy that or feel much emotions or think about that the same way as you did before because you have brain damage caused by an undiagnosed tbi or a stroke. i can't pay attention to things. it doesn't matter what the doctors say, after a few hours i'm always convinced that they're wrong and that there's a serious problem with my brain and they haven't been able to find it yet. i'm so sick of this. can anyone else relate? how do you convince yourself that there's nothing seriously wrong with you?
worried about my gallbladder.... i'm 25, 21 bmi, not super active but i've been good about eating whole foods and fiber though i've had a bad sugar habit. i'm also on an oral contraceptive tri lo sprintec and i cut my calories to 1,000 for a few weeks to lose weight. that, plus my irregular eating habits and tendencies to skip meals, puts me at risk for gallstones i think. last sunday i noticed i had some really sharp pains on my right side under my ribcage. this isn't totally abnormal , i have had this before, but this time it was much sharper and deeper than normal . it lasted like a minute or so and happened a few more times but it wasn't anything serious just left me feeling a little chilly. but for whatever reason, my brain was immediately thinking that's gallbladder pains and i got worked up. for the rest of the week, i've been panicking every time i've had a pain or sensation in the area which has been fairly often, making me wonder if it's psychosomatic or if something is actually wrong. i've had some pangs radiate into my shoulder and my arm as well, convincing me even more it's my gallbladder and not me panicking. tmi but i also had some considerable gas and bloating throughout the week, and i woke up more nauseous than normal most morning and i've had indigestion and stomach pains a bit after eating as well. i stopped eating stuff with a lot of fat and sugar in hopes that i wouldn't have an attack worse than what i experienced sunday in fact i cut out fat almost completely, i've been too afraid to eat it. i went for a checkup on thursday and my doctor ordered bloodtests and an ultrasound on my upper right quadrant. i haven't gotten the results yet, but i got a call from someone at the clinic a day after about information that my doctor wanted to share with me, but it went to voicemail and when i called back immediately after they never answered just to add to my worry! and now to add even more to my worry, my urine is darker than normal , which is another sign of gallbladder dysfunction i've read about... though i did have beets for lunch ... i've been panicking about this for an entire week, and i know it's nothing to really be stressed over...i've changed my diet as much as i could and i'm getting everything taken care of, but i'm terrified of having another attack or something awry happening in between now and my blood results ultrasound. and i'm scared for many reasons of having my gallbladder out...i've never had major surgery and i've heard about chronic digestive issues people have after they get it removed...thought that definitely sounds better than having an infected gallbladder explode inside of you. just wanted to vent...i've had to keep myself off of the internet because i kept psyching myself out more and more and i think it may have ended up giving me more symptoms . i've been so doom and gloom over this and i normal ly can convince myself to relax even when i'm worried about something being wrong with me, but this time i haven't been. don't know if it's intuition or what.
worried about my gallbladder.... i'm 25, 21 bmi, not super active but i've been good about eating whole foods and fiber though i've had a bad sugar habit. i'm also on an oral contraceptive tri lo sprintec and i cut my calories to 1,000 for a few weeks to lose weight. that, plus my irregular eating habits and tendencies to skip meals, puts me at risk for gallstones i think. last sunday i noticed i had some really sharp pains on my right side under my ribcage. this isn't totally abnormal, i have had this before, but this time it was much sharper and deeper than normal. it lasted like a minute or so and happened a few more times but it wasn't anything serious just left me feeling a little chilly. but for whatever reason, my brain was immediately thinking that's gallbladder pains and i got worked up. for the rest of the week, i've been panicking every time i've had a pain or sensation in the area which has been fairly often, making me wonder if it's psychosomatic or if something is actually wrong. i've had some pangs radiate into my shoulder and my arm as well, convincing me even more it's my gallbladder and not me panicking. tmi but i also had some considerable gas and bloating throughout the week, and i woke up more nauseous than normal most morning and i've had indigestion and stomach pains a bit after eating as well. i stopped eating stuff with a lot of fat and sugar in hopes that i wouldn't have an attack worse than what i experienced sunday in fact i cut out fat almost completely, i've been too afraid to eat it. i went for a checkup on thursday and my doctor ordered bloodtests and an ultrasound on my upper right quadrant. i haven't gotten the results yet, but i got a call from someone at the clinic a day after about information that my doctor wanted to share with me, but it went to voicemail and when i called back immediately after they never answered just to add to my worry! and now to add even more to my worry, my urine is darker than normal, which is another sign of gallbladder dysfunction i've read about... though i did have beets for lunch ... i've been panicking about this for an entire week, and i know it's nothing to really be stressed over...i've changed my diet as much as i could and i'm getting everything taken care of, but i'm terrified of having another attack or something awry happening in between now and my blood results ultrasound. and i'm scared for many reasons of having my gallbladder out...i've never had major surgery and i've heard about chronic digestive issues people have after they get it removed...thought that definitely sounds better than having an infected gallbladder explode inside of you. just wanted to vent...i've had to keep myself off of the internet because i kept psyching myself out more and more and i think it may have ended up giving me more symptoms . i've been so doom and gloom over this and i normally can convince myself to relax even when i'm worried about something being wrong with me, but this time i haven't been. don't know if it's intuition or what.
this is ruining my life. i need to make a change. title says it all. this is ruining my life and making me feel like life isn't even worth living. all i do is obsess and worry and browse the internet. i'm 27 f, and in the past week i have gone from worrying about brain tumours to ms to early onset parkinsons to liver cancer, blood cancer, meneire's disease, diabetes, and other illnesses. i've been like this my whole life. i don't even know why, but ever since i've been a kid i've been worried about my health. i was a semi sick child, but nothing life threatening or horrible. i have been seeing a therapist off and on since i've been 14 and it does help, though i haven't gone in a few weeks. 2 months ago i began getting vertigo. doctor told me it was an inner ear problem, and the whole thing made my anxiety completely spiral out of control. i haven't stopped thinking about whats wrong with me or worried about not being dizzy for longer than 15 minutes in the last 10 weeks. the room spinning vertigo is gone, i'm just left with some random dizzy spells and disequilibrium unsteadiness. i was convinced the doctor missed something, so they agreed to do some blood work and booked an mri. they don't seem overly concerned but said they will do it. i'm waiting for the mri, but just got news back from my bloodwork. apparently it's all normal expect for my b12, which is elevated cut off is 950 and i'm 1048 .. this is pretty unusual, since b12 is normally low if anything. i have been taking b12 supplements, so i'm going to try to assume that's what caused it the nurse told me about the blood results and the doctor has yet to follow up, so i don't know what to do about it besides stop taking the supplement but of course my crazy self went on google and found out high b12 can be indicative of blood or liver cancers and is really serious. cue freak out. i'm just done. i'm so done living like this. i don't know what the follow up will be for the b12, if anything, but i'm just going to be sitting here wanting to browse the internet in hopes of making myself feel better when in reality i never will. i will sit here and think about every bodily sensation and worry about feeling off balance, and worry about something sinister going on and picturing all the horrible scenarios that are going to happen and how i'm going to die young and suffer and leave my children motherless. amp x200b i just have to make a change. even if i do have blood cancer or liver cancer my current fear , there isn't anything i can do about it. it's not like worrying is going to make it go away, so why do i do this to myself? i can't do another day like this, searching for answers and being constantly scared. i've booked an appointment with my psychologist for this wednesday and i am vowing to myself to get off google and never go back on for answers. i don't know what else to do yet, but i feel this is a good start. amp x200b anyone people who have cured their health anxiety who have tips? or just any commiseration out there is helpful too.
pressure on head likely due to stress and anxiety, but knowing this doesn't make it go away. hey everybody, 20 yo male here. to give a little rundown for the past year or so whenever i have any sort of problem with my body i tend to assume the worst and can't stop thinking about the issue until i get 100 confirmed of the problem and that it is solvable. a good representation of this was in december i thought i was having heart palpitations, and it really stressed me out. long story short and a few doctors visits later, i had an ultrasound of my heart, and i passed with flying colors, where there were no signs of any problem with my heart. after that day, my heart did not flutter once and hasn't really since because if i ever start to get to that point, i remember the ultrasound and how good it was, and the problem will cease. more recently however, my lower right abdominal was hurting and after some googling which i know is bad for me but i still do anyway i believed it could be appendicitis. so i did my classic worrying and got some bloodwork done and a ct scan, and there was classically no issue to worry about. a few days later with some medication, the gut problems went away, but then i had my first nosebleed in a few years. i live in upstate new york, so this should not be an uncommon thing, but it spiraled into something very aggravating. this is where we address my current issue, which is a pressure on my head that is likely some sort of tension headache. the pain level in my head is extremely low, probably around a 1, but i can tell all the muscles in my neck shoulders are now tense. i have been doing my classic googling, and i'm certain that all these symptoms i have been getting are solely due to anxiety and stress, but knowing that isn't taking away any of the tension in my head. this problem has caused me to have trouble falling asleep, making me wake up in the middle of the night, and waking up much earlier than i would want to. last night it felt as though i just laid there and didn't sleep at all, but i'm sure i likely did. i am now on a more or less sleep schedule of trying to go to bed around 1 am, not being able to until 2 30 am, then rising for morning at about 7 30 am. this whole process is likely what is causing my stress, but is also something that is tough to conquer due to my stress. i have started to work out recently, and usually after hitting the gym i am feeling normal for a little while, but right when i wake up my symptoms manifest and it's back to this anxious version of myself. i am not sure what i am hoping to come of writing this, maybe i just want someone to tell me that what is happening is solely due to my stress anxiety so i can affirm that even further. or, maybe i want somebody to reciprocate with me and tell me they went through the same thing, and let me know how they got through it. right now it just seems like a constant cycle that is very tough to break, but i'm hopeful for the future. hope everyone has a great day, and thanks for any help.
woo! heart woes. i ve been dealing with bad heart palpitations since i was about 12 years old my parents always told me it was anxiety attacks, as they run in the family. in early february i had a bad anxiety attack with palpitations, which triggered about a 3 week period of time where my heart was just fluttering constantly, while i was laying in bed, trying to sleep, doing nothing, etc... i seriously felt like i was going to die, which then triggered a super intense depression like i d never felt in my life. i finally gave in and went into urgent care once i had enough, where the doctor did an ekg and measured my resting heart rate at about 136 bpm. they urged me to go to emergency, so i did, and 1,000 later they told me i was totally fine, my heart likes to jump around a lot but palpitations are normal and they recommended i start meditating. i don t doubt the constant fluttering was probably due to health anxiety since i felt so scared from it. i took their advice, started meditating, got a breathing app, and decided to find a heart rate app to measure my bpm when it happens, since i m never able to get into emergency when the palpitations are actually happening. it s been giving me a little peace of mind to see what s going on when i feel them and sometimes it s not so bad as i feel like it is, my heart rate is usually 90 110 bpm, seems okay enough. it also helps me just to have a visual of whats going on. anyway, after a couple more weeks of meditating, drinking lots of water and pulling myself out of my funk, i seemed alright again and convinced myself it s all in my head. today i was shopping, bent over to pick something up, and it triggered really intense palpitations. my heart was pounding so hard that my entire body was shaking. i kept trying to calm down but had no luck i remembered the heart rate app and pulled it out to see the severity of the situation. the app couldn t even measure it for a minute, i watched the lines squiggling all over the place extremely tiny and just bouncing everywhere. finally got a reading of 210 bpm, and so i sat and tried to calm down some more, and it finally slowed to about 160bpm, then about 10 minutes later i was back in the low 100s range. now its been a couple hours and i m comfortable in the 90 s. i m super tired now but i feel like i handled it like a champ this time. it s weird to experience a feeling like your heart is going to blow up but to have doctors tell you you re fine. what a fun time anyway, my sister says she knows of a cardiologist, i m going to see if they re accepting patients. i doubt i ll get in anytime soon, since all the doctors in my area are booked out for months, but it is what it is i guess. reading posts on this page and how other people deal with it has really helped me through all of this, so thank you everyone who s shared their heart related stories! i don t feel like there s any advice i haven t tried yet, but i still wanted to share my experience and get it off my chest!
woo! heart woes. i ve been dealing with bad heart palpitations since i was about 12 years old my parents always told me it was anxiety attacks, as they run in the family. in early february i had a bad anxiety attack with palpitations, which triggered about a 3 week period of time where my heart was just fluttering constantly, while i was laying in bed, trying to sleep, doing nothing, etc... i seriously felt like i was going to die, which then triggered a super intense depression like i d never felt in my life. i finally gave in and went into urgent care once i had enough, where the doctor did an ekg and measured my resting heart rate at about 136 bpm. they urged me to go to emergency, so i did, and 1,000 later they told me i was totally fine, my heart likes to jump around a lot but palpitations are normal and they recommended i start meditating. i don t doubt the constant fluttering was probably due to health anxiety since i felt so scared from it. i took their advice, started meditating, got a breathing app, and decided to find a heart rate app to measure my bpm when it happens, since i m never able to get into emergency when the palpitations are actually happening. it s been giving me a little peace of mind to see what s going on when i feel them and sometimes it s not so bad as i feel like it is, my heart rate is usually 90 110 bpm, seems okay enough. it also helps me just to have a visual of whats going on. anyway, after a couple more weeks of meditating, drinking lots of water and pulling myself out of my funk, i seemed alright again and convinced myself it s all in my head. today i was shopping, bent over to pick something up, and it triggered really intense palpitations. my heart was pounding so hard that my entire body was shaking. i kept trying to calm down but had no luck i remembered the heart rate app and pulled it out to see the severity of the situation. the app couldn t even measure it for a minute, i watched the lines squiggling all over the place extremely tiny and just bouncing everywhere. finally got a reading of 210 bpm, and so i sat and tried to calm down some more, and it finally slowed to about 160bpm, then about 10 minutes later i was back in the low 100s range. now its been a couple hours and i m comfortable in the 90 s. i m super tired now but i feel like i handled it like a champ this time. it s weird to experience a feeling like your heart is going to blow up but to have doctors tell you you re fine. what a fun time anyway, my sister says she knows of a cardiologist, i m going to see if they re accepting patients. i doubt i ll get in anytime soon, since all the doctors in my area are booked out for months, but it is what it is i guess. reading posts on this page and how other people deal with it has really helped me through all of this, so thank you everyone who s shared their heart related stories! i don t feel like there s any advice i haven t tried yet, but i still wanted to share my experience and get it off my chest!
my story of chronic chest pain and health anxiety six weeks ago i m26 was keeled over in bed clutching my chest. i felt a pain on my left side that felt deep and biting. it subsided shortly but since then i had what felt like a mass in my chest. i m not new comer to chest pain either. last year i was diagnosed with having pvcs preventricular contractions which are benign but ended up requiring me to get a halter monitor and echo. those results indicated my heart was fine. now, however, i was panicked thinking i might have a respiratory problem. i started googling lung cancer symptoms, bone cancer symptoms, the whole nine yards. one night, i had a full blown panic attack thinking i was going to die from what felt like a huge tumor growing in my chest. and that damn pain never went away, i paid attention to the tightness i felt in my chest all the time, it was inescapable. while at times i would be distracted and not notice it, a large portion of my day is spent studying and during those times of quite my mind would be drawn to the tightness i was feeling. i should also mention i m in medical school, so learning all of the pathologies that could happen to a person made anything i felt be drawn to the worst diseases i ve since come to learn. it was only last week that i actually discovered this subreddit, and i became sure my chest pain was related to anxiety. the anxiety of school, the anxiety of my chest pain, and the anxiety i had regarding my own mortality after a recent friend passed away. and what made it worse was that all of these things were acting as a positive feedback loop. for example, i d stress about an exam, which would provoke my chest pain, which would make me more anxious which lead to worse chest pain and on and on. maddening. even though i knew how incredible rare it would be for a young non smoker to be diagnosed with a disease like lung cancer, it was always where my mind went. in order to rule out actually having a physiological problem, i got an x ray done today and it came back negative for anything. though, i question if that was the right thing to do. i don t want to be a hypochondriac, and get needless and expensive tests done. and in some ways i felt like i gave in to my emotions. however, i d be lying if i said i wasn t much more relaxed knowing that my problem stems from anxiety, and not pathology. i write this only to say that chest pain is scary, but more often not a life threatening ordeal. i hope to calm those who come here freaking out about a symptom similar to mine. and while i still have the pain, i now understand it and accept it. our bodies are weird, and no one has the same body as you or will experience the same symptoms as you. my body likes to give me chest pains which are sometimes chronic, sometimes short, sometimes after a tough exercise. but after having run the gamut of tests, i m actually just fine. tl dr chest pain turned out to be nothing but anxiety after extensive testing. you re fine.
just a share i've been browsing here quietly for a good while and wanted to post just to share my ha experiences. i'm 29 turning 30 at the end of the month and have suffered from health anxiety for about 5 years now. my mom died from alcoholism when i was 16 so i think that is probably my gateway. in the last 5 years, i've had c. diff from antibiotics, been diagnosed as hypothyroid severely high untreated tsh after a pregnancy really caused some complications , had emergency surgery after gallstone induced pancreatitis though i had pancreatitis and liver blockages multiple times throughout a year and a half and during a pregnancy which weren't ever caught because i lived so close and got to the er too soon for anything to reflect in my lipase and liver tests and now have tachycardia that may be p.o.t.s but am in the process of cardiologist appointments to nail down the issue. i'm also possibly bipolar after having been prescribed paxil and it putting me into mania, though i stopped seeing my psychiatrist before he made a definitive diagnosis. scared of getting the diagnosis and then everything i experience from here on out being blamed on bipolar like doctors do now with my thyroid. my ha is ruining my life. i spend hours googling because i feel like i can't trust doctors after so many run ins with them where they said pancreatitis was gastritis and sent me on my way assuming i was some kind of drug seeker. because of my paxil experiences, i'm afraid to try any kind additional head med. i'm a mess, essentially, like many here. currently obsessing over the fact i've never had my cholesterol checked and every time i eat or drink anything other than water, i get fatigued to such a point that it feels like i'm drugged. husband is diabetic so i've been able to check my sugar levels and there's nothing unordinary there. i check my blood pressure regularly as well. the overwhelming, sedating like fatigue also comes with even minimal activity, which has also had me freaked out about heart failure. all my ekgs have been fine, though i'm not even sure that rules out heart failure. i've had iron tests, hormone tests though i still suspect hormones to be the underlying culprit , am taking vitamin d for a deficiency, thyroid hormone and t4 is in range... everything is normal . i was vegan for 6 months, quit smoking several years ago and very rarely drink. i tested positive twice for ana and one of the ss a or ss b tests for sjogren's autoimmune but my doctor still insists i don't have it, though another doctor at my clinic says i do because that's all you need... not sure how that works. anyway, sjogren's may also be a culprit in my potential reasons you're dying book. does anyone here have suggestions as to what helps them overcome their hypervigilance and keep themselves distracted from terrorizing themselves? i am in desperate need. also, if you have any mental illnesses that your ha piggyback's on, i'd like to hear your experience, too.
just a share i've been browsing here quietly for a good while and wanted to post just to share my ha experiences. i'm 29 turning 30 at the end of the month and have suffered from health anxiety for about 5 years now. my mom died from alcoholism when i was 16 so i think that is probably my gateway. in the last 5 years, i've had c. diff from antibiotics, been diagnosed as hypothyroid severely high untreated tsh after a pregnancy really caused some complications , had emergency surgery after gallstone induced pancreatitis though i had pancreatitis and liver blockages multiple times throughout a year and a half and during a pregnancy which weren't ever caught because i lived so close and got to the er too soon for anything to reflect in my lipase and liver tests and now have tachycardia that may be p.o.t.s but am in the process of cardiologist appointments to nail down the issue. i'm also possibly bipolar after having been prescribed paxil and it putting me into mania, though i stopped seeing my psychiatrist before he made a definitive diagnosis. scared of getting the diagnosis and then everything i experience from here on out being blamed on bipolar like doctors do now with my thyroid. my ha is ruining my life. i spend hours googling because i feel like i can't trust doctors after so many run ins with them where they said pancreatitis was gastritis and sent me on my way assuming i was some kind of drug seeker. because of my paxil experiences, i'm afraid to try any kind additional head med. i'm a mess, essentially, like many here. currently obsessing over the fact i've never had my cholesterol checked and every time i eat or drink anything other than water, i get fatigued to such a point that it feels like i'm drugged. husband is diabetic so i've been able to check my sugar levels and there's nothing unordinary there. i check my blood pressure regularly as well. the overwhelming, sedating like fatigue also comes with even minimal activity, which has also had me freaked out about heart failure. all my ekgs have been fine, though i'm not even sure that rules out heart failure. i've had iron tests, hormone tests though i still suspect hormones to be the underlying culprit , am taking vitamin d for a deficiency, thyroid hormone and t4 is in range... everything is normal . i was vegan for 6 months, quit smoking several years ago and very rarely drink. i tested positive twice for ana and one of the ss a or ss b tests for sjogren's autoimmune but my doctor still insists i don't have it, though another doctor at my clinic says i do because that's all you need... not sure how that works. anyway, sjogren's may also be a culprit in my potential reasons you're dying book. does anyone here have suggestions as to what helps them overcome their hypervigilance and keep themselves distracted from terrorizing themselves? i am in desperate need. also, if you have any mental illnesses that your ha piggyback's on, i'd like to hear your experience, too.
uncontrollable hiv anxiety new to reddit so i apologise if this post is a little all over the place! so i've struggled forever with anxiety. i'm a 22 year old girl, whole jadda jadda about troubled childhood, absent parents etc which i think has contributed to it. over the past 3 weeks i have been utterly destroyed with anxiety that i have hiv. i've been diagnosed with ocd and depression in the past, as well as always having intrusive thoughts and being convinced that i'm on deaths door after panickingly googling symptoms. so basically i met a lovely guy, we really hit it off, going on lovely dates every day for about a week. then, very out of character for me, we got drunk and slept together every kind of sex, for those interested . i barely remember it and the next day i knew we hadn't used anything because we couldn't even remember how we got home, let alone anything else. cue a panic just as we went out for breakfast the following day, and i asked if he 'had anything'. he said no, and seemed pretty offended. well, if he was offended by that, he was even more offended when i said i thought he had hiv and proceeded to pester him all morning about when was your last test? where do you have them done? how many people have you slept with? i physically couldn't eat for days, and i spent the next 2 days having to make myself sick because the anxiety was making me so nauseous. i was shaking constantly, waking up in the night in a hot sweat. in the end i spent 5 hours waiting in a amp e until 1am to get pep. i had to exaggerate to get it the guys parent's are ghanaian and nigerian, he was born in cuba, but i said he was ghanaian because i know there's a high rate there . i remember the doctor saying to me okay so there is some risk and i just started crying. i was exhausted and malnourished and felt utterly convinced at that point. the guy in question has been so lovely. he knew how anxious i was and he picked me up the following day at 7am to go to the local clinic to prove he didn't have anything. i'm currently taking pep. all my friends think it's hilarious how anxious i am, but honestly this anxiety is killing me. i can zone out for a good 10 minutes straight thinking about it. i'll think things like, what if i've actually got it from a previous partner? this guy has tattoos, would they test for hiv before that? what if he's taking me on all these lovely dates because he does have it and wants me to fall for him before i find out the truth? i had a blood test done at the end of january which was clear, and my blood test from a amp e was fine, and i tested negative for everything except a water infection. even then i was thinking what if the water infection is the start? i sneeze and convince myself these are the flu like symptoms. i see a spot on my body and i'm convinced that is the rash starting. does anyone else suffer with this? i'm scared that even if i get a negative result that my anxiety will continue.
i 28f health anxiety help. how did you get over it? health anxiety sucks. like, really sucks. i literally have no reason in my current life to be so down sometimes but i am and i hate it. i'm literally crying. my grandmother, two of her sons, and one of my female cousins have diabetes. my mom does not and neither does my 14 year old sister. i'm 28, eat relatively healthy but was pretty sedentary up until 3 weeks ago. i weigh 151.7 and i've started exercising 6 days per week 1 hour zumba super high intensity with plyometrics incorporated and have felt pretty great. i have remained at around the same weight despite all of this. i went out last thursday about a week ago and got drunk which i never really do. i rarely drink but i felt so terrible and i'm not doing that again. i was super dehydrated and felt like crap all weekend but i still went to zumba that saturday. out of nowhere, i start thinking about diabetes and now i'm freaked the heck out. i went through all of my medical records from the past couple of years to try to calm me down, fasting glucose at 96, at 78, at 87, most recent in december 2017 was 96. on 5 5 2016 my a1c with eag estimation was 5.0 and my a1c today was 4.9. i did eat a small tub of mangoes from heb and a green juice prior to my glucose test and that came back at 148. this was literally 10 15 mins after eating. i've had some random shooting pain all over my body for a while now, and for the past couple of days sunday i have cold feet i cannot warm up at all. granted, my whole legs hurt and they feel cold from my butt down. my muscles are pretty sore as i've been doing squats and jumping all over the place for an hour daily. i took a rest day today. i seem to find charts and charts about normal diabetic ranges but not normal non diabetic ranges for immediately post meal and that 148 is freaking me out despite of the a1c level. should i be worried? also, i started new birth control vienva generic for aviane and i think this may be causing the cold feet? and maybe the anxiety to go to extremes? i asked the dr. on nurx about the birth control and she said it's not a normal side effect of the medication although it is my experience that sometimes they aren't aware of all. my health anxiety started about two years ago with a diagnosis of h. pylori which has been resolved naturally as the flagyl and antibiotics caused the first ever anxiety bout i've ever had and continues today. i also had my gallbladder removed and then went to a gastro who said i didn't even need it taken out despite pain attacks. i've had ekg's, echo, ct of the pelvis and abdomen with contrast ad i was also getting palpitations. determined those are pvc's but i did not want to take beta blockers if nothing is structurally wrong with my heart. i just want to be the old me. three year ago me who gave no fucks about anything until that shit. tl dr is it diabetes or just health anxiety? help! i want to be the old me
haven t worked a job in a year and a half pitiful rant the last job i had was back in october 2021 doing low skilled it work at a hospital and i got fired worked there two months the longest i ve ever held a job . i m in my early 20s and it s embarrassing to admit that but it s true. i can t keep a job. i either quit after a short while, or in this instance, get chucked out. amp x200b since then i ve avoided work all together as all i feel is bitterness and shame. another deterrent is how i m not good at anything in particular. all i can get are shit jobs where i m completely replaceable. amp x200b i m too shy and anxious all the time, so talking to people is really hard. when i worked at a cinema it wasn t too bad because there were people my age and i felt good talking to them, but that job went to pieces because management hated me long story . amp x200b i m told to get a skill, but the idea of getting a trade sounds harrowing to me as i ve worked on construction sites and the people who work there are usually abrasive cokeheads who i really wouldn t get along with tolerate. amp x200b all i ve done for the past year is read, write, listen to music and occasionally socialise but i m pretty much alone now. i guess when you re socially isolated it s hard to really know yourself, like you can t test yourself much in a public setting so it s hard to truly know who you are. i find it hard sometimes. just thinking about what jobs would suit me, it seems impossible. i know what i don t want to do, but that s pretty much everything to be honest. the idea of working a job again, commuting, forcing myself to speak to people who i don t want to be around, and doing these mundane things feels like death isn t so bad. considering the sort of jobs i can get, which are garbage service jobs or low skilled office one s with high turnovers. amp x200b so i m stuck. i feel really trapped. the job centre is harassing me and i hate going in there as i feel like such a low life but on the same token i can barely afford the upkeeps for my car so i ll have to work some shit job soon i suppose. amp x200b i m not on medication or anything, i feel embarrassed typing this out. i m scared of telling anyone my problems as i was always told they re insignificant and i should man up even though the same people who told me that complain and talk about how bad their lives are all the time to me and never ask about how i m doing . so whatever. seeing a gp in this country is a joke anyway so there s zero point trying to get help anyways. i tried to be ambitious and maybe move countries but i don t even have any qualifications, like i don t have a degree so my options are very limited. i d love to move countries and just forget about how bad my life sucks here but i can t do that regrettably so i guess i ll have to accept my lot in life working these miserable hapless jobs until i eventually murder myself or go crazy
thinking of deferring law school due to mental health and burn out. really need advice and support hey all, for context i m 17f and in week 4 of 1l, so have just started law school. however, these past three years, but specifically last year was so hard on me. on top of enormous pressure and performing at a ridiculous standard in high school to get into law, my grandpa who had been battling with a brain tumour died 3 days before my first exam. these exams were the ones that dictated whether or not i d get into university. for some background, my grandpa was like my father to me. when i was younger especially, my dad wasn t home often as he was constantly working as a lawyer and would get home really late so i wouldn t see him. as a result, my grandparents looked after me and i spent countless hours with them, and still see my grandma every week. as you can imagine, his death was possibly the most devastating thing for me. seeing someone so articulate and intelligent being unable to move nor speak to you was so hard, but i had to push it all aside and after burying him in the ground, i went into school no literally, 30 minutes after the burial i had to go to school for final exam prep. anyways, this was in november of 2022. i got through exams, and for the first time in what felt like forever i felt happy at christmas. my mind was clear, i was surrounded by family and didn t have any responsibilities. i even managed to stop anti depressants for my anxiety which had been bad from 2020 2022 but especially ramped up in the period of his deaths to the point where i got through my days with whiskey and beta blockers. so i had a brief intermission of calm. i was happy for about 3 weeks till about february this year until it all came rushing back. anxiety, panic attacks, derealization. just like that put back on 10 mg of lexapro, which i ve been on for just under 4 weeks. the trigger? possibly university. being back in an educational context with such high stakes and workload such as law may have caused this relapse. but i decided i d push through, and have one to uni these past four weeks with the help of beta blockers. it s been probably one of the most difficult weeks since my grandpa died. exhaustion, unable to leave the house without terrible anxiety and just loss of ability to enjoy anything. i ve spoke to my therapist and he thinks i need a break from study and need some time to actually relax and process to allow my body o heal. besides the mental strain i ve been under, there s also been physical and health issues i ve been dealing with, being hyperthyroidism, and as of a week ago, iron deficiency. seems like my body wants me to stop, but i don t want to. studying gives me a sense of purpose, of validation. i guess all i ask for is for some advice please. this is a big decision for me and i really just want someone to talk to and hear me. thank you in advance
would you go to the doctor again? alright. this is a pretty long story... i haven't had a uti for about 5 years i'm a 27 yo f but about a month ago, i was in china and got one. went to the doctor to get antibiotics, took them for 5 days. 2 days later, i developed super intense middle super low abdominal pain that almost made me faint broke out into a sweat, couldn't stand, ears began ringing. went to hospital where they ran some tests and said the infection was still there, so they gave me another batch of antibiotics. these made me feel super ill every night btw, at this point, the uti stinging symptom is long gone and by the 5th night i felt sick af and was vomiting. went to hospital the day after and i still had the infection. so, 3rd batch of antibiotics. went to hospital the 3rd night because i was nervous i had a uti that lasted so long. they told me i still had an infection and that it was severe, so i should stay at hospital. didn't feel comfortable doing that in a foreign country, so i got on a plane to melbourne where i'm from the next day. dad picked me up and took me to hospital. i did indeed still have an infection so they gave me a new batch and sent me on my way i was asymptomatic at that point. 3 days later, i have muscle aches in my leg, i start feeling super weak, and my heart rate was really high 180 when i arrived at emergency shortly after being admitted, i developed diarrhea. doctor on duty thought i might have an undertreated uti, so they administered new antibiotic via iv. i was discharged the next morning. considering how long this uti lasted, i followed up and had a new urine test 8 days later last monday called my gp's office last wednesday and the results were normal yay! but was feeling worried because since tuesday, i felt ultra uncomfortable in that region down there. had an ultrasound on thursday and went back to the doctor on friday explaining my concerns. he told me my test results from earlier in the week were completely normal so it was highly unlikely anything was wrong. gave me some tablets they apparently usually give to old ladies with bladder issues. started feeling okay friday night and saturday. this morning sunday i woke up and started feeling the same horrible, sharp pain that almost caused me to faint in china. it's right below my belly button, but at the pubic bone and it's super fucking sharp and intense i've taken 6 paracetamol tablets today spread out but the pain hasn't completely disappeared. all this shit is making my hypochondriac tendencies go mental. it's almost 2 30am and i'm struggling to sleep because i feel so uncomfortable. i saw the doctor on friday, i know, but this pain is fucking intense. am i being paranoid or should i go back to the doctor tomorrow? i feel kinda stupid because he kinda laughed me off on friday too... but... i'd also rather be safe than sorry. what would you do?
would you go to the doctor again? alright. this is a pretty long story... i haven't had a uti for about 5 years i'm a 27 yo f but about a month ago, i was in china and got one. went to the doctor to get antibiotics, took them for 5 days. 2 days later, i developed super intense middle super low abdominal pain that almost made me faint broke out into a sweat, couldn't stand, ears began ringing. went to hospital where they ran some tests and said the infection was still there, so they gave me another batch of antibiotics. these made me feel super ill every night btw, at this point, the uti stinging symptom is long gone and by the 5th night i felt sick af and was vomiting. went to hospital the day after and i still had the infection. so, 3rd batch of antibiotics. went to hospital the 3rd night because i was nervous i had a uti that lasted so long. they told me i still had an infection and that it was severe, so i should stay at hospital. didn't feel comfortable doing that in a foreign country, so i got on a plane to melbourne where i'm from the next day. dad picked me up and took me to hospital. i did indeed still have an infection so they gave me a new batch and sent me on my way i was asymptomatic at that point. 3 days later, i have muscle aches in my leg, i start feeling super weak, and my heart rate was really high 180 when i arrived at emergency shortly after being admitted, i developed diarrhea. doctor on duty thought i might have an undertreated uti, so they administered new antibiotic via iv. i was discharged the next morning. considering how long this uti lasted, i followed up and had a new urine test 8 days later last monday called my gp's office last wednesday and the results were normal yay! but was feeling worried because since tuesday, i felt ultra uncomfortable in that region down there. had an ultrasound on thursday and went back to the doctor on friday explaining my concerns. he told me my test results from earlier in the week were completely normal so it was highly unlikely anything was wrong. gave me some tablets they apparently usually give to old ladies with bladder issues. started feeling okay friday night and saturday. this morning sunday i woke up and started feeling the same horrible, sharp pain that almost caused me to faint in china. it's right below my belly button, but at the pubic bone and it's super fucking sharp and intense i've taken 6 paracetamol tablets today spread out but the pain hasn't completely disappeared. all this shit is making my hypochondriac tendencies go mental. it's almost 2 30am and i'm struggling to sleep because i feel so uncomfortable. i saw the doctor on friday, i know, but this pain is fucking intense. am i being paranoid or should i go back to the doctor tomorrow? i feel kinda stupid because he kinda laughed me off on friday too... but... i'd also rather be safe than sorry. what would you do?
trigger warning i'm 17, i have ms, and i'm worried i also have colon cancer. it's been quite the rough year and i'll admit my ha wasn't as bad as it was after my family got the results from my first mri test. sure, i googled symptoms all the time, especially because one of my enflamed lesions was causing me chronic nausea for more than a month, leading me to finally start on my google journey again and begin to go down the rabbit hole of different problems i could possibly have. until i got double vision, i was almost convinced i had esophagus cancer. it was crazy. i googled stuff all the time, cried over things i might have, worried about it till i fell asleep. but i never really expected the new thing called ms i saw in passing was actually going to end up being me. it was crazy. every single part. and as you can already expect, it's fueling even more, even worse anxiety as i try to figure out some current bowel problems that have been plaguing me since my diagnosis last year. today i made it a job for me to find out what is going on. i've made my way up to taking 290 mg of linzess a day and still deal with constipation unless i decide to have a fun day out. i always have to go to the bathroom anyway, throughout the day, whether or not i actually end up going. i started having lower right, dull pain halfway into my newfound constipation and was told the linzess would help. it didn't. then we decided to try more. it helped for a week. i'm vaguely aware or trying to convince myself that drinking more water should help, because i'm supposed to with linzess or i risk becoming dehydrated, but its been hard to keep up with. tmi but, because i'm nervous and desire opinions, i must go on. my stools are pale and light a lot of the time. yellow or white mucus covers some of it and half of it floats, half doesn't... most times i go i bleed a little after, and this past time, quite a lot. a bright red glop of blood which just didn't seem right for what could've been a hemorrhoid or something else. i usually always feel some kind of discomfort or dull pain in my abdomen, across the lower side usually, and recently i even had a blood test taken that said my blood count was low. this may be because, for ms reasons, i'm trying to cut down on red meats and aren't getting enough iron... but it doesn't seem right. at all. all these symptoms line up. down to the anemia. i'm worried beyond compare of anything else before. nothing from anyone helps, because they're just repeating their words before my mri. i'm scared. i already panicked and cried, and called mom, and i'm going to tell my neurologist tomorrow to see what she has to offer in guidance. i can only hope i'm not this unlucky... getting two incredibly rare health problems for my age and form and everything else in the same damn year, even. i just don't even know where to start at dealing with this.
anyone else? hard thump from the heart as for a little back story, i m 22, and i used to smoke weed all the time. long story short, i got home from work one day about half a year ago, smoked what i then considered a normal amount of weed, and then was watching videos when i basically had a panic attack racing heart, thinking i m going to die, the works this was especially confusing because of the fact that nothing had changed or differed from my usual schedule. i had no reason to have anxiety over anything, and was in a happy place mentally, but, whatever. anxiety. it got to the point where i felt that way more and more, to the point that i started to feel my heart rhythm go crazy all the time, which then led to me visiting a cardiologist. they did every test imaginable and everything came back perfect, with the doc lightly suggesting i exercise a little more, but it s not super necessary. he said it was anxiety related and that i didn t need any meds, but prescribed me a blood thinner to take if my heart were to ever go absolutely crazy again. i never did take them, and it ultimately got better. i now do think it was me just tripping out in my mind. so fast forward and i have a different issue. during my stint of heart related anxiety, one symptom i got towards the end the worst of all was when i would lay down at night, or be any bit more tired than usual, my heart would thud extremely hard. it started with the occasional thud by itself, and as the days went on it became 2 thuds, 3 thuds, 4 thuds, all about 10 seconds apart from each other, increasing in force. it felt as if my heart rhythm would be thrown off, and then this thud came out of nowhere, and it was such a forceful punch of a feeling that it scared the hell out of me. i was a cigarette smoker at the time, and completely stopped. i also stopped drinking even occasionally, as these things are known to increase the chance of palpitations. it got to the point where i would even get these thuds when i just woke up, and right before i went to sleep, and they seemed to be triggered when i laid down, or bent over to tie my shoe or whatever the case may be. i considered the fact that my cardiologist said my heart was fine so i just tried not to think about it. it stopped eventually, for about 2 months. now they re back. in the last 2 weeks, this has occurred 3 nights now. i ve also noticed that a flutter thud of the same kind but to a much lesser degree happens when i take a deep breath sometimes, not always. again, when i m tired. i m wondering if this is worth another trip to the cardiologist, or if this is something others have experienced and gotten past themselves. i don t have health insurance so i don t want to go spend upwards of 1000 dollars to be told they re benign, although they feel like my heart will explode when they happen. does this sound familiar to anyone?
stressful, anxiety ridden past few months so, i just wanted to start off by saying that this community has really helped me to calm down by knowing so many others are going through similar things as myself. everyone is also so kind and helpful to one another, which is even more reassuring. i've always had a little bit of health anxiety since i was a child e.g. thinking i have appendicitis when i have a pain in my right lower stomach , but for the past several months, i have been in constant panic mode. it all started when i went to the ent in december, she removed the wax from my ears which i've had done before , and then a few days later i had intense ringing in my ears, a clogged feeling in my right ear, headaches, and dizziness. i was googling like crazy, which made things even worse. that ringing and googling led to, what i now know were panic attacks in which i was feeling disconnected from the world and having episodes of shaking, like the chills, amongst other symptoms. long story short and countless ent visits later where they didn't find anything wrong with me, i then went to the dentist who said i most likely had a tmj disorder as a result of grinding my teeth, which i thought would make me feel better. but obviously, it didn't, and i just started to get different symptoms instead. i have been having a random tic in my neck in which it will randomly slightly jerk my head. sometimes i get a little spazz in my leg or my arm as well, and a twitch that will last for a second or two in random body areas. i also have like a shaky feeling on the inside, which will sometimes lead to my fingers or toes being a little trembly. i recently have been getting floaters in my eyes, which i'm not sure if i've always had them and just never noticed, or if it's something new my vision has been bad for years . also, i randomly have visual snow, which i think i've also had for a while, but was never really concerned about until now. i feel like i am so hyper focused on my body and i just don't know how to get out of this phase. i am only 23 and i feel like i am going crazy. i'm in my last year of grad school right now, and currently doing an internship in a hospital for speech pathology. so, not only am i at a super stressful time in my life, but i am around these disorders such as als, parkinson's, ms, etc, and the fact that i see these disorders frequently, makes me even more nervous because they can really happen to anyone! i am caught between that 1st year medical school syndrome thing and going to the doctor to see if there is something to actually be worried about. i stopped googling my symptoms, which has helped a great amount, but this anxiety has not fully gone away. for anyone taking the time to read this, thank you. it is a little bit of relief being able to express my feelings instead of keeping them inside.
i'm so tired. i am 27 y.o, male, and i am so fucking tired. every goddamn day that i wake up i have a brief moment of calm before everything gets going. when i wake up, i am fine. 2 hours later i know that i am going to die in a couple of weeks. it never ever fucking goes away. being a hypochondriac, is going to either kill me from some fucking disease or it's going to make me kill myself. i have tried getting help from the psychiatric ward, and i was actually seeing a therapist for a couple of weeks before they said that before we can go on i have to start taking my adhd medication again. i said ok fine thinking that it would only be a couple of weeks before i could continue with the therapy sessions. it has now been over 3 months since i was in a session. it always keeps on getting postponed because a doctor quit or that there are many people waiting for a psychiatrist . i am so fucking tired of waiting, so fucking tired of worrying about disease x and disease y. the first time i started experiencing problems was this autumn. i went abroad and as soon as i landed i got a lot of problems with my stomach. constipation, dihareea. when i got back home i went to see a doctor who did a shit load of tests on me. couldn't find a single problem with me other than possible lactose intolerance. so i went to another doctor who said it was most likely ibs. after a couple of weeks the problems went away, until i was more or less completely normal . then i noticed i started loosing weight. my thoughts automatically went to a number of horrible diseases. i started eating more, and stopped taking my daily walks. which i started because i was told it was good for anxiety . when my dad came to visit the latest batch of problems started showing up. a lump in the throat. it feels like i have something stuck in my throat that i am trying to swallow all of the time. it's not present the first couple of hours after i wake up, but after a while it sets in. so i went to the doctor today and described my issue, and after an examination including blood tests and some stick in the throat tests, he said that he could not see anything. he mentioned globus , and i have read that that is connected with anxiety. i just can't seem to get it into my head that it is that and not something else. this is where i am at the moment. i am so tired of this constant worry all of the time, and i am so tired of going to the doctor every other week trying to figure out if i am going to die next month or not. it is so fucking exhausting... the only medicine i have at the moment is promethazine for my anxiety, and i don't really know if it is helping or not. i guess it helps a little, but only for a couple of hours. i am tired of this, and thoughts of just ending it and getting it over with are constantly lurking around. what the fuck am i going to do?
i'm so tired. i am 27 y.o, male, and i am so fucking tired. every goddamn day that i wake up i have a brief moment of calm before everything gets going. when i wake up, i am fine. 2 hours later i know that i am going to die in a couple of weeks. it never ever fucking goes away. being a hypochondriac, is going to either kill me from some fucking disease or it's going to make me kill myself. i have tried getting help from the psychiatric ward, and i was actually seeing a therapist for a couple of weeks before they said that before we can go on i have to start taking my adhd medication again. i said ok fine thinking that it would only be a couple of weeks before i could continue with the therapy sessions. it has now been over 3 months since i was in a session. it always keeps on getting postponed because a doctor quit or that there are many people waiting for a psychiatrist . i am so fucking tired of waiting, so fucking tired of worrying about disease x and disease y. the first time i started experiencing problems was this autumn. i went abroad and as soon as i landed i got a lot of problems with my stomach. constipation, dihareea. when i got back home i went to see a doctor who did a shit load of tests on me. couldn't find a single problem with me other than possible lactose intolerance. so i went to another doctor who said it was most likely ibs. after a couple of weeks the problems went away, until i was more or less completely normal. then i noticed i started loosing weight. my thoughts automatically went to a number of horrible diseases. i started eating more, and stopped taking my daily walks. which i started because i was told it was good for anxiety . when my dad came to visit the latest batch of problems started showing up. a lump in the throat. it feels like i have something stuck in my throat that i am trying to swallow all of the time. it's not present the first couple of hours after i wake up, but after a while it sets in. so i went to the doctor today and described my issue, and after an examination including blood tests and some stick in the throat tests, he said that he could not see anything. he mentioned globus , and i have read that that is connected with anxiety. i just can't seem to get it into my head that it is that and not something else. this is where i am at the moment. i am so tired of this constant worry all of the time, and i am so tired of going to the doctor every other week trying to figure out if i am going to die next month or not. it is so fucking exhausting... the only medicine i have at the moment is promethazine for my anxiety, and i don't really know if it is helping or not. i guess it helps a little, but only for a couple of hours. i am tired of this, and thoughts of just ending it and getting it over with are constantly lurking around. what the fuck am i going to do?
anxiety antsy 2 weeks post op septoplasty turbinate reduction need support hi all! first time poser here. i am a healthy 28 y o male who recently just had a septoplasty turbinate reduction 15 days ago. i am a very active guy and usually very chill and outgoing. for those of you who don't know what that is, it's for a deviated septum and you have splints up your nose for a week with a ton of congestion and basically can't do anything while recovering but sit at home i live by myself with family close by . due to the surgery, i was instructed to not be super active for 2 3 weeks i am a runner and take boxing classes . so far my nose and breathing feels fine and is healing normal ly, but the past few days i have been experiencing super anxiety restlessness antsy behavior that i have never experienced before in my life. let me explain a bit. 8 days ago i got the splints removed from my nose and had a minor complication the day after where my nose bled for 5 6 hours and i went to the er and they packed it with the most painful rhino rocket thing up my nose that was the most pain i have experienced in my life. i immediately saw my ent 6 hours later and she took it out and was pissed they didn't contact her it was 3am . she said everything looks fine and is healing correctly and gave me the number to call if anything like that happens so she can be contacted. i got relief that day and was able to take a nap sleep but the next day i got a migraine i tried to wait out that kept me up all night but ended up taking my imitrex to relieve it. a few days later i got oral thrush didn't know until the end of the day on sunday when my uncle told me what it was an not super serious with a swollen uvula where i felt as if there was something stuck in my throat and driving me crazy. on sunday i think everything just hit me at once not being able to workout, being cooped up in my house, the whole trauma of the bloody nose incident, the swollen uvula driving me nuts and not healing as fast as i wanted to, living alone with my dog, etc. i started pacing and my mind was racing to the point where i was like do i need to go to the er for anxiety or do i need to call my doctor? i have no history of anxiety depression and have never felt this way before. i am not even close to suicidal thoughts or any self harm. i was able to sit with my dad and talk for a few hours while watching the red sox then have sunday dinner at my grandma's with my whole family and that helped a lot and by the end of sunday monday i was feeling better though the oral thrush is still annoying . today i had some restlessness anxiety at work that started resurfacing again like on sunday but talked to a co worker who used to struggle big time with it for a bit. is this normal after surgery? any thoughts recommendations words of encouragement?
anxiety antsy 2 weeks post op septoplasty turbinate reduction need support hi all! first time poser here. i am a healthy 28 y o male who recently just had a septoplasty turbinate reduction 15 days ago. i am a very active guy and usually very chill and outgoing. for those of you who don't know what that is, it's for a deviated septum and you have splints up your nose for a week with a ton of congestion and basically can't do anything while recovering but sit at home i live by myself with family close by . due to the surgery, i was instructed to not be super active for 2 3 weeks i am a runner and take boxing classes . so far my nose and breathing feels fine and is healing normally, but the past few days i have been experiencing super anxiety restlessness antsy behavior that i have never experienced before in my life. let me explain a bit. 8 days ago i got the splints removed from my nose and had a minor complication the day after where my nose bled for 5 6 hours and i went to the er and they packed it with the most painful rhino rocket thing up my nose that was the most pain i have experienced in my life. i immediately saw my ent 6 hours later and she took it out and was pissed they didn't contact her it was 3am . she said everything looks fine and is healing correctly and gave me the number to call if anything like that happens so she can be contacted. i got relief that day and was able to take a nap sleep but the next day i got a migraine i tried to wait out that kept me up all night but ended up taking my imitrex to relieve it. a few days later i got oral thrush didn't know until the end of the day on sunday when my uncle told me what it was an not super serious with a swollen uvula where i felt as if there was something stuck in my throat and driving me crazy. on sunday i think everything just hit me at once not being able to workout, being cooped up in my house, the whole trauma of the bloody nose incident, the swollen uvula driving me nuts and not healing as fast as i wanted to, living alone with my dog, etc. i started pacing and my mind was racing to the point where i was like do i need to go to the er for anxiety or do i need to call my doctor? i have no history of anxiety depression and have never felt this way before. i am not even close to suicidal thoughts or any self harm. i was able to sit with my dad and talk for a few hours while watching the red sox then have sunday dinner at my grandma's with my whole family and that helped a lot and by the end of sunday monday i was feeling better though the oral thrush is still annoying . today i had some restlessness anxiety at work that started resurfacing again like on sunday but talked to a co worker who used to struggle big time with it for a bit. is this normal after surgery? any thoughts recommendations words of encouragement?
stomach related cancer hey guys....i've been having problems with my stomach lately, it started on september. basically, i had tons of things to do on my uni, got really stressed out and started feeling like my stomach, or better yet the area above it felt heavy. i started running by that time and i ran almost every day until the real winter kicked in around two month period . i also started eating more healthy and i stopped eating after 7pm for quite some time. while i ran i almost felt as if a weight was in my chest and as if it was jumping while i was running, so i visited my doc. in the meantime, i lost quite some weight. i was usually around 100kg 5 , and last time i tracked my weight i was at 83. the doc basically said it's all stress related and she took my blood, urine and stool sample. stool gt negative for h. pylori urine gt everything good, except high amount of proteins in urine i had wisdom teeth extracted and took antibiotics a week before, so i'm not sure if it's related to that, if anyone has something smart to say regarding this...please do blood gt all good she gave me a prescription for controloc pills proton pump inhibitor and told me to take them for two weeks at least. well, newsflah. i'm stupid. first of all, i started taking them and the situation improved. so i stopped taking them after around 5 days, forgot one day and figured oh well, if it doesn't hurt it's fixed. then, another period of high intensity workload on uni arrived and so did the pain. i started taking them again, but for a week and it improved a little. later i figured i won't be my own doctor and i stopped taking them, so for a while i felt just a minor annoyance above stomach, but nothing alarming or hurting so i ignored it. now, back to another high intensity period, my stomach is going crazy again, i google, telling myself not to do it, but hey, i said i'm stupid didn't i? the moment i read about bla bla cancers of this and that caused by gastritis i totally lost it. if i had these symptoms on and off, considering i didn't take my meds as i was supposed to, how bad did i fk up my stomach? could this half a year have made any permanent damage? i'm terribly afraid of well...pain, doctors, disease and death, nice combo, in fact so nice that it keeps me scared, but not scared enough to face my fear of doctors and operations. yesterday it was hell, i took 2x20mg acipan same thing as controloc basically and i feel a lot better, but my mind is still in a terrible place. i guess this turned out into a rant, rather than a question, but still... any comments are welcome. sidenote i read that the usual period of taking controloc or similar pills for such symptoms is at least 4 weeks, considering i didn't take even 1 4 of the given time, is it possible it's simply the gastritis coming back every time?
today's health anxiety level shakily taking temperature with a meat thermometer because i couldn't find a human one today i'd felt pretty okay honestly. minus my usual stressed out ness, a mini depressive episode, and being upset i slept in late, it'd be a pretty solid day! amp x200b that is, until the little voice in my head going hey you should google some symptoms, you know, its probably just a cold but just to be sure. so i looked up the fact i've been experiencing flushing in my face, and decided that oh god it might be rosacea, oh god what if its cushings before calming down and saying its probably normal. i noticed it wasn't just face flushing, my whole body felt warm, so i must have a fever, right? it makes sense, as i've been fighting off a cold for a while now. but then just to completely fuck up my day, my brain thought of that little key word that can send me spiraling sepsis. i looked up the symptoms for sepsis for the millionth time in my life. i took my pulse by hand and it was 100, i took it using two different apps and it was always above 90. that was one check off the list. i couldn't check my blood pressure because i couldn't go get the machine without alerting my family to my weird behavior, but i didn't think i felt like i had low blood pressure at the moment, but do i even know what that feels like? what if this is what it feels like? i switched immediately to the next test i could try, my temperature. i know i've felt my skin warm to the touch, but i'm naturally someone who gives off a lot of heat, but the heat on my face and neck felt abnormal but i needed to know how abnormal, so i tore up the areas where we keep health stuff that i could tear up discretely and found no human thermometers. it then hit me that we have meat thermometers! a quick google search didn't really say if they'd be effective for taking usual under the tongue temperatures but i'm sure it would work anyway. i cleaned off a thermometer and stood in the mirror with it under my tongue so i could see the display. the numbers slowly kept creeping upwards and the suspense was throwing me into a panic, that i must have sepsis, but how did i get it? oh gosh it must be the canker sore i noticed on that one part of my gums that have been swollen for a bit, that's it its because i don't brush my teeth after every meal bacteria from my teeth got into my blood and now i have sepsis and i'm going to die . and then the thermometer eventually plateau'd somewhere around 95.4 or so. and now i'm somewhat calmer but i just can't help still feeling weary . writing this all out here though has sorta helped me illustrate to myself how ridiculous it has been, which is much better than i've handled the fear of having sepsis in the past! so wooo to me
worried i could have contracted hiv at work i am a nurse who works in a doctor's office where we perform minor outpatient procedures for skin conditions. i was injecting a patient with local anesthetic lidocaine on the back. while injecting the lidocaine, all of the sudden a stream of liquid started squirting out of the cyst i was injecting, but only while i was injecting the anesthetic. it was clear liquid. it happened to squirt right on my mouth and lips. i was not wearing a mask at this point. i immediately wiped the area, and then went and told the physician who i work with, as i didn't know if it was just anesthetic that has come out, or was whatever the cyst was consisting of. he stated that he would be able to tell as soon as he got in there to remove it. he injected more anesthetic and he same stream of liquid came out of the same location. he assumed it was likely lidocaine the medicine coming out of a pore. i was surprisingly fine right after it happened, but now i am so concerned about any exposure to blood borne pathogens hep c and hiv, as i am vaccinated against hep b . i am not sure if i was exposed to blood, as it was only whatever liquid it was that splashed onto my mouth. i am concerned because my lips were dry and slightly cracked, and i had a small very small cut as well. being a medical professional myself, i understand how those diseases are spread, and i don't want to be unreasonable in my worry. there is just a part of me that wonders if there was blood mixed in with the fluid, as i was injecting anesthetic with a needle and there was some small amount of blood on his skin from previous pokes with the needle, and that the cracks cut on my lips could have been exposed to any virus. the physician stated he would be glad to have the patient and myself tested if i am concerned, but he does not seem too concerned himself. i know there is also no difference in testing the patient at this point or waiting to get tested myself in a few weeks, as the outcome would be the same. i am simply wanting to hear if anyone has any thoughts and wanted to vent. as far as i know, the patient was healthy and not hiv or hep c , though there is no way to be sure without a test. this is my first real exposure to any body fluids in my career, so i am very curious what others think or to get any advice on how to calm my mind. i am already planning to get myself tested in a few weeks once the typical window period of infection has passed. i know having the patient tested would be the easiest way for me to get quick results and relief from anxiety but i do not want to offend the patient, either. i am getting sick with worry! thank you in advance to anyone who responds. i appreciate you listening.
sudden death at any moment this is my first post on reddit, so i am unfamiliar with things work, however i am here out of desperation. over a week ago, i smoked a thc vape pen, a concentrated form of thc . i hadn't smoked weed in around a year and i generally do not like it. i felt nothing for around 10 minutes, then it all hit at once, and i became very nauseous, dizzy, began to sweat profuseley and breathe heavily, had a panic attack, and had to sit down to avoid passing out. i worried i was going to die. i now know that it was a normal reaction to way too much thc, called a greenout, and i recovered from most of the symptoms after a few days. however, while greening out , i felt a strange pressure under the skin of my forehead, and apparently a red spot formed there temporarily. most of the symptoms went away. however, multiple times a day, i feel a light pressure in my forehead still, and a few days after that, it spread to feel like it was behind my right eye too. no pain, just a light pressure that gets worse with exercise. i also feel foggy and dizzy, and have ear ringing commonly. i am here because i have an anxiety disorder, and have had major issues with health anxiety in the past, especially a fear of aneurysms. i forced myself to believe that my symptoms were a result of anxiety, but when they didn't go away, i went to the family doctor yesterday. i explained things to the doctor, and he wasn't sure what to make of it. he said it was likely a tension headache, but, in his words, wanted me to get a ct scan to make sure it's nothing like an aneurysm , though he highly doubted it. that made my fears worse. an aneurysm is one of my greatest fears. worse, i have to live with this fear for another week because they can't get me a ct scan until the 12th. the only thing preventing me from freaking out totally is the unlikelihood that i would develop one. i'm a generally healthy non smoking 21 year old male with no known family history of this on either side. the symptoms, while they are strange, can seem like those of an aneurysm, but they're too unclear for me to be sure, and could be a number of things. i am keeping in mind my past experiences worrying about health anxiety that came to nothing, but it's hard to overcome my fears and symptoms. this past week i have spent in constant anxiety, and now i'm too afraid to even walk up the stairs or drink tea or anything that might raise my blood pressure, because it might rupture an aneurysm. i think constantly about my own death and have trouble sleeping and eating. i know this makes it worse, but i don't know what to do. ive googled all this heavily i know, another bad habit and i can't find any explanations as to what's wrong with me.
health anxiety phobias i had posted this in the general anxiety sub, someone pointed me to this sub in the comments so i'm cross posting here i'm new here. i've suffered with anxiety for as long as i can remember, but it took an existential crisis for me to seek treatment about 10 years ago. i've been medicated ever since. the meds definitely help me feel more normal , but i'm never 100 without anxiety. it's still always there. i have some chronic health problems, and after suffering for years see a pattern here? i have finally gotten up the nerve to try to figure out what is wrong. for years i've told myself my symptoms are just anxiety related ibs, body pain, fatigue, extreme migraines, etc. it has now gotten to the point where i'm sick more often than not, i'm missing a lot of work and i'm not able to be a good mother or wife. i'm spending most of my time in the fetal position in bed. i'm in pain all of the time, sometimes so severe i can barely move. i'm losing weight without trying. i feel like i'm losing my grip on reality. the problem is, i am really freaked out by doctors and all the associated medical tests procedures. i have a gp who handles my anxiety meds, and i see her regularly, but i am awful at getting tests done and awful at seeing specialists .... even though i know logically that i need to go do these things to find out what is wrong with me so i can get better. in a moment of bravery, i made myself appointments with all of the specialists i've been told to see over the years... gastroenterologist, neurologist, rheumatologist, dentist and oral surgeon. i've gone to a couple of the appts and of course all of them want me to get tests done or bloodwork done. i feel paralyzed when i think about getting those things done. for example, i have orders for bloodwork. i just have to walk into the lab and let them draw blood.... super easy and no big deal. i have driven myself there 5 times in the last week and been unable to force myself to walk through the door to get it done. i break out in a sweat, panic, and get back in the car and leave. then i spend the rest of the day hating myself for it. feeling like an idiot because i didn't get it done. my gi doctor also ordered an ultrasound, which i forced myself to do i've had two kids and knew us were easy, so this didn't freak me out as much . however, she called me back to tell me that my us results are abnormal and that they might need to do a biopsy... so of course now i am absolutely freaking out. does anyone else have this problem? i feel paralyzed and terrified over the simplest things and hate myself for it. i need to stop being such a coward and get this stuff done so i can figure out why i am so sick and try to fix it.
balamuthia i have severe health anxiety. i go to therapy for it and had it well under control. however, in january, my ex husband passed away suddenly and unexpectedly. we have a daughter together. since then, this shit has been out of control. i can't leave her parentless. i can't. in my depression and mourning since her dad died, we have been pretty inactive. i'm not a gardener. i don't plant things. i take care of my house plants and that's it. on a whim, i bought some flowers at wal mart. i thought it would be nice for us to plant them together. i wanted get back into being a normal mom, a good mom. so, we're outside planting these beautiful flowers. i'm a hypo already and i couldn't stop thinking about damn n. fowleri, of all things. i know i can't get it from dirt, but we were breathing in so much of it! i didn't know to wet the ground before digging. we just went after it. i thought breathing through my mouth would keep me safe. wrong and stupid. by the time we get back inside, my nose is all stuffy and my throat hurts. i assume this is from dirt and allergens. i ignored my compulsion to google for a little while. then i got a weird metallic taste in my mouth and that was it. i found balamuthia mandrillaris. fml. fast forward two days. my eyes hurt, like they're tired. i had some brief photo sensitivity, but i attributed that to playing skyrim all day yesterday in an attempt to maintain control over my thoughts. my sinuses are still full, but i'm not congested. i can feel popping and pressure in there, but no snot and i can breathe fine. my irrational brain tells me that this is a direct result of amoeba eating away my soft tissue. it is not possible for this to be run of the mill allergies or a sinus infection. my head doesn't throb or anything. it's a like a sinus headache, but very vague. i can move my neck and all just fine. i don't know if i have a fever. the kid hid the thermometer some where. it's messed up, i felt fine when i woke up this morning. no nasal problems. it wasn't until later on it started up again. now my face is twitching in weird places. which i read is also a symptom of the amoeba infection. i already know this is rare. i've researched it thoroughly. i'm scheduled to see my doctor tomorrow, but i want to go to the er. i can't just up and take my kid with me though. i can't let this shit disrupt her life. she's spent many hours with me in the er already. what am i supposed to do though? i know something isn't right. i don't want to die. i don't want to leave my baby alone. the inside of my nose is twitching as i type this. and i don't want to be the one person on this forum that guessed right about some horrible disease. help me y'all. please.
proud of myself hi everyone! it's been a while since i posted on this sub and i really wanted to share a small success story to hopefully help you if you need it. so this past summer i was active on here all the time. i was convinced i had a brain tumour, bone cancer, blood clots, and a bunch of other issues. i ended up starting therapy in september and it's been going great! i've been able to stop immediately seeking reassurance i.e. going to the er and dealing with my fear of death. i still struggle with googling and the initial worry of symptoms, but i can honestly say i'm starting to get better. anyways, i feel like i had a major milestone today even if it doesn't really seem like that big of a deal. my health anxiety is mostly focused on myself, but also extends to other people i care about, like my family. so naturally, when my mom told me she found a large lump on her breast while showering, i panicked. like full blown panic. i immediately thought the worst shocker , especially because just two months ago she'd gotten called back for an abnormal mammogram and had to do a bunch of imaging tests to make sure it was nothing terrible. that week waiting for results was excruciating thankfully it was just benign cysts . naturally, this brought me back to that terrible week of worry, and i was immediately thinking that, despite 2 mammograms an ultrasound not even two full months ago, that the doctors must have missed something and that she had a terrible disease. my initial instinct was to google i tend to seek out information in times of stress because it helps me feel like i have some control over the situation. i was so tempted to google incidence rates of breast cancer, likelihood of breasts cyst vs. cancer, and the like. i had intentions of reassuring myself, but i also knew that doing that would only feed into my anxiety and make it worse. despite how badly i wanted to do research, i forced myself to ignore the compulsion. i was also able to rationalize and talk through my fears to come up with a logical conclusion i.e. family history of cystic breasts likelihood of cyst vs. cancer thankfully, our family doctor believes that it's just a cyst that was seen on the mammogram, but filled with fluid due to her upcoming period. he's sending her for an ultrasound to be safe, but overall isn't worried. however, despite all this, i feel really proud of myself! i managed to avoid googling because i knew it would harm me, even if i was convinced it would help me. i really feel like i accomplished something, and i hope that sharing this encourages any of you who need help to get it. therapy has been a godsend for me, even if it's just in small steps like this.
proud of myself hi everyone! it's been a while since i posted on this sub and i really wanted to share a small success story to hopefully help you if you need it. so this past summer i was active on here all the time. i was convinced i had a brain tumour, bone cancer, blood clots, and a bunch of other issues. i ended up starting therapy in september and it's been going great! i've been able to stop immediately seeking reassurance i.e. going to the er and dealing with my fear of death. i still struggle with googling and the initial worry of symptoms, but i can honestly say i'm starting to get better. anyways, i feel like i had a major milestone today even if it doesn't really seem like that big of a deal. my health anxiety is mostly focused on myself, but also extends to other people i care about, like my family. so naturally, when my mom told me she found a large lump on her breast while showering, i panicked. like full blown panic. i immediately thought the worst shocker , especially because just two months ago she'd gotten called back for an abnormal mammogram and had to do a bunch of imaging tests to make sure it was nothing terrible. that week waiting for results was excruciating thankfully it was just benign cysts . naturally, this brought me back to that terrible week of worry, and i was immediately thinking that, despite 2 mammograms an ultrasound not even two full months ago, that the doctors must have missed something and that she had a terrible disease. my initial instinct was to google i tend to seek out information in times of stress because it helps me feel like i have some control over the situation. i was so tempted to google incidence rates of breast cancer, likelihood of breasts cyst vs. cancer, and the like. i had intentions of reassuring myself, but i also knew that doing that would only feed into my anxiety and make it worse. despite how badly i wanted to do research, i forced myself to ignore the compulsion. i was also able to rationalize and talk through my fears to come up with a logical conclusion i.e. family history of cystic breasts likelihood of cyst vs. cancer thankfully, our family doctor believes that it's just a cyst that was seen on the mammogram, but filled with fluid due to her upcoming period. he's sending her for an ultrasound to be safe, but overall isn't worried. however, despite all this, i feel really proud of myself! i managed to avoid googling because i knew it would harm me, even if i was convinced it would help me. i really feel like i accomplished something, and i hope that sharing this encourages any of you who need help to get it. therapy has been a godsend for me, even if it's just in small steps like this.
fears of als or other motor neuron disease. please help! m. 27 years. type two diabetic diet and medication controlled. history of chronic back pain, around t6 t7 vertebrae, unilateral up until a few months ago, now bilateral. for a few weeks i've had a light flickering that alternates in each eye. this is accompanied with occasional twitching, particularly in my right tricep, forearm and occasionally my hand. these occur any where between once and three to four times a day, and while strong are often brief. i am pretty sure that the symptoms started after a pulled muscle in the right side of my neck. i had some stiffness for a few hours one morning, before i turned my head suddenly, causing a shooting pain up that side of my neck and within a short time, a massive headache, lasting about a day followed by an inability to move my head properly for a few days. smaller twitches occur up and down my legs, though i feel that may have to do with acute sensitivity due to how much anxiety this is causing me. and i have had a lot of lower back, hip and left leg pain that has come and gone for the last five or so years. other symptoms that occur include pain and weakness in my pinky, shoulder and inner forearm that come and go. these symptoms are exacerbated when i am seated, at work and are particularly intense when i am at work, using a mouse, keyboard, or when my arm is crooked at an awkward angle for too long, such as using my phone. logic tells me that all of this is caused by a combination environmental factors and anxiety, given that about 8 months ago, i made the transition from a standing job various retail positions for about 8 years , to a desk job, and i've never had great posture. my physio is confident that all of this is caused by compression of the cervical spine, where he says there is obvious stiffness between the joints in some parts, particularly at the base of the skull. he also says the spindle especially likes to compensate, so pain in one area untreated can eventually lead to difficulties along the whole spine, and that after ten years of untreated pain, he isnt surprised by my symptoms. he and my gp suggest seeing a neurologist, but only if my symptoms persist. sorry for the long post. this has really allowed me to catalogue and rationalise my thoughts. in all honesty, i am feeling as though this may be anxiety. an abnormal ultrasound showed possible cancer of the testicle this time last year, and i've been spiraling ever since... i also knew it was a bad idea to read stephen hawkings posthumous novel at a time i wa already so anxious, but alas, i did, and have suddenly started experiencing the twitching. thanks for being there redditors.
health issue or health anxiety so before i start, let me make clear that i do have some health issue well had, i was born with a unicuspid valve and had open heart surgery 2 years ago. up to the surgery i was a mental wreck more than before. now after the surgery ive been well for the most part. i have had alot of fears after that actually got worse over the two years instead of better. now to start this story up we gotta rewind a few months, its a few days after christmas, im at granny inlaw having a good time, when my girlfriend notice my right ankle is a little swollen above the achilles tendon, we call the emergency eoc and he wants ud to come in, he frels it and want it scanned with ultrasound. it was fine. now i didnt think much of it then, but im sure my ankle above the achilles always was swollen but i havent ever really looked much at my ancles. now here is where it gets difficult two days later we are home, i wake up and notice i have a coin sized point bit left from my sternum with minor pain,and i get spells of dizziness. at night i get admitted to the er and they do ultra sound, ekg, bloodwork work etc. and everythings fine, except from slightly elevated troponin which could be scar tissue, though they think i have a minor infection in my heart and release me sayinf i should be fine sfter some time but i dont feel fine. onde home i get this feeling of not being able to get enough air when i breath. a week later im back in the er, they do the usual checks plus a ct and guess what, im fine except for the same slightly elevated troponin and they release me again sayings its just a minor infektion. 3 weeks later i have an appointment with a specialised cardiologist that is educated for valve disease and has byen following me for over a decade. she checks me and im fine my heart is in a good condition. now i didnt feel happy when told so, but extreme dissapointment, i started to get a feeling of fear of them having made a mistake or missed something . the reason being is that before my surgery the hospital i was in the er at, didnt see that my heart wasnt doing well when i was in for chest pain wasnt a heart attack, but my valve failing badly the same pain i have now. now i startede going to a psych every third week and its good. but at this point im uncertain of what is wrong, ive been checked at the hospital 3times and at a specialized cardiologist, and they havent found much that could explain the pain. so im trying to accept the fact it could be anxiety driven, but the moment i started trying it, i got issues with breathing again. its like something in me wants to keeper me in pain and afraid. i hope some will read this and give some input.
convinced myself i have huntington's disease the rational side of me knows that these symptoms have either been there for a while or they can easily be explained by any number of other less serious causes. not to mention that as far as i know, no one in my family has this disease. i was reading about lewy body dementia and someone had described it as being a mix of parkinson's, dementia, and huntington's, the last of which i'd never heard of. so i went to learn about it and since i'm me, i started drawing parallels between the symptoms and things i've either been experiencing or that i wasn't experiencing until they were suggested. firstly, i'm in the typical age range when symptoms manifest. my confusion, occasional inability to understand things, indecisiveness, occasional problems with concentration, forgetfulness and fatigue must be due to this disease, not because i never get enough sleep. my bouts of dizziness vertigo are the coordination problems, even though they're most likely a mix of exhaustion and severe tension headaches. i've noticed lately my index finger on my right hand sometimes twitches when i hold it just right on my mouse, never mind the fact that i've had that happen before with other parts of me if i position myself a certain way. fidgeting must be a symptom too, even though i've fidgeted my whole life. me being freezing cold must be the telltale tremors! and the anxiety and depression i've had for what feels like forever must be huntington's too, right? muscle stiffness can't possibly be due to me being out of shape! my inability to remember a word now and again or have words come out coherently must be from illness and not the fact that my brain to mouth filter has always been haywire. i have issues swallowing and breathing that could be due to huntington's... or, you know, the esophagus problems i've been having. also read that one possible symptom is visual disturbances and lately i've been experiencing what looks like rippling water in my left eye. i realize that could be any number of things and generally as long as my vision itself is okay, it's nothing major. but if i was thinking rationally, i wouldn't be posting here. and while the disease seems to be hereditary, all i had to do was read something about how only a majority of cases are inherited, implying that some people 1 3 of cases can still develop it even with no family history. not to mention that practically all these symptoms can be caused by anxiety too. never mind i had a ct about a year ago when many of these same things were happening that was normal . never mind it's rare something like 15,000 people in the entire us have it . nope, must be huntington's!
convinced myself i have huntington's disease the rational side of me knows that these symptoms have either been there for a while or they can easily be explained by any number of other less serious causes. not to mention that as far as i know, no one in my family has this disease. i was reading about lewy body dementia and someone had described it as being a mix of parkinson's, dementia, and huntington's, the last of which i'd never heard of. so i went to learn about it and since i'm me, i started drawing parallels between the symptoms and things i've either been experiencing or that i wasn't experiencing until they were suggested. firstly, i'm in the typical age range when symptoms manifest. my confusion, occasional inability to understand things, indecisiveness, occasional problems with concentration, forgetfulness and fatigue must be due to this disease, not because i never get enough sleep. my bouts of dizziness vertigo are the coordination problems, even though they're most likely a mix of exhaustion and severe tension headaches. i've noticed lately my index finger on my right hand sometimes twitches when i hold it just right on my mouse, never mind the fact that i've had that happen before with other parts of me if i position myself a certain way. fidgeting must be a symptom too, even though i've fidgeted my whole life. me being freezing cold must be the telltale tremors! and the anxiety and depression i've had for what feels like forever must be huntington's too, right? muscle stiffness can't possibly be due to me being out of shape! my inability to remember a word now and again or have words come out coherently must be from illness and not the fact that my brain to mouth filter has always been haywire. i have issues swallowing and breathing that could be due to huntington's... or, you know, the esophagus problems i've been having. also read that one possible symptom is visual disturbances and lately i've been experiencing what looks like rippling water in my left eye. i realize that could be any number of things and generally as long as my vision itself is okay, it's nothing major. but if i was thinking rationally, i wouldn't be posting here. and while the disease seems to be hereditary, all i had to do was read something about how only a majority of cases are inherited, implying that some people 1 3 of cases can still develop it even with no family history. not to mention that practically all these symptoms can be caused by anxiety too. never mind i had a ct about a year ago when many of these same things were happening that was normal. never mind it's rare something like 15,000 people in the entire us have it . nope, must be huntington's!
i hate my anxiety. anything that will alter change my life in some way gives me anxiety. examples 7 years ago my bf now husband and i bought a dog. i cried and cried the first night we got him because i was soo scared of having totake care of anything else besides me. a few weeks later, the anxiety disappeared. i absolutely love my dog. 7 years ago i left my first job after being there for 5 years. i cried and cried. had so much anxiety leading up to the new interview. had ssoo much anxiety after being told i was hired. i was terrified of failing, not being able to pay my bills. so much so, that i asked for my job back. but was ghosted because they were upset i had quit in the first place. 7 years later still at this new job, its consistent, i make money. i feel secure. and glad i left the place prior. 3years ago i got engaged but wasn t anxious about anything. because we halted planning a wedding to buy a house 2 years ago my fiance and i bought a house. it was fun leading up to the week before closing. the day before i was crying, anxious, scared. i felt like iwas making a mistake. what if we lose the house? what if something happens and we cant afford it because we have a mortgage now. i was fine after a couple days. im sssoo happy in my home. 8 months ago, i got married. for the 3 4 months leading up to the wedding, i had horrible anxiety. every single night id have lingering anxiety, some nights better than others, but always there. the week before the wedding i was a mess, scared of being married, scared of the change. but i am ssoo in love with my fiance, he is my everything. i couldn t understand the anxiety because i was happy! the day of the wedding i was emotion filled, i couldnt talk to anyone while getting ready, i was a nervous wreck. once we left the church i felt ssooo different! i was actually feeling how i felt. happy, excited, in love. not anxious. the reception was amazing! im soo happy! now im 29, husband is 30. we are talking about kids. i want them, but im sssooo afraid of the anxiety i know ill have. im scared of the pregnancy, what if i have a difficult time, what if im anxious like i was for the wedding for all 9months? im soo scared of giving birth, of the potential postpartum depression, me not connecting. or what if i dont connect with baby? idk im already anxious thinking about having an approximate date to get off birth control. im scared. i brought up adoption but i hate the fact that id rather chose adoption just because of the anxiety. i know ill deal with it when the time comes closer to adopt. but it wont be 9months. why does my body do this to me. i hate my anxiety. who else deals with this? how do you overcome?
i'm having palpitations right now.. before anyone reads, i'm in the middle of an anxiety attack so everything in this post is everywhere and some words may be misspelled. i think i know why too because the last time it happened i ate food that caused me to have a previous anxiety attack. after i finish this i'm going to get some sleep so i will read any comments and make the necessary corrections to this post in the morning. so anyway. i went across the street from work today to get some food from this chicken spot called kennedy chicken, i live in nyc, they're on every corner. all of their food is super duper unhealthy. it's all deep fried foods. chicken and mozzarella sticks is what i ate. they even gave me spoiled marinara sauce which i didn't eat because i noticed as soon as i opened the sauce container, the air pressure made the sauce fly everywhere on my hands and there were bubbles in it. i smelled it and it had an obvious spoiled smell to it like fermented tomatoes. i'm never eating from there again. ever! and honestly i don't know how they're even still open. it has been a while since i ate their food until today. i've been trying to eat healthier foods. even if i have to order out on days i don't pack my lunch at home, i choose a healthier option. or!!.. or.. it could be that i haven't been getting enough sleep since monday. and everytime i feel the palpitations coming on, i always go to sleep and the next morning i feel better. i've been to the er multiple times for palpitations and they tell me it's due to stress and not enough sleep. i work a full time job and i used up all my pto so it's difficult for me to take a day or two off for myself. figuratively rips hair out i hate working full time and i think i'm about to make a big sacrifice and go part time. or maybe i just need to ride it out... i have so many financial issues right now that i can't do this anymore. i want to move back home with my family.. but i don't have a car... i don't have money.... i need to buy at least a month's worth of food for 1 person me so i don't have to order out. i don't have any idea how i've come this far and haven't ended up homeless. at this point i'm rambling and i need a hug... but these are things i'm dealing with at the moment. that food honestly tasted horrible though. i'm betting on my palpitations being caused by both lack of sleep and the fast food though. i wish there was a way to get my rent lowered so that i can afford to pay all my bills properly... i might talk to my roommate about it and see what she says. okay.. if i have anything else left to talk about i'll make another post. thank you to anyone who decides to read this craziness!
self diagnoses, panic attacks, and hope here's my story. last summer i convinced myself that i had intestinal parasites and kind of lost it. i finally went to the doctor and it turned out to just be a yeast infection health anxiety, right? . well it was a really intense yeast infection. got it under control after finishing medicine from doctor and then purchasing otc medicine. then i started noticing that my digestive system was totally out of whack, and was experiencing a constant fatigue and strange stomach aches that would appear out of nowhere in my lower abdomen. the aches would be sharp and burning, i felt like i got a hot flash , and then they would go away after only 1 or 2 minutes and i'd feel fine. so i convinced myself i had a stomach ulcer thanks, webmd . i conquered my health anxiety once again and returned to the doctor. up to this point, i've never had any real health issues in my life and pretty much never went to the doctor unless i got sick. except that i was diagnosed with high risk hpv, which had recently been clearing up. that's another story . so they do a breath test for h.pylori and take my blood. the blood test shows i have elevated bilirubin and they do an abdominal x ray and ultrasound. no stomach ulcer. and nothing in the x ray or ultrasound that indicates something wrong with my organs. around this time i begin having panic attacks because i feel like something is very wrong with me. and then, my skin on my face goes insane. small red bumps everywhere and flaking off all over and so much redness. i get a prescription cream, and it gets worse. i also get a prescription for a mild anxiety medication. the anxiety medicine makes me feel so light headed, which triggers more anxiety because i feel light headed when i have a panic attack. i started a gluten free diet because i felt like it matched some of my symptoms. started taking probiotics every day and my digestive issues have gotten so so much better. i went in for a follow up blood test that showed my bilirubin levels are now normal . i realized the lightheadedness of my medication was caused by consuming grapefruit. i've finally gotten my skin under control with daily chemical peels and tea tree oil and it's improved a lot, though still nothing like it used to be. so i've made a lot of progress. however i still feel very fatigued most days. while gluten free has definitely helped, and i think i'm getting a better hold on my anxiety, in the back of mind i'm still afraid something is wrong. can anyone relate? i'm reminding myself that i've made a lot of progress, and i think my initial health scare just triggered this health anxiety that i had never had before.
self diagnoses, panic attacks, and hope here's my story. last summer i convinced myself that i had intestinal parasites and kind of lost it. i finally went to the doctor and it turned out to just be a yeast infection health anxiety, right? . well it was a really intense yeast infection. got it under control after finishing medicine from doctor and then purchasing otc medicine. then i started noticing that my digestive system was totally out of whack, and was experiencing a constant fatigue and strange stomach aches that would appear out of nowhere in my lower abdomen. the aches would be sharp and burning, i felt like i got a hot flash , and then they would go away after only 1 or 2 minutes and i'd feel fine. so i convinced myself i had a stomach ulcer thanks, webmd . i conquered my health anxiety once again and returned to the doctor. up to this point, i've never had any real health issues in my life and pretty much never went to the doctor unless i got sick. except that i was diagnosed with high risk hpv, which had recently been clearing up. that's another story . so they do a breath test for h.pylori and take my blood. the blood test shows i have elevated bilirubin and they do an abdominal x ray and ultrasound. no stomach ulcer. and nothing in the x ray or ultrasound that indicates something wrong with my organs. around this time i begin having panic attacks because i feel like something is very wrong with me. and then, my skin on my face goes insane. small red bumps everywhere and flaking off all over and so much redness. i get a prescription cream, and it gets worse. i also get a prescription for a mild anxiety medication. the anxiety medicine makes me feel so light headed, which triggers more anxiety because i feel light headed when i have a panic attack. i started a gluten free diet because i felt like it matched some of my symptoms. started taking probiotics every day and my digestive issues have gotten so so much better. i went in for a follow up blood test that showed my bilirubin levels are now normal. i realized the lightheadedness of my medication was caused by consuming grapefruit. i've finally gotten my skin under control with daily chemical peels and tea tree oil and it's improved a lot, though still nothing like it used to be. so i've made a lot of progress. however i still feel very fatigued most days. while gluten free has definitely helped, and i think i'm getting a better hold on my anxiety, in the back of mind i'm still afraid something is wrong. can anyone relate? i'm reminding myself that i've made a lot of progress, and i think my initial health scare just triggered this health anxiety that i had never had before.
diabetics ketoacidosis and brain cancer hi i'm new here. i started having very mild health anxiety when i was younger but it recently increased the last few months. in december, i went to the er due to chest pains because i was sure i was having a heart attack even though i was terrified. i went to the doctor and they said it was just acid reflux and they sent me home with a prescription. after that, i had to follow up with my pcp and she told me there was an abnormal ity in my ekg my second one and referred me to a cardiologist to do an echocardiogram. that same week, i was worrying about every little ache and symptom that i've read about heart attacks and kept manifesting each one. it sucked because i didn't feel like it was all in my head and i kept freaking out. mind you, i'm a college student away from home which made everything worse. winter break came and i went home. i didn't feel any symptoms and i wasn't worried about my health anymore. then i came back to school last month and my friend had a stroke. she's 19 so i was surprised at how young she was to be having a stroke. this event stirred up my past anxieties about my heart and i found myself checking my heart rate often throughout my day again. i would also google every possible heart condition that i could have that i wouldn't know of. the next week, i finally got my echocardiogram done and the doctor said it was completely normal which eased my mind at little bit. that same week, i had on and off nausea which i was sure was because of how anxious i was about my health. the next few days go by and i start having tension headaches or so i think . they were on and off as well but it just hurt to the point where i was convinced i had brain cancer. with the nausea and the headaches, i just assumed. i tried to refrain from googling the symptoms because i knew it would elevate my worries but i couldn't resist. the last few days, i've been so worried about having brain cancer because i wouldn't be able to focus and some things were hard to remember, but there is no family history of any type of cancer so i kept trying to focus on that. now, i am currently worrying that i have diabetic ketoacidosis. i have no family history of diabetes and i've never been told that i should watch out for it because i am 18, normal weight, and have been healthy. but lately, i've been stress eating because of how anxious i've been and food makes me feel a little better. however, i always feel guilty right after eating and it makes me feel sick to my stomach. i just don't know how to cope with this anymore and i have a doctor's appointment next week so hopefully she can ease my mind a bit more.
diabetics ketoacidosis and brain cancer hi i'm new here. i started having very mild health anxiety when i was younger but it recently increased the last few months. in december, i went to the er due to chest pains because i was sure i was having a heart attack even though i was terrified. i went to the doctor and they said it was just acid reflux and they sent me home with a prescription. after that, i had to follow up with my pcp and she told me there was an abnormality in my ekg my second one and referred me to a cardiologist to do an echocardiogram. that same week, i was worrying about every little ache and symptom that i've read about heart attacks and kept manifesting each one. it sucked because i didn't feel like it was all in my head and i kept freaking out. mind you, i'm a college student away from home which made everything worse. winter break came and i went home. i didn't feel any symptoms and i wasn't worried about my health anymore. then i came back to school last month and my friend had a stroke. she's 19 so i was surprised at how young she was to be having a stroke. this event stirred up my past anxieties about my heart and i found myself checking my heart rate often throughout my day again. i would also google every possible heart condition that i could have that i wouldn't know of. the next week, i finally got my echocardiogram done and the doctor said it was completely normal which eased my mind at little bit. that same week, i had on and off nausea which i was sure was because of how anxious i was about my health. the next few days go by and i start having tension headaches or so i think . they were on and off as well but it just hurt to the point where i was convinced i had brain cancer. with the nausea and the headaches, i just assumed. i tried to refrain from googling the symptoms because i knew it would elevate my worries but i couldn't resist. the last few days, i've been so worried about having brain cancer because i wouldn't be able to focus and some things were hard to remember, but there is no family history of any type of cancer so i kept trying to focus on that. now, i am currently worrying that i have diabetic ketoacidosis. i have no family history of diabetes and i've never been told that i should watch out for it because i am 18, normal weight, and have been healthy. but lately, i've been stress eating because of how anxious i've been and food makes me feel a little better. however, i always feel guilty right after eating and it makes me feel sick to my stomach. i just don't know how to cope with this anymore and i have a doctor's appointment next week so hopefully she can ease my mind a bit more.
a person with health anxiety did the 23 and me health test and doesn t know how to deal with the results. hi everyone. i am a 20 year old female. long story short i watched my grandpa, who has been my father figure all of my life, die of a heart attack suddenly after years of going to the cardiologist for monthly checkups being told he was fine. since then, i ve had debilitating anxiety which has mostly caused me to be a serious hypochondriac. you name it, i thought i had it. i ve been through all the typical anxiety symptoms that have caused me to go to countless doctors getting brain scans, blood tests, etc. i ve never checked out therapy due to always going to medical doctors. when they can t find anything i don t trust them i fear them from what they did to my grandpa. i stay up at night thinking about how they didn t find something that is seriously wrong with me like the cardiologist couldn t find my grandpas heart attack before he died from it. i have such a fear of death it s probably insane. my main question here is this i got a 23 and me kit with the ancestry health for christmas like most people! i was never worried about parkinson s since it was never talked about on my moms side of the family. i don t know my dad personally, i only know of him. i knew he was italian which matched to what my reading was saying but i never knew anything else. i had 2 variants detected in my health report. one major variant detected for parkinson s the gba gene and one variant for gaucher s disease meaning i m a carrier. when i say i was shocked i mean i was shocked. my mother never mentioned anything about parkinson s on either of my sides. i linked my results up with my moms results she also had the test and she also has a variant detected for gaucher s disease she gave it to me i m guessing but she doesn t have one for parkinson s only i do. the more research i do the more i want to cry. from what i ve been reading i understand that i am at a high risk for parkinson s from my gene being a gba and having gaucher s. i see that i am at risk for early parkinson s the one that causes the most cognitive decline very early in life. i have health anxiety to begin with yes i know i probably shouldn t have done the test but i really was never expecting this. i don t know where to go from here or what to think. i don t know what i should do. all my research through various websites, scientific journals, and forums are telling me about what high of a risk i have for early parkinson s. i can t sleep at night after finding this information. my heath anxiety has been through the roof. how serious is this? please no judgement.
i'm a lot scared about my mom's lower leg pain hi! first of all, i made a second account to talk about these personal issues, i use my personal account which has my real name for a lot of public things and didn't feel comfortable in sharing those personal issues there. amp x200b my mom had breast cancer six years ago, and treated it successfully, doing chemo and radiotherapy. fortunately, it was diagnosed very early. she is totally cured now, and constantly monitors her breast and thyroid which she had some benign cysts . she is 60 and doesn't smoke or drink at all. amp x200b last week, she removed a dot on her face. the biopsy returned basal cell carcinoma, but with no spread on close lymphs. the dermatologist said it was nothing to worry about. amp x200b but yesterday she said she had been felling pain around the tibia for about a year and half. it's a pain she feels deep, that comes for some time like a week , then disappear for some months, then comes back. it doesn't seem to be affected by exercise, but hurts at night. while she was pressing the region to show me where it was, she said she could feel it hurt a little, even if, at that moment, it wasn't hurting the way it used to. there is no swelling at all, and she said it never was. she also said the pain is the same since it begun. amp x200b and she had been having some cramps a while ago, the doctors said it could be a neuropaty caused by the medications she took, like tamoxifen. she also said these cramps usually stops when this pain begins. amp x200b she said she's worried about it being a bone metastasis from the breast cancer. amp x200b from what i know, it's extremely unlikely that a metastasis from a cancer she treated back in 2013 and which, in that time, had no secondary tumor detected could only appear now. amp x200b but i'm extremely worried about other cancer possibilities. like a primary bone cancer, or a secondary cancer from a hidden tumor that originated in other part of the body. amp x200b the rational part of me says it's probably neuropaty, or even some other symptom caused maybe by her age, and if that pain was bone cancer, she probably would be gone now, or at least the pain would have gotten worse after all this time, or even some swelling would have appeared. amp x200b but the other part the same that worried about me having als because of some twitches says it could be cancer. she has an appointment with the same doctor that treated her cancer on monday, but, until then, i can't help but be terrified about this possibility. amp x200b has anyone had any similar experience? is the rational part of me probably right once again?
spinning downhill all over again, please help! i haven't been to this sub in over a year. i started stressing about the things i was reading, and freaking out more, even though i just wanted to support others like they were giving me. i decided to stop googling, stop this sub and try to re focus, to feel some relief from the anxiety. 2018 has started out pretty rough, issues with relationship, stress and more stress have been a real struggle. therapy hasn't been feeling the same neither does school which last year i was so happy to actually be doing. it's a sad time. between all this i've tried different things to help me, yoga, some gym, journaling, hobbies etc. i realize that my life will forever be good and bad days....today is a bad day! i'm overwhelmed and i'm not even out of bed yet. i feel asleep fine last night thankfully and sleep through most of the night again, thankfully however i woke up at 530 to my right thigh twitching so quickly and non stop. maybe i needed a stretch? no...still going. it doesn't hurt but i've regrettable done something bad. i've let myself have bad thoughts, then fueled them with the dreaded google...please help. 1. i saw where it could be just benign twitching...could be. last year i went to the gym and may have lifted wrong so the next day i had arm twitching almost all day. but for this case i haven't been to the gym since monday! now wednesday . can't be that...right? 2. stress can cause an overload of muscle stuff...even if i sleep? i'm dissecting everything right now. yes it's been a hard month with you health fears and questions and stress but i'm now like thinking to myself i'm not really that stressed can that truly be the cause? 3. google sucks, it's the worst type of fear enabler, yet so accessible. i'm finding so much, lou gherigs disease??? ahh!!! i can see the twitch so that's promising but i'm finding it hard to no look up other symptoms...is it possible??? 4. heart issues! i've always been focused on cancer and stuff along those lines but now i'm freak g about heart stuff. my fit bit typically sometimes shows a range of 58 119 bpm depending on exercise, and relaxation etc. i didn't sleep with it last night, but as soon as i saw the heart stuff on google that heart arythmia and skipping beats i ran to put it on. it ran 54 bpm... then at 66 down to 61 bpm granted back in bed in my safe zone but what if my heart is beating too low??? it's slowly shutting off and gave me the leg twitch as a signal?!?! i'm terrified again, upset i'm stressing out about this and worried i might not get out of bed today. please help, i could use any words or advice. so scared...
muscle twitch around knee hey guys, only just discovered this subreddit today amidst another day of google searches loved the health anxiety starter pack post! amp x200b i'm not sure what i'm asking for here, more just a bit of advise guidance i guess. i've always had some mild ha since my late teens and get abnormal ly anxious at the sign of any lump, bump or anomaly on my body. like a lot of others, the illness that puts the fear of death in to me is als mnd from the uk . i go through phases but over the past 6 or 7 years i've always tried to convince myself that i'm showing symptoms for it. however, i'm 30 now and around 5 weeks ago i started to get a distinct muscle twitch just above my left knee like lower right of the thigh . it was fairly consistent, clearly visible but painless. for context, i work in fairly stressful sales job, get a bit blue during christmas new year in any case and had a lot to drink over the christmas period with numerous nights out etc. this seemed to compound the issue and really flare up my ha. amp x200b since the turn of the year it's continued in the exact same location amp really seems to kick in when i pay attention to it. however, when i play sports, workout and find myself away from my own thoughts it doesn't seem to impact me as much. recently it's started to impact my sleep and my work which is quite rare for me and very concerning. i've read in and around 200 google articles and i can't help but feel everyone of them can't discount the likes of ms amp als etc. i feel like the twitches have became a bit more regular but they're just as isolated. i've been to a physio, they claimed it may be a circulation issue and basically battered my left thigh to help....it didn't. i've been to the docs and given blood they came back fine. i've got a follow up with her on the 25th and my plan is get a referral to a neurologist....although that scares the shit out of me. the doc did mention it was unlikely but to me that just translates to there's still a chance . amp x200b i've tried to convince myself that this is stress induced and i'm in a viscous struggle i'm trying to run more and improve times to prove to myself that my muscles aren't degrading amp are actually improving....although all this does is make runs far more stressful than they used to be! i've became a right pain in the arse at home and my negative outlook is having a bit of impact at home with my fiance also getting married this year . amp x200b any guidance on how i should proceed with docs consultants or any hints or tips to stem my worrying would be massively appreciated. amp x200b cheers
how to tell the difference between mental disorders and shit life syndrome? i've been trying to answer this question for a while. how do i know what's the cause and what's the effect when it comes to mental state? am i depressed and suicidal because of how my life turned out to be or am i perceiving life to be more shitty than it is because of underlying mental disorders? i have never been to a psychiatrist so i have never been diagnosed, but i've been dealing with ocd since i was 6, i experience a lot of mdd, anxiety, social phobia and adhd symptoms. i've also been suicidal for more than 6 years at this point. the thing is, most of those things appear so small when put next to 7 figures in the bank account. most of my issues would immediately disappear. only then i would be able to do things because i can, not because i have to. i experience what i'd call a money induced paralysis . i talk a bit more explicitly about it in this https www.reddit.com r getmotivated comments v4qq6k discussion lack of motivation induced by lack of thread. it's very unlikely that i'll ever be financially independent and it's unlikely i'll ever find something interesting enough i'd deem worth pursuing for hours on end aka passion . those realizations alone are enough to make me apathetic, procrastinate on all matters and basically give up on life and wait for the right opportunity to kill myself. i'd rather be dead than live a life i don't consider to be worth the effort. i've been thinking about seeing a psychiatrist for the past few months but i have my doubts. i procrastinate on making an appointment because it feels like my problems stem from money, it's not like they'll make me rich over there. in fact i'll lose money. that is enough justification for me not to go. i also can't get myself to schedule other appointments blood tests, physio, dentist because if my life will remain the same despite improving in some areas, then why bother? i'll kill myself anyway without winning a lottery or without some magical epiphany occurring in my mind. i suspect there could be something wrong with my brain, because plenty of other people have lives objectively worse than me, yet they see survival as something of value in and of itself. that could be the result of them being ignorant, me being ungrateful or my brain being disabled. so, how do i know whether my shitty mental state is caused by my views on life, philosophy, bad attitude, being lazy, ungrateful, spoiled, etc. or by some condition beyond my reach? or perhaps that's how it's supposed to be, because my conclusions are logical and i just can't ignore them?
23 year old male with lymphoma like symptoms hi everyone! amp x200b i have had an interesting few months, and would like to share my story with everyone! would love some feedback given i am not seeing an internal medicine doctor until the end of april.. here goes! amp x200b background information in may 2017, i had a nice ebv infection that lasted a year. additionally, i have thalassemia minor which i believe has never effected me, and asthma which is mostly brought out due to my dust allergies. amp x200b current issues in february this year, my cheeks randomly started swelling which has never really happened to me before. i didn't think much of it, but after a week of them staying swelled i visited a doctor. he said it's likely due to the cold weather and sent me off. about a week later i developed a nasty lung infection, it caused my lymph nodes to swell like crazy, and a very mild sore throat for a few days. i went on antibiotics and the symptoms went away. about a week after that, i got food poisoning which then eased itself out after a couple days. amp x200b after the food poisoning however, some of the initial symptoms came back. my cheeks kept swelling, and my lymph nodes on my neck were overly active. i went to the doctor, and he gave me some ventilin and another inhaler, as he thought it was due to lung inflammation. amp x200b a couple weeks later i started developing fatigue, i could sleep 10 hours and feel as if i didn't even go to bed. then at around dinner time every day i would feel sick to my stomach, and extremely light headed, i didn't get it but thought maybe i was just stressed. amp x200b i then got another lung infection which went away naturally, but after this one, the facial swelling and lymph node action came back harder than ever. i even started developing numbness on my temples during night time, and have been noticing almost rapid hair loss on my hairline never had any signs of balding before . which now leaves to the last few days.. amp x200b i went into the er yesterday as i knew this was problematic. they said they couldn't find anything alarming in the blood tests, but did notice my spleen was enlarged and that they will perform an ultrasound. the results from the iron test and stool analysis won't be back until next week. amp x200b i'm going to be honest, i have had health issues my whole life, this is the first time in my life where i am really really scared. i have googled the symptoms as you do.. and really the one that fits the story the best is lymphoma.. amp x200b i'm curious to hear what people think. amp x200b thanks for reading!
got a bloodtest, scared to hear about leukemia. i've posted this in r askdocs but i just wanted to hear more. sorry. i'm seeking as much support as i can that isn't from people close to me because i don't want to scare them too. i'm a 18 year old female living in canada. 5'9, 60kg, half chinese half russian. i have always had pretty good health for my entire life, so such a sudden change in health is scaring me to death. for the last week, my skin suddenly changed. i have never really bruised, no matter how hard i would hit my knee on something no bruise would ever appear. my family always joked about how even if i fell off a building i'd be completely fine since my skin was so thick. for the last week, i've noticed weird changes in bloodclotting. i pick at my acne sometimes gross, i know and it would be fine the next day however, suddenly now when i wake up, i see a huge blood scab and bruising around a small white head i picked at the night before. it made me look diseased but i brushed it off as something silly. then my legs and arms started having weird red dots all over, paired with bruising in odd places like the middle of my thigh where i would never get hit or hurt. it isn't a rash, and my doctor appointment confirmed today that it wasn't a rash too. not only were my legs and arms covered in these red speckles but my chest, upper belly, and my gums were too. the days before i was surprisingly out of breath. i was out with my friend and constantly needed to sit down after a couple minutes of walking. even in the bus, i was extremely uncomfortable with standing and would squat in the middle if there were no chairs because i could not stand to stand. my friend joked about it and so did i as i usually would walk quite fast and wanted to go everywhere. such a sudden change left her a bit weirded out too. i finally decided that i was freaked out enough to go in a walk in clinic. the doctor said it might be hemophilia and sent me to get my bloodchecked. now i'm waiting anxiously at home and can't get the thought out of my head. i know it's useless to be afraid and think about it but i've never had such a sudden health change in my life. as i'm typing this i feel strange little zaps in the joint of my right hand. i haven't really told my friends and definitely not my parents as i don't want them to worry. all i can do is wait. some pictures of my skin https imgur.com a a6fyf3k https imgur.com a a6fyf3k there are more bruises but they are a bit more faint, either way, i don't do enough physical activity to seriously injure myself in these many places.
reassurance hello, i stumbled upon this subreddit about two weeks ago and since then have been reading it often to help cope with my health anxiety. i often end up laughing at myself over my anxiety. this is my first post and rather lengthy. i apologize. my most recent concern is that i have some sort of colon cancer. i have been having unusual bowel movements for several months. changes in appearance, size, etc. sorry, too much information. i mentioned it to my doctor earlier this month and he shrugged it off and said to try miralax. i did, but didn t notice much difference aside from change in color and more loose. i ve recently thought i ve noticed some red streaking in the stool which has elevated my anxiety about the situation. my employment offers a telemedicine service so i called and spoke to a doctor about my concerns and he said it s likely ibs and promised i was fine. i follow up with my doctor again this past week and he said the risk is slim for anything major but referred me to a gastro doctor. the appointment isn t until next month. this weekend, i decided it would be a good idea to get an ez detect test which tests for blood in the stool. these are little pieces of paper you put in the toilet after a bowel movement that changes to blue or green if blood is detected. you are first supposed to put a paper in to test the water color. i decided to skip that step and test my first bowel movement yesterday late afternoon early evening. there was no color change on the paper. i was satisfied. this morning i decide to do the water test to eliminate any what ifs from my mind. once again, there was no color change. i follow the water test with another bowel movement. there was no color change. there is a control test you are supposed to do at the end to verify that the paper worked properly. it comes with a powder that changes the color of the paper. i flush everything and pour the powder in and then place the paper in for the control test and it instantly turns blue. about an hour or two later i feel another bowel movement coming on and i decide to use my final test. the paper instantly turns a very faint blue and i immediately freak out. about 5 10 minutes later i realized that i had put the powder in the toilet and that it s possible there was some left over in the water even after flushing. i have noticed some little white specks in that toilet throughout the day today. i just am looking for some reassurance that there was likely a little bit of left over powder and that my health anxiety is getting the best of me, as usual.
heart disease, depression, anxiety, and stress this semester i am taking abnormal psychology. one of the chapters i had the misfortune of reading was on the physical health effects of negative emotions, something i am chocked full of. whether its stress, anxiety, depression, anger frustration, i show it. my mood bounces around a lot. even at my young age of 23 i am starting to worry about developing heart disease, something my neurotic nature seems to be a predictor of. most of my life i've eaten a poor diet although my cholesterol was only 150, with my ldl at 88 and my hdl at 30. no idea about cortisol, crp, or interlukins though . i have also been pretty sedentary though that is very slowly starting to change since i turned 18 and have had a slew of medical problems since then. my gums have receded more i fought off gingivitis but am on the cusp of developing gum disease from gum recession . i used to get very angry at video games, i developed tinnitus a year ago which drives me crazy, and i'm depressed and socially isolated. i have no know history of heart disease, but of depression and low serotonin. thus i am stuck in a dilemma. i also started taking amphetamine mediation for adhd in january, so my heart rate tends to be higher on average but i eat less and have lost weight. in some cases, my blood pressure is normal on stimulants even when it feels elevated. i'm paranoid about my health, a bit of hypochondriac. i vape, don't drink anymore, and and am an on and off smoker. all of these things and more point to heart disease. i cannot just relax however, and i refuse to take antidepressants. i detest those medications and will take any medicine for depression that is not an antidepressant or antipsychotic. even at the cost of my life from getting heart disease, i will risk low mood, higher inflammation, and more clotting and an early death than take those. i have often been pointed to exercise as the key, which i will do in the form of jogging. i will not do yoga, even if its relaxing because i think its a stupid form of a exercise. i want a form of exercise where i can feel angry and aggressive. maybe that defeats the point but at least its something. i need some answers within my confines. diet changes are hard because i'm a picky eater and will throw up if something doesn't taste good. regular, good sleep is also out of the question because, for some reason, i rarely sleep more than 4 5 hours consecutively. exercise is pretty easy, i'm just a bit lazy. i'm open to ideas but antidepressants are absolutely out of the questions.
heart disease, depression, anxiety, and stress this semester i am taking abnormal psychology. one of the chapters i had the misfortune of reading was on the physical health effects of negative emotions, something i am chocked full of. whether its stress, anxiety, depression, anger frustration, i show it. my mood bounces around a lot. even at my young age of 23 i am starting to worry about developing heart disease, something my neurotic nature seems to be a predictor of. most of my life i've eaten a poor diet although my cholesterol was only 150, with my ldl at 88 and my hdl at 30. no idea about cortisol, crp, or interlukins though . i have also been pretty sedentary though that is very slowly starting to change since i turned 18 and have had a slew of medical problems since then. my gums have receded more i fought off gingivitis but am on the cusp of developing gum disease from gum recession . i used to get very angry at video games, i developed tinnitus a year ago which drives me crazy, and i'm depressed and socially isolated. i have no know history of heart disease, but of depression and low serotonin. thus i am stuck in a dilemma. i also started taking amphetamine mediation for adhd in january, so my heart rate tends to be higher on average but i eat less and have lost weight. in some cases, my blood pressure is normal on stimulants even when it feels elevated. i'm paranoid about my health, a bit of hypochondriac. i vape, don't drink anymore, and and am an on and off smoker. all of these things and more point to heart disease. i cannot just relax however, and i refuse to take antidepressants. i detest those medications and will take any medicine for depression that is not an antidepressant or antipsychotic. even at the cost of my life from getting heart disease, i will risk low mood, higher inflammation, and more clotting and an early death than take those. i have often been pointed to exercise as the key, which i will do in the form of jogging. i will not do yoga, even if its relaxing because i think its a stupid form of a exercise. i want a form of exercise where i can feel angry and aggressive. maybe that defeats the point but at least its something. i need some answers within my confines. diet changes are hard because i'm a picky eater and will throw up if something doesn't taste good. regular, good sleep is also out of the question because, for some reason, i rarely sleep more than 4 5 hours consecutively. exercise is pretty easy, i'm just a bit lazy. i'm open to ideas but antidepressants are absolutely out of the questions.
can 24 7 anxiety cause brain tumor like symptoms? 19yo male here, i eat really healthy and exercise regularly everyday just to preface. i've always suffered from severe anxiety, particularly health anxiety, and depression to less of an extent , i remember at 12 the fear of testicular cancer just plaguing my every thought for months because of a dull ache in my testes. anyway, just before i started university for the first time a friend died of brain cancer, and all of my close friends' moms died of breast cancer when i was young, so i have a warped perception of how common it is, i guess. aside from this my life has been filled with death, my father is terminally ill, my mum was suicidal and almost died of blood poisoning, my grandma had vascular dementia and we cared for her at home until her death, more beyond this, grandparents, friends' parents, uncles and aunts. my anxiety since starting uni has worsened, i suffer an elevated heart rate and sweats 24 7, extreme worrying thoughts all the time, trembling hands, especially bad at night. i've not had any memory issues or coordination issues, it's literally just headaches, for the past few weeks i've been getting pain in very singular spots, never a full over generalised headache, it lasts for a few seconds to a minute and then disappears, and this happens a few times through the day. the kicker is if i can remove myself from my anxiety it doesn't really happen, i was shopping all of yesterday with my girlfriend and didnt have any issues at all until we got into a quiet taxi, at which point my thoughts went rampant. i just feel like my anxiety is killing me, and it's really spearheaded into this fear of a tumor. i sleep awfully too because of my anxiety and grind my teeth severely, as well as holding my shoulders up and tight all the time. every rational part of me says it's all a mental thing, but i cannot get that rational part of my brain to win over, i'm in constant states of terror and get these huge adrenaline rushes physically crashing over me daily. should i see a doctor? should i be hugely worried from the point of view of a tumour? i've finally after years managed to bring myself to see a therapist, i start next week, i've just always felt myself as being a drama queen, but my life isn't even enjoyable anymore, i'm so sickly worried all the time. thanks edit my mum also suffers from severe anxiety and depression, not sure if this has an impact, my dad is due for huge open heart surgery this year, could it be affecting my subconscious? table death rate is quite high.
palpable lymph node i m terrified... so two and a half weeks ago, i went to the dentist with a tooth that was shaky after a previous filling had fallen out. i d been feeling a bit weird in my throat, on the same side too. she looked it and firstly said, it appears i have gingivitis. she had to extract my tooth surgically, by altering the gums and said it was infected, so put some medicine in it and temporarily closed it. the next day, i went back and she opened it all up and then sutured my gums back together. when she checked my lymph nodes mainly under my neck , i directed her to the mandibular node, which had been noticeably hard for maybe a week before. she called it a palpable node and said it could be due to the infection and the antibiotics amoxicillin she prescribed should take care of the infection. well, almost three weeks later and i m freaking the f ck out. my infection appears gone and i ve had no pain on that side since the extraction. my lymph node is still as palpable as before, but what s worrying me is that it s painless, whereas when it s an infection it s usually quite tender? it s hard but a bit rubbery and moves around. it could ve been around a lot longer than just the three weeks it s been since i need to push it out a little from against my jaw to feel it but i can really feel it. i had a couple of random lumps in my armpit, groin and side as well, and whilst it felt hard, they had sort of pus coming out of the end so i assumed they were harmless as they went down after a couple of days. this was before the dentist. i m scared it s lymphoma. the reason for this is night sweats i ve had this on off for the past few years however. but i ve noticed it again despite keeping cool. temperature regulation out of nowhere i ll get quite warm and then get a bit chilly again. the node is pretty much painless but despite the infection going, it s still the same size and hardness. general fatigue but i have that anyways , recently it s been muscle aches i m a smoker... and at times in the past year i ve been very heavy. i m just freaking the fck out. can anyone let me know if they had anything similar? or just put my mind at ease? i know i should go to the doctors but i ve just built up such a resistance to it with how much anxiety i ve had over it. i fear having to face the issue and find out i have something serious. i m booking a gp appointment for a couple of days time. but until then, anyone have a clue what this could be? it s slowly consuming every second of my life.
diabetes anxiety helloo everyone, i m new here i could really use someones advice im kind of freaking out, i haven t been diagnosed with diabetes, but i m really scared that i have it and i know the smartest thing to do is to make an appt with your doctor so i did but my doctor is out for a couple weeks, so my appt isn t until feb. so a little about me i have been diagnosed with anxiety, and i m known to overreact, but i can t get myself to calm down. i m always scared that i have diabetes because i am over weight i m like 50 60 pounds overweight i m only 19 years old, and i know i need to lose weight and get healthy it s really hard for me and my weight is something that i really struggle with. so with that being said diabetes has always been in the back of my mind and some days it creeps up and takes over me and i m freaking out about it the whole day. today is worse because i learned about something called dka i don t know much about it but what i did read about it is making me scared, usually when i have anxiety i ll take a nap or something now i don t even want to do that after reading something about it. i m not really always thirsty all the time, i usually have to force myself to drink water. i sometimes feel like i pee a lot but i wake up when i m sleeping to pee except for when i wake up in the morning i always have to pee, and before i go to bed i get up 2 3x to pee. sometimes i feel like my feet and toes are tingly like if there falling asleep and then it will go away, as for blurry vision my vision is bad to begin with, i m also always on my phone which probably dosen t help. i haven t had any significant amount of weight loss, if anything i ve gained more weight. i also keep watch when i get a scratch or a cut and i just had one on my leg about 2 weeks ago and it healed fine. i m also tired all the time, i get super super tired sometimes i take a nap and sometimes i try to fight it out until the it s time to sleep at night this could be because my sleep pattern is all over the place and i m currently trying to get it back on track but i don t know. i know i probably sound dumb, and i know you guys can t diagnose me but maybe if someone could just help me out, ease my mind, or let let me know what they think, i should probably get off the internet and relax but i can t, always this was just what i am thinking right now so if something i said about anything in here is false regarding the symptoms or the whole dka thing i do apologize, also sorry for making this so long.
anxiety over having made no accomplishments in life i'm almost 40 so my life is nearly half over and i feel like i've done nothing with it. especially because for some stupid reason i've placed all my eggs in one basket and insisted on becoming a successful author no matter how stupid or hard or impossible it is to do that these days. i haven't even tried to date anyone in over 10 years so though i'd like a relationship, i'm socially inept and awkward. i also have a lot of baggage not just from an abusive father but from two abusive relationships i was stupid enough to get into. at my age with my history, no one wants to even attempt to deal with that nonsense and as i said i'm inept at socializing because of my own problems. i don't have a career like my siblings. i don't have a family. i don't even have a job because of a permanent disability making it almost impossible for me to work. though i have written several novels, they more than likely will never see anything resembling profit or commercial success. most of my days are spent playing video games, hating my life, and writing because i'm too stubborn to give up on that dream despite every single sign telling me that i'm old, it's over, and there's no way i'm talented enough to make it work. i know that people will say that i shouldn't measure my success by other people or people around me but let me tell you. it's exceedingly hard to show up to family functions when all your siblings are married professionals with their own houses and you are the loser who has been single for 15 years because she can't manage to get into a relationship that's not abusive and would prefer to stay at home, alone with her cat who's gonna die soon anyway because he's old. if you want to suggest therapy or medication...i've done both. medication isn't a fix for me and i've tried it on and off for years. therapy has been a constant in my life since i was 18 so if you can possibly imagine it i was far worse than this before now. if anything i could possibly say it's a miracle that i've come as far as i have with recovering from abuse, dealing with addiction, an eating disorder, and my anxiety issues. yet, at the same time, i desire things that i'm 99 sure i can never have and i know i'm running out of time. is there any way to cope with the fact that my life just isn't going to get fixed and i'm pretty much doomed to waiting the clock out for the next 30 40 years if i'm somehow lucky enough not to get cancer or some other terrible disease?
how to be a supportive partner to someone with health anxiety? hello. new to posting in forums like this, but i am struggling and could use advice perspective. i hope i am allowed to make posts like this, but feel free to remove if it is violating any community rules. amp x200b i found this subreddit when researching health anxiety. my long term partner has been afflicted by this for the last 3 months. i know that is not a very long time, but it's been very hard. it feels like he suddenly starting having heart problems and ended up in the er because he called an ambulance. they said it was panic anxiety, and things have gotten worse since. we have done all the medical tests, and physically the doctors say he is fine and that his symptoms are anxiety. he is convinced otherwise, but i see his behaviors mirrored in all of the posts here. i believe he has health anxiety. amp x200b i'm really trying to be as helpful as i can, but i feel so helpless. i am trying to reassure him that he is okay, but every other day he spirals into believing that he has cancer kidney disease muscular disorders liver cirrhosis, etc etc. he even at one point thought he had an std, which was hurtful to me as his long term partner because i have not been unfaithful and i viewed it as an attack on my character. i realize now that it is us against the anxiety but sometime's it's still hard. before all of this, we used to go and do things all the time. now it feels like we don't go out and any time i can get him out, it's a chore because he feels so sick or anxious . amp x200b he has started therapy, but insists it will not help because he thinks he has a true medical problem and not health anxiety. i want to be as supportive as i can be, but i'm really struggling with how to support without enabling or indulging in his fears. amp x200b so i'm hopeful that this community can help give me some advice on how to help a partner experiencing health anxiety? what is helpful for you to hear from your partners? how can i be the most supportive partner i can be without losing myself which is how i am starting to feel lately ? should i push or encourage him to go out even when he says he is sick? i miss our old life, but i don't want to force him into an activity if he really is ill. alternatively, is there anything i can do to be more empathetic? what do you wish your partner knew about your health anxiety? amp x200b thank you for your advice. i just want to understand and be helpful.
trembling when talking about things i m around, and don t scare me after having bad experience with weed edibles this might be a long post so sorry about that but i just want to have all the details. back in december my now ex girlfriend gave me 2 weed edible gummies that were around a year old i think i m not entirely sure if this is true or not but i think they were each about 50 mg when brand new. this was the first time i ve done any drugs or anything like that not even weed but i wanted them from her and accepted them with a smile on my face being excited to do them. i then get home and eat them both at once and i m feeling pretty awesome and happy but can t really focus on anything and i m laughing a lot and smiling at everything while on a facetime call with some friends. then i start noticing my heart was beating incredibly fast and strong at least i think it was i thought the left side of my chest would explode and started freaking out about that. i ended up freaking out and having a almost full on panic attack and thought i was going to die and forced myself to throw up, then laid in the shower for about 2 hours on the coldest setting not realizing i was shivering and shaking like crazy the entire time i then force myself to sleep and wake up thinking i m dead and feeling like shit for the next week or so and had weird pains in my chest. i then cut off almost all contact with the girlfriend thinking back i shouldn t have done this and i do feel bad i was just so shaken up because of that experience fast forward to now i am around lots of talk about drugs i always have but about 3 weeks ago when i was going to smoke my fiends cart for the first time, just talking about it gave me these tremors and i was shaking until i calmed down about 10 minutes later but i was talking to him with a smile on my face wanting to hit his cart i wasn t scared at all i just got these shakes, these jitters in my legs i don t even understand why their happening when i m actually in front of or about to do drugs that don t even scare me just on wednesday i was going to buy some weed regular flower from my other friend and i got the same trembles just texting him and had to play it off with the people next to me saying i m cold. basically what i m asking is what is wrong with me? and how can i overcome these tremors shakes when around these things this may seem really stupid or not a big deal but i m not sure what s causing it please help me thank you.
maybe you do have a health condition, but it's more likely to be benign chronic than whatever you're imagining i used to have bad health anxiety. until i was diagnosed with pots postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome. what is pots? at it's core, it's an increase in heartrate when you're standing. to be diagnosed you need to have a standing heartrate that's 30 bpm higher than your supine lying down heartrate. but what is pots really? it's a complex condition of the autonomic nervous system. there are dozens of possible symptoms, all somewhat benign, ranging from heart palpitations to nausea to trouble regulating temperature. some people with pots aren't affected much while others are confined to a wheelchair because of their fainting spells. yes it can be a terrible experience, but it is not fatal. so why am i telling you guys this? because there's a 100 conditions like pots. simple, relatively harmless conditions that make you feel uncomfortable, but pose no risk to your life. to name a few raynauds disease intensely cold fingers toes fibromyalgia pain aches in muscles arthritis pain in bones asthma difficulty breathing tmj jaw pain, headaches crohn's disease abdominal pain, gas, diarrhea, vomiting cyclic vomiting disease recurring vomiting spells ovarian cysts pain in pelvis, back or side hypothyroidism fatigue, weight gain, hair loss anemia fatigue, coldness sleep apnea sleepiness, snoring i'm not saying that it's easy to live with these conditions. no way. most of them suck. however, they are not cancer, they are not heart disease, they are not multiple sclerosis. so when you're listing your symptoms, focus on what the most probably cause . neck pain? you probably have text neck . stomachache? you probably ate something that your stomach doesn't agree with. headache? you probably have some environmental or dietary trigger. r healthanxiety is very near and dear to my heart. i spent many anxious nights terrified because of heart palpitations, difficulty breathing, muscle cramps. i can't tell you how much of a weight off my shoulders its been to have a diagnosis. i should've mentioned that the caused of my pots is mitochondrial dysfunction, which comes with another huge slew of symptoms i hope anyone here with an undiagnosed chronic condition can find a diagnosis and treatment asap. i know it's hard to keep your head on straight until that happens, but try to! you are your best advocate. amp x200b amp x200b
concussion anxiety taking over my life let me just preface this by saying i've been essentially the hugest hypochondriac my entire life, even to the point of freaking out over a bat maybe biting me after it flew over my head once. i've never been this anxious about anything because getting a life threatening tbi is my hugest fear and it's basically consumed me. almost two full days ago, i slammed my head four times within two or so hours against a few different walls. not ruthlessly hard, but just hard enough to worry. i matched basically no concussion symptoms at the time but it hasn't stopped me from flipping out excessively. since i woke up yesterday though, i've gotten minor potential symptoms that made it so i couldn't function in my normal life without freaking out, which has worried me. while i didn't get a headache, i had minor, non painful, yet strange feeling head pressure, especially when moving it, slight sensitivity to light, occasionally feeling dazed, me not being able to remember or place words in sentences, etc. it became rough trying to figure out which 'symptoms' were from me freaking myself out, and which could be potentially real. i even stopped drinking coffee because i'm so freaked out caffeine could make my 'concussion' worse. the worst part came last night, when i dozed off while hanging out with friends watching a movie around 8. i couldn't sleep. i kept jerking myself awake and my body refused to do anything, heart racing, and it got to the point i kept taking 20 hour power naps until midnight where i'd wake up in a total daze with some of the worst anxiety i've had in my life. so, reasonably, i googled symptoms to subdermal hematomas, which freaked me out even more, because now i'm convinced i have a brain bleed. i woke up this morning and i still feel dazed, still shaking, even though the only remaining concussion symptom is me feeling pretty dumb and detached from the world. even after friends who've had real concussions reassured me, nothing's helped, in fact me googling shit made it worse like always. i guess my rant results to me asking whether or not i'm justified being like this. i've been honest to god debating on just driving to an er or something immediately despite potential freakout and the fact i'm only 18 because almost nothing else has entered my mind. the anxiety has been consuming me, and i'm 100 convinced i'm dying, and it's the worst.
dog died on new years, scared of rabies okay so i posted this on the anxiety subreddit and that should of been enough but my anxiety still is being awful so uh posting this here too since health anxiety is a big one for be in general anyway...? sorry basically, i had an old dog, like 14 years old. he started sleeping a lot more around christmas, and all, and when i cold front blew in that week, he started having a harder time walking around he'd been wobbly already , and then thursday he collapsed on his front legs and couldn't eat back up. his front legs couldn't move, but back legs were fine, and he ate and drank what we gave him fine. during that thursday i absent minded lot scratched the inside of my nose after doing something and he licked, which is what started the paranoia. my poor dog couldn't move, but his back legs still could and his jaw never got paralyzed and he never got the excess salivating deal. we have him pain meds at a vets advice, which seemed to of gotten his front legs working again, still back legs working too, he just couldn't get up yet. but he was moving more, his head too. he even ate that day. unfortunately, he started bloating, fell into a coma, and died that day, which was new years. i've brought my paranoia up with the vet, and he did say with everything i told him and showed him that rabies shouldn't even be a concern. another commenter seemed to agree too. and yeah, i know better he wasn't even paralyzed in that way, it was the pain in his bones the pain meds helped him, in those final moments. and he never had a hanging mouth, he could move it and eat fine, and didn't foam or excessively salivate or anything. but even still, i've been absolutely paranoid every since despite knowing better. despite knowing that wouldn't of been rabies, since if it was his limbs wouldn't of gotten better but my mind keeps telling me what if it is, what if it is what if it's too late and you'll have it and your mom will have it and you'll die ugh. i know i'm going to get a full doctor checkup tomorrow, and take steps to get help with my anxiety, but as it is right now it still feels so awful and constraining. i can't even focus on my usually drawing or other creative ideas because this anxiety has gotten in the way so much. i can't even properly grieve my dogs death because of this. i'm scared despite being told that it shouldn't even be a consideration. i hate it.
loss of appetite for over a month i believe i got the flu right on christmas day, most likely caused by eating extremely spicy popcorn which i have been eating somewhat frequently prior. went to the er about 4 days after and got nothing but laughs from the doctor saying there's nothing wrong. been eating nothing but rice porridge and shredded pork for over a week. i could hold food down but have completely lost the urge to eat since, would occasionally eat out to try and care for my hunger pangs that i think i was having. at first it was difficult to eat or even will myself to eat, got better, then got worse again. at this point, i could hardly eat and have to seriously think about whether or not i am hungry since it's seemingly impossible to tell when it was as easy as a stomach growl before then. 5 6 days ago, i think i got food poisoning, now i absolutely can't eat anything. got the flu shot maybe 2 days prior and things only seemed to get worse then. would often puke but wouldn't see food come back out, mostly what looked like saliva had nothing but rice porridge after all . went to the doctor's office and was prescribed ranitidine, the medication may have cause this sense of looming nervousness but it's most likely just me since i've been fine with it every other time after about the second day of taking it or so. decided that it was now necessary to force feed myself to jumpstart my appetite along with light walking 1 2 miles after each meal or so, i wasn't physically active at all prior, worse since i was bedridden during the flu . i fear that i'm overeating when i've been told to eat 5 6 small meals each day, i've also grown terribly impatient with my recovery seeing as how this has been going on for over a month. i would often feel incredibly miserable and every day i was plagued with anxiety until i decided to force feed myself, i don't care about getting fat anymore, i just want my appetite back, but now i'm starting to fear that i'm going about this the wrong way. the feelings of hopelessness and anxiety have hardly gotten better and while i don't suspect my loss of appetite is due to my anxiety, i can never be too sure. the whole reason why i even had anxiety in the first place was because of how sudden my loss of appetite was, and how i was unable to self diagnose myself since i felt no abdominal pain whatsoever, i'm at a loss as to what's going on with my body.
there is always light at the other end of the tunnel! just a little backstory i have had hypochondria that has steadily i creased in terms of severity, since late last november. over this period of time i have been worried about going deaf, having heart disease dying of a heart attack, going blind, having the hantavirus, having lung cancer, and the most recent one skin cancer. throughout all of my fictional illnesses, even with the consideration of how rare they are to my specific case, i continued to believe i had them. i mean heck, i live in australia and there are only 15 cases a year of the hantavirus out of the whole country. didn t matter. my brain knew i would be in that 0.00000062 chance of getting it. although of this considerably unrealistic thinking, i still believe that deep down i knew i did not have the virus. enter, skin cancer. out of all of my fears, this one really stood out to me. i had an oh shit moment where i realised my petty fears before where nothing compared to this beast. due to the fact i am a relatively avid golfer who plays without sunscreen and typically without a hat, this fear was so real to me. book the doctors in, a 16 day wait i shit you not. in the beginning of this wait i was fine because my worries were on other things. however, approaching the date i developed absolute chaos inside of my head. i head to google and establish... yep... must be stage 4 skin cancer, this is the end. for the week i could not attend school, maintaining the fear there was a long road of chemotherapy, doctors appointments and eventually death, ahead of me. today i finally go in to the get the skin check. i was essentially prepared to have my life torn to shreds if i needed to get a biopsy, and then to wait for the results of said biopsy. doc looks at practically every mole on my body nothing. no stage 4 cancer. no risk of death. just, nothing. although other worries have taken the limelight of the skin cancer, i maintain a sense of happiness and humour about how much i work myself up. how much i google every single one of my bloody symptoms. not just i however we all do. this story was to simply let people know that there always light at the other end of the tunnel and i cannot say it enough stop googling your symptoms. if you are really worried about something, get it checked up with your doctor asap and put your concerns put to rest by the professional!
telling the difference between anxiety and something else? upper stomach throat so i've had these symptoms for more than a month now...getting close to 2 and i know i'm freaking out about them. earlier i felt like i couldn't breathe and something might be wrong with my heart and that got all checked out, got normal blood tests, everything was fine and i finally saw my primary care who said my anxiety seemed really bad. so i felt silly for getting over anxious and i have a therapy appointment and a meds appointment and everything to deal with my anxiety. so that's all set to be dealt with. that said, everything started in my throat upper stomach and that hasn't really been checked besides me going ahhh and doctor's looking down my throat apparently it looked bad at first, but now looks fine . i'm having discomfort and some mild pain in a very specific area right under my breast in the center...front and back...the pain mostly in the back, and discomfort in the front. i burp every time i eat, i never burped before at all and the discomfort is worse when i eat and sometimes relieved when i burp. i have mild nausea. i have mucus in my throat, a white coating on my tongue. and this has been going on for the full 1 month . i'm just not sure...is this just anxiety should i try to ignore it until my therapy appt? is it indigestion or gas or acid reflux or something mild like that the primary care guy suggested acid reflux, but i'm been trying various remedies for all this type of stuff and nothing seems to help ? or should i ask to be checked? my doctor does have an electronic place where i can ask a question but i just feel silly since i know my anxiety is bad and it might just be anxiety. i see discomfort in this area can be related to like an ulcer or a hernia so i guess that would be my anxiety but mainly i just hate feeling so uncomfortable and having trouble eating so if there's any possibility it's physical i'd like to get it fixed! does anyone have any advice or similar experience? edit so here's what ended up helping my acute anxiety. 1 i stopped googling. 2 i remembered that while i felt sure i had an ulcer i felt sure a few days ago that i had anemia thyroid problems heart problems and i did get tested for those...and they were all fine, so it's likely this would turn out fine too even though i feel so sure. 3 i distracted myself and tried to do something else.
telling the difference between anxiety and something else? upper stomach throat so i've had these symptoms for more than a month now...getting close to 2 and i know i'm freaking out about them. earlier i felt like i couldn't breathe and something might be wrong with my heart and that got all checked out, got normal blood tests, everything was fine and i finally saw my primary care who said my anxiety seemed really bad. so i felt silly for getting over anxious and i have a therapy appointment and a meds appointment and everything to deal with my anxiety. so that's all set to be dealt with. that said, everything started in my throat upper stomach and that hasn't really been checked besides me going ahhh and doctor's looking down my throat apparently it looked bad at first, but now looks fine . i'm having discomfort and some mild pain in a very specific area right under my breast in the center...front and back...the pain mostly in the back, and discomfort in the front. i burp every time i eat, i never burped before at all and the discomfort is worse when i eat and sometimes relieved when i burp. i have mild nausea. i have mucus in my throat, a white coating on my tongue. and this has been going on for the full 1 month . i'm just not sure...is this just anxiety should i try to ignore it until my therapy appt? is it indigestion or gas or acid reflux or something mild like that the primary care guy suggested acid reflux, but i'm been trying various remedies for all this type of stuff and nothing seems to help ? or should i ask to be checked? my doctor does have an electronic place where i can ask a question but i just feel silly since i know my anxiety is bad and it might just be anxiety. i see discomfort in this area can be related to like an ulcer or a hernia so i guess that would be my anxiety but mainly i just hate feeling so uncomfortable and having trouble eating so if there's any possibility it's physical i'd like to get it fixed! does anyone have any advice or similar experience? edit so here's what ended up helping my acute anxiety. 1 i stopped googling. 2 i remembered that while i felt sure i had an ulcer i felt sure a few days ago that i had anemia thyroid problems heart problems and i did get tested for those...and they were all fine, so it's likely this would turn out fine too even though i feel so sure. 3 i distracted myself and tried to do something else.
new here and need support hello, i am a sufferer of health anxiety and have been learning a lot about this disorder recently. i've always battled anxiety and depression but it hit an entirely new level when i was pregnant with my son who is now 4 and since his birth. throughout his pregnancy, i was convinced something was wrong with him. i was never relaxed or trusting, despite having a textbook pregnancy with no issues. since his birth, i have been obsessed and i do mean obsessed with having breast cancer. i have had an absolute terror of cancer my whole life but it has reached a new level of hell in the past few years. i have to say and this is me venting here i am incredibly resentful of the overabundance of information on the internet about breast cancer because every time i google anything to do with my boobs it comes up as cancer. and it's because of this i have ended up in my lady doctor's office 4 times now, showing her my breasts and the new dimple or vein or whatever that i have recently discovered. in my research on health anxiety, i have learned that it falls more on the ocd spectrum than anything else, which makes a lot of sense to me. my fear of breast cancer has become an obsession, taking over my life at times and preventing me from enjoying anything. and the way i deal with it is compulsive by chronically checking myself, over and over and over again, in the mirror with my hands, etc. i feel like i am discovering some new symptom every other day. before anyone asks, no, i have not had a mammogram. i stopped breastfeeding my son 4 months ago and was advised to wait until at least 6 months. i have had my breasts looked at and examined and, each time, the doctor has said that things look and feel totally normal. they've also reminded me that by breastfeeding my son past 2 years, i have reduced my lifetime risk for bc by 30 40 . i mostly know this is irrational, and that my behavior mimics ocd. i am reading books on the subject, and have schedule an appointment with a specialist who uses emdr for trauma and anxiety. so, hopefully those things will help. i have tried 4 different types of medications and none have worked because, apparently, i am one of the people for whom ssris don't work. lucky me! anyway, i am rambling. i guess i am looking for support and stories. can you relate? have you found help? i am scared and sad and desperate.
how i am almost over my health anxiety quick intro 3 years a go i had an incident in the shower that mimicked a stroke. i came out of it unharmed but it messed me up psychologically. ever since then my body takes any feeling it gets and goes into panic mode. now i hate driving, i hate taking a shower, i hate exercising. you name it, if i makes me hot, i get anxious. at onc point i was so anxious showering i had to sit down and hold on for dear life the entire time i was in there. now i'm about 80 over it. and form my experience the only way over it is to go through it. and what i mean by that is you need to face this demon head on. i know its the last thing you want to hear but trust me. if you never face it you will be running forever. however it will take time for your brain to rewrite its default path ways. so at the moment the default behavior is fear, and to curl up and say please dont hurt me. so your brain interprets it as a threat and will spiral out of control causing all sorts of symptoms the worst of which being a panic attack. now next time you start getting the fear coming on try this instead. say to your fear out loud just kill me then bring it on lets see what you can do and taunt your fear and let what ever you think is going to happen happen. by wanting the what ever it is you are afraid of to happen will make the fear vanish. another thing to think. if you were to say have a heart attack it would just happen... whether you worried or not. worrying isnt going to some how miraculously save you. at my lowest the turning point for me was when i just thought i'd rather be dead than to feel like this anymore. and from then on i basically laid down my life to my fear and said just kill me. kill me now or shut the fuck up. i needed to hit rock bottom so i could rebuild my brain the right way. and for a few weeks i just kept saying kill me now or shut up over and over until my brain started using the new default behavior. it can take months to retrain your brain and then add years on that to fully forget. but this is what is working for me. tldr taunt your fear. egg it on. call it out. ask it to do its worst even if it kills you. let it flow through you and out the other side i bet nothing bad happens tldr 2 if you were going to die it would just happen... whether you worried or not. worry isnt going to some how miraculously save you
where do i begin to get help? i'm a 27 year old female. i've probably had anxiety all my life but have never spoken to a doctor or anyone about it. i feel like im just always in a constant state of worry. so much so that it drives me to have small ocd traits. something as simple as fearing a house fire and having to do a series of steps checking lights before i leave the house. over and over......and over again. it's weird. i'm always worrying about the future, past things i can't change, things i say or do after im with people, how people view me, if i have a too much gene. i'll sit and agonize over things that's so mild for someone to worry about but drives me up a wall. to the point of frustration where i just lose it and cry into a panic. i dont even know where to start to solve this. i feel like the past year it's been horrendous and getting increasingly worse. i'm good at playing it off. i'm good at putting on a show because i've always thought i could handle it lots of people i know feel the same. but it's really starting to take a toll on my life and the things i'm doing or too afraid to even try to do. i feel like i use alcohol and drugs as a way to cope sometimes. not an outrageous amount but i'll have a big drinking night and then will go a week without drinking cause i've worried myself into thinking i have a problem and need self control. i'm so good at people pleasing and acting like everything is fine but i feel like my mind is just in a dark place. telling myself i'll never make it, that i'll always be alone, etc. it's really stupid things to stress over. or at least stupid things to let myself worry about for more than a minute. money is always a bug stress factor for everyone of course but thats the main reason i think i've never gone to get help. i'm not sure how much it cost to afford the help i need or where to even go. not to mention the fear i get trying to explain how i feel to someone and them thinking i'm crazy or i'm making it up how sad to think a professional in this field would judge me.... i just feel like if i dont try to improve my overall mindset towards life then i wont have a fulfilling one. i'll be too afraid to try new things that scare me, i'll stick to my same safe routine, and i'll come home and cry over the big and small worries that run through my head daily. where i do i start to fix this...?
heart anxiety for no reason hello all, first post on here, there's some really good advice from people in here so hopefully someone will have been through something similar to me. i just wondered if anyone else has the same thing as me. i am anxious about having a heart issue, every day, and this doesn't seem to be based on anything at all. there's no family history, i'm relatively young 32 , have had all the heart checks available with nothing being found, my cholesterol is fine, and i can do mild exercise with no pain i'm pretty unfit and just started doing exercise so i'm at a mild level . i threw away my blood pressure monitor because i think it was feeding my anxiety but when i used to take it, it was always in the normal range. but every day, i'll feel my heart beating in my chest at random times. sometimes when i'm lying on my side, and in certain positions on the sofa. sometimes i'll feel a strange vibration feeling in my chest. or i'll feel my heart beat normally, then seem to stop, then thump back into rhythm. my partner will put her ear to my chest and tells me it's beating normally but to me, it feels like it's thumping and missing beats. when i get any of those sensations, i'll worry about what it means and i'll feel panicky, especially if i'm on my own, or in a situation that i can't escape from, such as a plane or recently, on the london eye ferris wheel. maybe it's the thought of help not being easily available to get to me. the current snow in england is making me a little panicky that help won't get to me. along with those weird heart sensations, i'll get chest discomfort, like a heavy indigestion feeling, sometimes odd feelings in my arm, sometimes light headed feelings. none of it is painful, it's just like weird sensations. i've attempted to put my chest sensations down to digestive issues such as acid reflux and i've tried eating better and exercising to improve my health but so far, it hasn't made much difference. i don't know if there is something going on that no one can find or whether i'm literally doing it all to myself. i'm not an anxious person normally. i can talk in public, i'm not socially anxious at all, it seems to be this one and only issue and i've no idea where it came from. does anyone else get these feelings, and if so, how do you ignore them and how have you managed to reduce them?
warning graphic. stomach flu, food poisoning, or neither? hello, last night after going out with my boyfriend to get mongolian grill, i got back to his house and my head began hurting like a migraine. what was even worse is a few minutes later, my stomach started feeling weird. i brushed it off and was able to ignore it, however, normal ly if it is nothing or i am having motion sickness, it dies down after a while. it did not. i began feeling really nauseous, and just plain weird. i was also having a lot of small burps and...gas down there. so then i thought, must be gas as this has happened before. 3 hours go by, and i literally cannot move or i feel like i am going to throw up. we go to his mom s house, and i try to lay down and sleep. and then i got that feeling maybe 30 minutes later, went to the bathroom, and puked up all of my food. i have never puked so much in my life. it hurt really bad, and to make it worse every 30mins 1hr after that i threw up 8 more times, as you can imagine i got zero sleep. it has now been about 5 hours since i threw up, and i feel absolutely fine. my stomach does feel a little raw, as expected. but i am able to sip gatorade and suck on ice chips right now with zero desire to eat. this is where things get nastier about 20 minutes ago i was laying here kind of sitting up, and i felt gas down there so i obviously decided to let it out. worst mistake because, i suddenly felt it was wet down there. and boy, was it. i ran full speed to the restroom, and it turns out to be what appeared as a mixture of super watery diarrhea, and vomit. absolutely disgusting, i showered and here i am now. hours ago before the last few times i puked i did have to poop, it was weird it came out of nowhere and i went and it was big and soft. and then this! what makes my boyfriend s mom suspect it is the stomach flu is because my boyfriend s sister s boyfriend threw up the other night too, however, she didn t get sick, i was nowhere near him, and he had a concussion. i don t have a fever either atleast i don t think i do ? i feel like food poisoning is the culprit because i have had it before and this same thing happened, besides the bathroom situation from what i remember. just constant throwing up over and over again. i did eat a lot of lettuce and spinach, so i hope it isn t e coli. any advice would be appreciated.
warning graphic. stomach flu, food poisoning, or neither? hello, last night after going out with my boyfriend to get mongolian grill, i got back to his house and my head began hurting like a migraine. what was even worse is a few minutes later, my stomach started feeling weird. i brushed it off and was able to ignore it, however, normally if it is nothing or i am having motion sickness, it dies down after a while. it did not. i began feeling really nauseous, and just plain weird. i was also having a lot of small burps and...gas down there. so then i thought, must be gas as this has happened before. 3 hours go by, and i literally cannot move or i feel like i am going to throw up. we go to his mom s house, and i try to lay down and sleep. and then i got that feeling maybe 30 minutes later, went to the bathroom, and puked up all of my food. i have never puked so much in my life. it hurt really bad, and to make it worse every 30mins 1hr after that i threw up 8 more times, as you can imagine i got zero sleep. it has now been about 5 hours since i threw up, and i feel absolutely fine. my stomach does feel a little raw, as expected. but i am able to sip gatorade and suck on ice chips right now with zero desire to eat. this is where things get nastier about 20 minutes ago i was laying here kind of sitting up, and i felt gas down there so i obviously decided to let it out. worst mistake because, i suddenly felt it was wet down there. and boy, was it. i ran full speed to the restroom, and it turns out to be what appeared as a mixture of super watery diarrhea, and vomit. absolutely disgusting, i showered and here i am now. hours ago before the last few times i puked i did have to poop, it was weird it came out of nowhere and i went and it was big and soft. and then this! what makes my boyfriend s mom suspect it is the stomach flu is because my boyfriend s sister s boyfriend threw up the other night too, however, she didn t get sick, i was nowhere near him, and he had a concussion. i don t have a fever either atleast i don t think i do ? i feel like food poisoning is the culprit because i have had it before and this same thing happened, besides the bathroom situation from what i remember. just constant throwing up over and over again. i did eat a lot of lettuce and spinach, so i hope it isn t e coli. any advice would be appreciated.
recent onset of ha, trying to nip it in the bud hi all. back in november i had a rather large health scare. i had a real symptom that i was dealing with for 2 years, i thought it was just something simple so i kept putting it off. i never had ha before, and was so laid back i let this issue go on for 2 years. finally saw a doc about it and immediately was ordered a ct scan. i got afraid it was serious. went in for the scan and had to wait 12 days to get the results back since it was over thanksgiving. i was... not myself these days. pretty much mortified as i was finally coming to terms with my mortality, wishing i went earlier, etc... thankfully, to so much relief, the scans came back clean. the issue i had was very real, however. docs knocked it up to a really bad cold i had that did some damage on my body. annoying, but manageable. thankfully not the big c or a brain tumor. i am healthy. since then, however, i've been shook. it's been some time now, but since i've had more ha than i ever had before. my family line is healthy, i'm relatively healthy, etc. however, i've been over analyzing myself and have thus far 'induced' two issues. the main one being over noticing my eye floaters and oddities i had my whole life, that i literally never had before. eye things seem to be the big thing right now with me, i don't know. i don't have visual snow, but am afraid if i think about it too much, i might get it. i have an eye exam scheduled soon. i was due for a standard one anyway, but i don't know why my mind is in 'something is wrong with your eye' mode when my eyes have been like this my whole life and i have had many normal exams . i really want to nip this in the bud, before it gets too bad. i think it's still 'young' and i can overcome it and beat it before it consumes my life. i need to. i'm looking for self help methods right now. guides, meditations, even books. please do not suggest therapy at this time. it is something i may consider in the future, but i am not in the right place or mindset for it right now had a traumatic experience with it in the past. i need therapy for my therapy. ha. but any advice on self help that i can do right now would be really appreciated. i've been listening to positive affirmations on youtube which has helped a lot. i think i can get over this, i just need direction. thank you so much.
the third appointment in a row where i have not been examined so i am well known to my gp practice recently due to a lot of issues with depression and anxiety. long story short i wasn't fit to work and was very much suffering on the antidepressant that i had been put on. i was suicidal and close to the edge, having panic attacks on the daily etc. i have since come off the antidepressant and it has been thw best decision i have ever made for myself. the anxiety is still there and always has been and i suspect always will be but i am functional again i couldn't even open my work email or answer an unexpected knock on the door without risking a panic attack and now i'm back at work. in the last month i have been experiencing intermittent, stabbing, shooting pains. i have a history of chronic muscle tightness and pain. i am currently in physio for trapezius and neck pain, i also have mid back tightness. i have previously had my legs in casts and afterwards splints to manipulate my calves into the correct position. i know what a muscle cramp feels like. i know what a pulled muscle feels like. i know what a muscle spasm feels like. i know what doms feels like. this new pain is on another level and it is vastly different in nature. i can't sleep, i can't lie comfortably, i can't concentrate properly, i will involuntarily have to change position and grab the effected limb when the pain comes on. the pains that i am experiencing are not in the usual suspects of my calves or back neck but in my groin armpit side back of my thigh and glute area ankle elbow. my google history is looking pretty crazy as a result. i have seen three different doctors at my gp practice about this because i am extremely distressed. not one of them has examined me. all that has happened is that i have been counselled about psychosomatic symptoms being a thing and encouraged to get back on antidepressants. i feel like nobody is taking me seriously and this being the uk gps are very much the gatekeepers to other services. while i would be willing to pay for answers if it comes to it i wouldn't even know where to start because i have no idea what could be causing all this. i'm crying as i'm typing right now from a stabbing pain in my groin. i just cannot believe that it's all in my head when my mental health is so much better now than it was.
convinced i'm dying from visiting auto body shop hi everyone, so basically i m freaking out because i m thinking about how i used to visit my estranged dad s body shop from time to time growing up during the summer. i can t imagine that i would have gone more than 10 15 times or so in a given summer, and some years i probably only went a couple of times, others none at all. i would go to work with him to wash vacuum cars, answer the phone, and sometimes wetsand cars. however, there would be times where i would follow him around to his back shop to check on his employees. or, i would go back there to let him know that a customer was waiting for him. i m currently freaking out bc i can t imagine that being in that environment while guys were doing work could have been good for me, even though i wasn t doing any sanding or painting myself. his back shop is rather large, and he would keep his garage doors open for ventilation https imgur.com fvijwnq see building on the left . i think i remember a couple of times in the winter i was there and he had the doors shut though. i probably opened the door to the paint booth a handful of times to scream in there that someone was waiting for him. my biggest fear is that i ll wind up getting cancer or something years down the line from now. i probably first went to his shop when i was 5, and stopping visiting after i was 18 or 19. i have no idea how secondhand exposure to this stuff works. does this limited secondhand exposure to dust paint as a kid pretty much guarantee problems down the road? or does that typically require years of direct exposure? was my dad 100 in the wrong for letting me come to work with him in the first place? part of me thinks that its quite common for kids to go their family owned businesses, but still. it s gotten to the point where these thoughts dominate my mind, and its very difficult to care about anything, since i feel like i m dead anyway. i think its entirely possible that i m overreacting, and this anxiety is brought on by the fact that i just graduated college and started my first job. can someone please let me know what they think? edit i found some pictures of his shop so that you can see what the environment was like, for what its worth https www.facebook.com pg sudden impact autobody inc 161287353937984 photos ?ref page internal
swallowing air, mostly when laying on my back since the start of this year i ve had really weird symptoms. it started when i suddenly noticed some faint clicking noises at the back of my throat. i got very scared because i was high on weed at that time and since weed does trigger paranoia i was sent into a full blown panic attack. while being in a panic attack i first started swallowing a lot of air due to an anxiety reflex. after sobering up, i was back to normal . but stupid me thought it was okay to smoke weed again so i had my next panic attack, shaking and just feeling and hearing all the air move in my stomach and abdomen. at this point i quit smoking. yet after that incident i noticed, that whenever i laid down on my back and swallowed mostly the normal spit swallow reflex i could hear and feel tiny air bubbles travel down my esophagus. this happens absolutely subconsciously, i cannot control it. i ve also noticed how sometimes my ears and my throat hurts. now i ve become extremely aware of how i breathe, how i swallow and when i feel or hear something weird in my body and this led to searching the internet for various reasons as to why this may be happening to me. i ve thought about hiatus hernia the conditions where the diaphragm pushes into the stomach or the esophagus , gerd but i ve never noticed any acidic reflux , and so on... it s gotten so bad that some nights i can t even sleep because i m having such bad anxiety about my symptoms... i ve gone to three different doctors, the first one completely ignored my symptoms and just said the bloating comes from an intestinal infection or something like that idk , the second one sent me to a therapist to whom i ll go to in march and the third one didn t find anything wtong with me, just like the first one. it s extremely hard for me to live with this condition, because wherever i searched, i ve found absolutely nothing that actually led me to an illness or such. i m using simeticon to relieve the bloating, because i m not able to burp all of the air out. but i may add that i do burp a lot because of the subconcious air swallowing which sometimes happens eventhough i m not laying down. when i lay down on my back though, it happens almost constant. i was wondering if anyone here has or had something similar to this?
i've had health anxiety since 2012, i've been learning to manage it pretty well over the last couple years. today i had a bit of a relapse so i wrote something to get my confidence back. over the last 5 years i have had schizophrenia pancreatic cancer multiple hernias testicular cancer urinary tract infections blood clots dvt pulmonary embolism heart attacks angina stomach ulcers misaligned vertebrae and ribs meningitis bradycardia and tachycardia brain tumors tmj aching shoulders, neck, back gerd and food intolerances somehow i have survived all of these... my symptoms were headaches insomnia shortness of breath palpitations racing thoughts indigestion tight aching muscles dizziness my treatment for these was constantly checking pulse and breathing checking for symmetry pushing and prodding where i felt it hurt until it did hurt twisting and turning until i felt that symptom again avoiding anything that i believed would make my symptoms worse flying, eating certain foods, exercising too much or too little and most importantly googling for the exact scenario i believed to be true e.g. 'headache above left ear associated with brain cancer' or 'sore achilles hill sign of dvt' i have literally spent 1000's on gp's who always tell me the same thing physios chiros missed work miracle cures e.g. magnesium, vitamin b, etc... dietitians ambulances all to conquer my 'sicknesses' the reality is though... i was sick in 2012, i was truly diagnosed with graves disease, and although very treatable and it has been treated . it scared me to my core. i became overaware of every sensation in my body and thought in my mind. i believed that i needed to be aware to ensure i would survive. this habit manifested itself into my true and worst alement health anxiety. health anxiety has stole time and experiences from me for 5 years. it made me doubt myself. it made me loathe myself. it crippled me. however, i have been getting my life back over the last 2 years. but it has taken effort, commitment and the realisation that this is here with me still at least for the time being and without consistent maintenance i'll end up back where i was. some days it still wins, but with each month those days get less and less. my health anxiety no longer and will never again define who i am.
help with accepting anxiety i'm 30 years old male from mexico. since mid january almost to today, i'm been having everything, chest pains, chills, heartburn and i feel the pain in the chest, arms, neck and sometime in the teeth because of clenching my jaw, also burping and yawning like crazy. i've done 3 electrocardiograms in lest than a month and everything came out ok, no hypertrophy, not ischemia, nothing, a healthy heart. i've been into er three times, the second the most severe i had everything, chest pain, brain zap, stomach felt like it collapse and when i got connected into a machine and they told me that i had nothing, i was fine, my lungs where ok and my heart was ok, when they told me that, all the feelings went dissapearing slowly to feel normal again. and this happend the the third time, when i got severe chest pain, the ambulance came to my house and the paramedics connected me into an electrocardiogram machine and told me that i was ok, my heart was ok only that i need to check my pressure because was a bit high and as i was ok they didn't take me to a hospital, i went to er anyways to check my pressure and again i was ok a bit high but nothing to hospitalize me. in the end i've been with multiple doctors even a friend that is also a doctor and they told me the same, i'm at zero risk from a heart attack right now, i'm physically healthy, my collesterol levels are ok, a bit high in the ldl side, but everyone told me that is nothing to worry about. and in the last electro with the chest pain, something should have come out if it was really the heart and that i wouldn't be able to talk or walk as i was everytime. my friend even told me that i wouldn't be there with him as with younger people it tend to be more painfull and more fatal. so in the end the only thing i have left is to accept my anxiety, but i don't know how, every time i want to believe is anxiety, something new comes out and make me doubt about my heart health, i'm literally going crazy. i also being doing things like running and long walks to see if i get unusally tired but that never is the case. what advice can you give me to deal with this, have any of you have pass for something similar?? thanks for reading and sorry for the long post, but i wanted maybe to vent a little
always think i have cancer so i remember it started in high school where i started having a bump grow on a specific spot on my head and i never had any real fear before this time. i remember sitting in my class googling bump in that location and it said swollen lymph node which could be a sign of cancer. at first i was like ok no it s probably just a pimple but then two weeks after that i got another one on my head where another lymph node was supposed to be located. i was terrified and i thought this was it. i went to the doctors made them send me to specialists the whole 9 yards and they kept telling me that s not a lymph node but i was convinced they had no idea what they were talking about because i read so many articles on google. turns out they were just cysts. since then that has sparked my fear of always thinking i had cancer. that was 3 years ago and since then i have been convinced i had bone cancer, brain cancer and now stomach cancer. i have been a heavy weed smoker for a while and i started to get a tightness and cramping pains in my stomach i associated with the weed. so i quit and 2 days after quitting i got really bad runs, i was nauseas, and i threw up a couple times. i lost 15 pounds during this period which was a feeder into yep it s cancer. the strange thing is when i stared getting better my symptoms only appeared in the morning. after this period i thought maybe it was just a sickness and not the weed so i smoked all day everyday again for another week but then started waking up nauseas so i quit again and again a couple days after quitting i got the runs. it s been brutal and i have since gotten a lot better. although my stomach still hasn t gone back to normal i m now terrified every morning because that s usually when i go the bathroom and i freak out i have stomach cancer. i wouldn t leave my doctor alone at the time and made her run so many tests and everything always came back fine. i just want to know how some people got over this irrational fear. i m only 19 and on the cancer statistics website shows less than 1 of people who get this cancer are under 20 and most of them have a family history of it so my chances are very unlikely which i can understand but a part of me is still terrified. thanks in advance!
always think i have cancer so i remember it started in high school where i started having a bump grow on a specific spot on my head and i never had any real fear before this time. i remember sitting in my class googling bump in that location and it said swollen lymph node which could be a sign of cancer. at first i was like ok no it s probably just a pimple but then two weeks after that i got another one on my head where another lymph node was supposed to be located. i was terrified and i thought this was it. i went to the doctors made them send me to specialists the whole 9 yards and they kept telling me that s not a lymph node but i was convinced they had no idea what they were talking about because i read so many articles on google. turns out they were just cysts. since then that has sparked my fear of always thinking i had cancer. that was 3 years ago and since then i have been convinced i had bone cancer, brain cancer and now stomach cancer. i have been a heavy weed smoker for a while and i started to get a tightness and cramping pains in my stomach i associated with the weed. so i quit and 2 days after quitting i got really bad runs, i was nauseas, and i threw up a couple times. i lost 15 pounds during this period which was a feeder into yep it s cancer. the strange thing is when i stared getting better my symptoms only appeared in the morning. after this period i thought maybe it was just a sickness and not the weed so i smoked all day everyday again for another week but then started waking up nauseas so i quit again and again a couple days after quitting i got the runs. it s been brutal and i have since gotten a lot better. although my stomach still hasn t gone back to normal i m now terrified every morning because that s usually when i go the bathroom and i freak out i have stomach cancer. i wouldn t leave my doctor alone at the time and made her run so many tests and everything always came back fine. i just want to know how some people got over this irrational fear. i m only 19 and on the cancer statistics website shows less than 1 of people who get this cancer are under 20 and most of them have a family history of it so my chances are very unlikely which i can understand but a part of me is still terrified. thanks in advance!
terrified of catching the flu after ent visit. i've been a huge germaphobe for as long as i can remember. in the spring and summer it usually doesn't cause me to much distress, but once cold and flu season pick up, it starts to have a greater impact on my mental health and my ability to function. earlier today, i had my bi yearly appointment with my ent to get my ears cleaned out i produce a ton of wax . i was super anxious going into the appointment as there is a very bad cold going around my area right now, and the flu is widespread. i took hand sanitizer with me and was prepared to grab a mask if the waiting room was busy. thankfully, there wasnt a single patient in the waiting room. i was called back quickly, the nurse took some info, i sanitized my hands, and then my ent entered the room. he shook my hand, and then sanitized his, and got to work cleaning me out. once he finished i asked a quick question about how to avoid facial and ear pain on a long flight, and he suggested the vasalva maneuver. he demonstrated it for me, and then asked me to try it. ordinarily, i dont touch my face under any circumstances, but since i had just sanitized my hands and since i was just pinching the outside of my nose i was careful not to get too close to my nostrils , i figured it would be okay. so i pinched my nose very briefly and went on my way. on the drive home i started to think about it a bit more, and realized that after i sanitized my hands, i shook his hand, so my hands probably were not very clean when i pinched my nose shut. and i started to get really worried that in doing so, i probably exposed myself to tons of cold flu germs that will infect me in the coming days. now i'm anxious as can be, trying to find some rational reason why i shouldn't be worried here, so i can calm down a bit. i havent had any luck yet. can anybody help me out here? also, just for the record, i'm seeing a therapist twice a week to help with these things. we just started back in october, but unfortunately he's been out of town all of december for the holidays. i've backtracked a good bit in his absence. i'm also more anxious than usual about getting sick because i have a vacation coming up next week and i really dont want to have a cold flu while traveling.
rabies anxiety long term incubation i'm not sure how many of you are familiar with rabies as the subject of your health anxiety, but one of the worrisome things about it is that there have been documented cases where the incubation period after exposure to the virus has been years and years, as high as 25 years in one case although the evidence for it is not definite . a few other examples of long incubation periods include 4 6 years, and around 15. my fear here is that despite not having rabies yet, i am incubating this terrifying virus and will ultimately die from encephalitis and insanity, which is the outcome of all rabies diagnoses. 11 years and 8 months ago i handled two baby raccoons over a period of days my aunt found in her yard after her dog killed the mother. we kept them for probably 3 days, and i would imagine my aunt had them for 2 or 3 days as well, before we gave them to a local animal hospital which gave them to a local wildlife rehabilitation center before release. after dropping them off with the clinic we never heard anything else from them. my father confirmed with me yesterday that he left his contact information. i called them yesterday and they don't have documentation about it that far back, but the woman on the phone was not exactly reassuring because apparently a local, unlicensed person was doing the rehabilitation back then. still, it's someone who would have had the animals in their care for a period of time that would have seen anything to indicate rabies. i don't recall the animals behaving strangely, but that doesn't say much. i also don't recall being scratched to show blood maybe some white marking from their little claws, but no deep contact and if they did get saliva on me, i don't imagine it was on an open wound. my aunt, father, two neighborhood friends have not gotten rabies. we never heard anything back from the animal hospital. the only report of raccoon rabies is from 2003, before this happened in 2006. in that county in 2006 there was only one documented case of raccoon rabies in the wild not humans . for the length of time we had the animals, we would have seen some sort of odd behavior. and it's been almost 12 years. what are the chances i'm a case study for long term rabies incubation?
severe hypochondria after being on accutane hey everyone. most of my life i have never thought twice about a physical symptom and was confident in my health. however, that changed when i went on accutane to help my cystic acne in august 2018. i started experiencing physical symptoms such as an increased resting heart rate all the time around 100 or more bpm when it used to be around 75 , stomach issues like indigestion and weird bubbling gurgling coming up my throat and noises in my stomach when i sucked it in and out which i later researched and believe is succussion splash. i was feeling very anxious about how my body was feeling and felt like i was changing, like i wasn't the same person. i know accutane is associated with horror stories so that just fueled my anxiety. i stopped the medicine at only 2.5 months instead of completing the full course which was supposed to be 6 months. i was so concerned about my symptoms that i went to three doctors, got an ekg, echocardiogram, different blood tests, and capsule endoscopy. doctors said everything was normal . cardiologist agrees that my pulse was a little higher than normal but still in the normal range and that it's nothing to be worried about diagnosed it as inappropriate sinus tachycardia i haven't been able to do things normal ly since then. i have had better days where i forget my symptoms but it has been bad lately. i went on a trip recently with my mother and i was incredibly anxious the entire time because my symptoms were heightened. i never had trouble with trips so the fact that i am unable to handle things the way i used to is very concerning. i haven't been able to eat normal ly as i feel nauseous often and have lost weight without trying. i have also felt dizzy and numb? half of me is saying there is something is terribly wrong with me and that i need to get more tests done and second and third opinions and the other half is saying that my anxiety is what is actually causing the symptoms. it's a vicious cycle. i never used to be this way. it started when i took that medication and my mind is telling me that i will never be the same because of 2.5 months on an acne drug. meanwhile doctors told me that i am 100 healthy. please give me advice on what i should do.
has anyone s anxiety gave them upper back pains? 23f. i am currently dealing with upper back pains specifically in between and around my shoulder blades and i have no idea the cause. i don t work out, nor i barely lift anything more than 5lbs. i work in retail, the most my body ever hurts is when i finally sit down and my feet. i sleep in the same left side position i have been for the last 2 years or so and this also helped out with my gastric issues. i m not sure if it s my posture, but i can t disagree that it could be. but, i get no relief when i straighten my back. this pain ache does have the tendency to migrate between left and right, spreads out in a line, and seems to never go past 1 2 inch of my shoulder blades. the most that has changed in the last two months was my health anxiety, brought on because i thought i had esophageal cancer spoiler i don t and was actually suffering from an abnormal narrowing of my esophagus and was later discovered that i also had a mild case of gastritis and duodenitis that was definitely caused by my anxiety. back to normal , lab work said that i had no infection or pre cancerous tissue with a follow up of a barium swallow tomorrow. i got over and past my anxiety towards esophageal and stomach cancer. but, my upper back pain is starting to trigger me badly because i can t stop switching between you have lung cancer ... nope, it s pancreatic cancer .... lung cancer .... pancreatic cancer and so on and so forth. i started checking for jaundice, my breathing, my lymph nodes, webmd ing mayo clinic ing, the whole sha bang. the upper back pain came on roughly last week during a horrible nausea and vomiting episode for not taking my ppi. most of my body went to normal , but my back didn t. it doesn t really help that during my episode... my entire back spazzed and stiffened up when i was laying down on my back. didn t stop until i managed to turn to my side. yesterday, i panicked so badly that i made an appointment with a counselor, a psychiatrist, and a physician. tl dr i have migrating upper back pains for 2 weeks, no known cause from what i know. bad ha in the last 2 months. i m becoming fearful that it s between pancreatic and or lung cancer. i m just trying to live my best life...
anxiety the cause of fatigue and other symptoms? hey guys! normal ly i try to avoid seeking reassurance as much as possible, but right now i m just too scared, so i feel the need to share. it s quite a lot, so please bear with me. i m a guy who has experienced all kinds of vague symptoms for about one and a half year. it all started when i experienced dizziness and nausea while exercising, which was strange because i was a young and sporty guy. i then started experiencing the following symptoms on a daily basis chest pains palpitations dizziness feeling off balance feeling like i can t take a full breath loss of appetite, felt sick after one bite of food feeling like i would pass out without actually passing out worsening of symptoms in heat cold nervousness, anxiety, panic attacks i am especially worried about my heart and have had several ecg s, 5 day holter, 2 stress tests and an echocardiogram. apart from pac s pvc s, which my cardiologist says are benign, nothing bad was found. the diagnosis was hypochondria anxiety. on the one hand it sounds believable to me, as i have experienced social anxiety and body dysmorphia in the past. on the other hand, i can t accept that it s just anxiety because of the severity of the symptoms. almost a year of therapy have not improved the symptoms much either. i don t experience full blown panic attacks or chest pains as often as i used to. instead i have been getting more palpitations and heavy fatigue. the fatigue is a relatively new symptom that started 4 months ago, and it scares me the most. i usually have energy in the morning, but from around 12 the fatigue sets in, preventing me from doing anything. when i googled it, i found out fatigue is linked to heart disease, making me even more anxious. my doctor says that it is due to adrenal fatigue and lack of activity, which finally leads to my question... can such heavy fatigue really be caused by anxiety or a lack of activity i am scared to exercise and don t leave the house much ? is it possible that i m just experiencing some kind of burn out from being anxious for a over a year? i find it so hard to believe, since i m also tired on days that i m seemingly not anxious. thanks for bearing with my long story! cheers!
anxiety the cause of fatigue and other symptoms? hey guys! normally i try to avoid seeking reassurance as much as possible, but right now i m just too scared, so i feel the need to share. it s quite a lot, so please bear with me. i m a guy who has experienced all kinds of vague symptoms for about one and a half year. it all started when i experienced dizziness and nausea while exercising, which was strange because i was a young and sporty guy. i then started experiencing the following symptoms on a daily basis chest pains palpitations dizziness feeling off balance feeling like i can t take a full breath loss of appetite, felt sick after one bite of food feeling like i would pass out without actually passing out worsening of symptoms in heat cold nervousness, anxiety, panic attacks i am especially worried about my heart and have had several ecg s, 5 day holter, 2 stress tests and an echocardiogram. apart from pac s pvc s, which my cardiologist says are benign, nothing bad was found. the diagnosis was hypochondria anxiety. on the one hand it sounds believable to me, as i have experienced social anxiety and body dysmorphia in the past. on the other hand, i can t accept that it s just anxiety because of the severity of the symptoms. almost a year of therapy have not improved the symptoms much either. i don t experience full blown panic attacks or chest pains as often as i used to. instead i have been getting more palpitations and heavy fatigue. the fatigue is a relatively new symptom that started 4 months ago, and it scares me the most. i usually have energy in the morning, but from around 12 the fatigue sets in, preventing me from doing anything. when i googled it, i found out fatigue is linked to heart disease, making me even more anxious. my doctor says that it is due to adrenal fatigue and lack of activity, which finally leads to my question... can such heavy fatigue really be caused by anxiety or a lack of activity i am scared to exercise and don t leave the house much ? is it possible that i m just experiencing some kind of burn out from being anxious for a over a year? i find it so hard to believe, since i m also tired on days that i m seemingly not anxious. thanks for bearing with my long story! cheers!
lifelong hypochondriac health anxiety. i didn't even know this reddit existed until someone told me today after i posted in r xxketo about my platelet count. i am 33 years old and started with the ha when i was 16. i went to the doctor yesterday after troubling symptoms for a few weeks. i had a baby 3 months ago and gained 50 pounds, so i have attributed my symptoms to weird hormones and my dieting, but my health anxiety has come back full swing and now i'm obsessing about cancer of the lungs, ovaries, lymphoma leukemia and stomach etc..i also obsess about my heart rate, lymph nodes, i constantly check my fingers for capillary refill, check pulse, temp, blood pressure and pupils. i have also obsessed about blood clots in the legs lungs since this all started in 2001. i get blurry vision and dizziness vertigo often, along with a burning stomach, throat and esophagus, constant post nasal drip, and tingling in my hands arms and legs feet. hot cold flashes, weirdish night sweat hardly any sweating, really and i have had severe joint pain and swollen, red joints since 2015. it's intermittent and comes and goes. they have done ra bloodwork and gotten nothing, even though my grandmother had ra and my aunt has lupus. today i got my lab work and literally everything was amazingly perfect except my platelets, which were 384 it said the range is 150 379 and my t3 uptake for my thyroid was low..by 2 points. my doctor hasn't said anything yet, i have an appointment again next week to discuss the results. every part of me is so stiff and hurts so bad. my joints sear with pain and aching and my muscles are in total knots. i always feel nervous and anxious, i feel nauseated and not even prilosec helps. it hurts to move sometimes. my bloodwork is always pretty much normal ish, this is the first time i've gotten something even remotely off. i'm always scared i'm going to die. i feel so vulnerable like i'll break if i push myself or do anything. i have tried cbd oil, kratom, cannabis and then also prescription drugs like zoloft, celexa lexapro, ativan only thing that ever helped me. this is the worst condition to suffer from and i wouldn't wish this kind of torment on my worst enemy. i hate this shit. i know ya'll do, too.
my hiv hypochondria is acting up again hey guys, so i had been sleeping with this guy rob on and off since 2016 and around august last year i started to get anxious about his status after stalking his exes facebook. i noticed she had cold sores on her lips and the last time i saw her in 2015 i saw her with cold sores. at first i thought it was normal because lots of people have and get cold sores but when i saw a recent picture of her on facebook with the same if not worse cold sores. this concerned me because to my knowledge only people who are immuno compromised get recurring cold sores that often. i had spoken to rob about his status earlier and he assured me he was healthy and i chose to believe him but after speaking to one of my girl friends she was surprised at how quick i was to believe him. she said verbatim guys can lie and i don't trust these uni boys keep in mind i live in kenya where hiv is prevalent. this comment really freaked me out and i was sure he lied to me. i started freaking out and going crazy because of the picture of his ex coupled with my friend's comments, i was sure i had contracted the virus. at this time i started sending him cryptic messages alluding to him infecting me but he didn't get which then forced me to plainly ask are you hiv positive? he quickly replied no i'm not. i checked, you also checked and i went and got tested and my results returned negative this wasn't a rapid test it was the one you wait two days for . i felt so bad about accusing him and we stopped speaking. skip forward 3 months and we start fucking again. we met up and fucked 2 more times before i officially ended it for good. now my mind is going back to thoughts that i'm hiv positive again. i keep thinking that maybe the first 6 times we met up and fucked the virus missed me and on the last 7th and 8th time the virus may have stuck. is that possible? tldr had been hooking up with a guy since dec 2016 and started getting anxious about his hiv status. got tested in august 2017 and results came back negative. started fucking him again in october 2017 and stopped in november. is it possible that he is positive and the virus missed me the first 6 times we fucked and got me the last two times we did it?
lifelong hypochondriac health anxiety. i didn't even know this reddit existed until someone told me today after i posted in r xxketo about my platelet count. i am 33 years old and started with the ha when i was 16. i went to the doctor yesterday after troubling symptoms for a few weeks. i had a baby 3 months ago and gained 50 pounds, so i have attributed my symptoms to weird hormones and my dieting, but my health anxiety has come back full swing and now i'm obsessing about cancer of the lungs, ovaries, lymphoma leukemia and stomach etc..i also obsess about my heart rate, lymph nodes, i constantly check my fingers for capillary refill, check pulse, temp, blood pressure and pupils. i have also obsessed about blood clots in the legs lungs since this all started in 2001. i get blurry vision and dizziness vertigo often, along with a burning stomach, throat and esophagus, constant post nasal drip, and tingling in my hands arms and legs feet. hot cold flashes, weirdish night sweat hardly any sweating, really and i have had severe joint pain and swollen, red joints since 2015. it's intermittent and comes and goes. they have done ra bloodwork and gotten nothing, even though my grandmother had ra and my aunt has lupus. today i got my lab work and literally everything was amazingly perfect except my platelets, which were 384 it said the range is 150 379 and my t3 uptake for my thyroid was low..by 2 points. my doctor hasn't said anything yet, i have an appointment again next week to discuss the results. every part of me is so stiff and hurts so bad. my joints sear with pain and aching and my muscles are in total knots. i always feel nervous and anxious, i feel nauseated and not even prilosec helps. it hurts to move sometimes. my bloodwork is always pretty much normalish, this is the first time i've gotten something even remotely off. i'm always scared i'm going to die. i feel so vulnerable like i'll break if i push myself or do anything. i have tried cbd oil, kratom, cannabis and then also prescription drugs like zoloft, celexa lexapro, ativan only thing that ever helped me. this is the worst condition to suffer from and i wouldn't wish this kind of torment on my worst enemy. i hate this shit. i know ya'll do, too.
terrified of a brain ct scan i had sorry guys, long post but i just need to get this off my chest and i feel like i'm going crazy... firstly, i'm a 23 y.o. male in relatively good health training and playing sports 4ish times a week. so recently i was having a weird pain on the right side of my brain and ongoing pressure that didn't go away for about 4 days. eventually i went to the doctor who said we should do a 'scan' for reassurance to check if it was serious. i stupidly just went along with radiology and did a brain ct scan when i could have asked for an mri. now days later i'm absolutely terrified of the affects of that ct radiation on my brain body and so much regret i didn't speak up and demand an mri instead. i've been emailing the clinic and they said that on average a brain ct with the machine siemens 64 slice perspective they use gives 1 msv for a brain ct i'm worried that this is just for a brain scan and that the person doing it would have hit my head among other body parts so the dosage might have been higher . i've now been reading about ionizing radiation for the past few days non stop with occasional glimpses of hope about how overall the radiation impacted me is nominal compared to the background we receive. but then there are so many questions that stress me out, is receiving a large dose in one go the same as a 2 3 a year of exposure to the body? how much radiation can our bodies deal with? is there now mutated dna in my body that could cause problems in the future? am i more sensitive to radiation than a normal person? i can't sleep properly and i spend my days distracted reading about the odds of contracting a fatal cancer because of a stupid ct scan i could have said no to. i just want some proof to say look, the radiation you received is minor and there is almost no risk with the ct . i've read every resource there is i think and done every calculator i could and it still stresses me out. this fear of cancer is partially because i lost my mother when i was quite young to lung cancer and i'm just terrified hereditary impact this has on me tl dr had a brain ct worried about brain tumours cancer and now worried the scan could have done more harm then good.
i might be dying, and my anxiety is going nuts i might have messed up yesterday. i'm an avid codeine user. i don't do hard drugs because i'm too scared of damaging my brain or other organs, but over the years, it has become increasingly difficult to lead a normal life without the help of a substance, considering that i have severe anxiety, depression, depersonalization, derealization and pure o. so i started to consume codeine once in a few weeks in order to be able to function correctly, since i've tried around 20 antidepressants and ssris and nothing worked for me. yesterday, i took another dose. i buy otc pain relief pills which contain codeine phosphate but they also contain paracetamol acetaminophen and aspirin and, in order to stay safe, you need to do a cold water extraction in order to remove the acetaminophen and aspirin from the pills. opioids are highly soluble in water, so the codeine dissolves and the other ingredients get filtered through a fabric and removed from the water, leaving a crystal clear substance containing just codeine. however, i was in a hurry yesterday stupid excuse to overlook my safety, i know and i didn't wait long enough for the water to reach the right temperature it needs to be around freezing temperature, but not frozen and i did the extraction anyway. the water came out very milky and that is a sign that the extraction was not successful. i didn't know the water needs to be completely clear and i didn't look it up...i took the substance anyway. a few hours later i did some reserch and found out that i might have potentially intested 4 grams of paracetamol and 5 grams or aspirin. 4 grams of paracetamol is a risky amount, because it can cause liver damage. the liver, then, continues to self destruct over a period of 2 weeks !!! without showing any serious physical symptoms so there's no way to know whether i overdosed or not...it ultimately leads to necrosis and then painful, slow death. amp nbsp i am at a loss and don't know what to do. my health anxiety is sky rocketing right now. i wish i would've been more careful but the deed is done now. does anyone here have experience with paracetamol poisoning overdose? i'm going nuts right now...
a great, simple technique for coping with health anxiety i posted this as a comment to another thread about panic attacks, but thought it warranted its own post. it's adapted for anxiety from a similar method in feeling good the new mood therapy , a book on depression by david d. burns, m.d. if you struggle with health anxiety or any kind of anxiety really , give this a try the next time your worries start to get the better of you. i do it in an excel spreadsheet, but a notebook works fine too. the three column technique column 1 fear in this column, write down whatever's freaking you out at the moment i'm worried i'll have a heart attack out of nowhere or what if someone took what i said at yesterday's meeting the wrong way? column 2 what triggered it write down what you were thinking, feeling or doing when you started down your current worry spiral. for example, i felt a skipped heartbeat or i felt my lymph nodes and they seemed a little swollen. over time, some triggers will appear more often in your notes than others, helping you spot habits that get you into trouble. column 3 real talk normal ly, you only think of the worst case scenario. this is your chance to do the opposite write down every reason you can think of that you'll be absolutely fine which, by the way, are exponentially more realistic scenarios . go nuts the more you write, the better you'll feel. for example, my scariest symptoms are skipped heartbeats, so when i feel one, i list points like these skipped heartbeats are perfectly normal most people have them and don't even notice some people experience thousands of skipped beats a day and are perfectly healthy you already met with a cardiologist, and she gave you a clean bill of health skipped beats are a very common side effect of anxiety it's much more likely anxiety is the cause than some rare heart defect this aside, i have zero symptoms of an underlying heart issue ...and on and on. the more you use this technique, the more you'll notice the same fears and triggers popping up over and over again. and when you see that, you'll see how often you worry about the same thing and how your worst fears are never, ever realized. hope this helps, stay strong!
a great, simple technique for coping with health anxiety i posted this as a comment to another thread about panic attacks, but thought it warranted its own post. it's adapted for anxiety from a similar method in feeling good the new mood therapy , a book on depression by david d. burns, m.d. if you struggle with health anxiety or any kind of anxiety really , give this a try the next time your worries start to get the better of you. i do it in an excel spreadsheet, but a notebook works fine too. the three column technique column 1 fear in this column, write down whatever's freaking you out at the moment i'm worried i'll have a heart attack out of nowhere or what if someone took what i said at yesterday's meeting the wrong way? column 2 what triggered it write down what you were thinking, feeling or doing when you started down your current worry spiral. for example, i felt a skipped heartbeat or i felt my lymph nodes and they seemed a little swollen. over time, some triggers will appear more often in your notes than others, helping you spot habits that get you into trouble. column 3 real talk normally, you only think of the worst case scenario. this is your chance to do the opposite write down every reason you can think of that you'll be absolutely fine which, by the way, are exponentially more realistic scenarios . go nuts the more you write, the better you'll feel. for example, my scariest symptoms are skipped heartbeats, so when i feel one, i list points like these skipped heartbeats are perfectly normal most people have them and don't even notice some people experience thousands of skipped beats a day and are perfectly healthy you already met with a cardiologist, and she gave you a clean bill of health skipped beats are a very common side effect of anxiety it's much more likely anxiety is the cause than some rare heart defect this aside, i have zero symptoms of an underlying heart issue ...and on and on. the more you use this technique, the more you'll notice the same fears and triggers popping up over and over again. and when you see that, you'll see how often you worry about the same thing and how your worst fears are never, ever realized. hope this helps, stay strong!
i keep losing my ability to sneeze ok, this is a very bizarre one, but i've been suffering from this issue on and off for over two years, and it's having a big impact on my life. it'd be great if someone is able to shed some light on this. i keep losing the ability to sneeze. basically, i'll get to the ahh , but the choo won't happen. i'm not 100 sure, but i think it all started when i had some kind of allergic reaction to something in 2016, and i found myself unable to sneeze for at least three weeks. during that time, i had quite bad headaches and head pressure. when i finally sneezed, the pain instantly disappeared. amp x200b since then, the problem keeps coming back, along with the head pain pressure i mentioned earlier. i think the longest i've gone without sneezing naturally is three months. strangely, i can force myself to sneeze by tickling the inside of my nostrils with a pointy tissue, but that doesn't seem to relieve the head pain. however, i can occasionally sneeze if i think about something erotic and fortunately that does relieve the head pain! amp x200b i've researched this problem countless times and i read somewhere that inability to sneeze could be the sign of a brain tumour, which seems very unlikely because i would also have more serious symptoms, such as an inability to yawn or swallow, which i can do perfectly fine. also, the fact that i'm able to force myself to sneeze surely means there's nothing seriously wrong? amp x200b i also read that it could instead be a psychological problem, and i honestly think that could be right sometimes, when i feel a sneeze coming on, it'll come out fine when i'm having a conversation with somebody, so it could be that it helps to be distracted from the sneeze instead of worrying about it. i would also like to mention that looking at the light in my bedroom sometimes makes the sneeze come out at the last second, despite the fact that i don't think i have the photic sneeze reflex i.e. ability to sneeze without fail by looking at a bright light . amp x200b plucking my nose hairs can also make me sneeze, but i tried that a few days ago and it didn't work. now i'm sneeze stuck again. hoping someone can help! thanks.
i need advice on what to do with my enlarged spleen amp x200b in early december i found out that i have an enlarged spleen after many trips to the er and being sent home because i was having a panic attack which i have never had before finally, after probably over 10 visits i got a doctor who believed me and got me appointments within days... at the time i thought it was my heart, i had a stress test done, and a echocardiogram, they said my heart was in really good condition. we also discovered i had a high d dimer and was sent for a ct scan for a pulmonary embolism, which was clear too. my d dimer has come down since to around 511, much better but not super. i then got a ultrasound of my gut because they thought maybe it was my galbladder, which was fine, they did however find out that my spleen was enlarged, it was something like 13.5 cm, so not super enlarged, it is still enlarged and it effects my day to day life. for example i cannot lie down on that side or cannot eat too much or it gets aggravated. i have been tested for mono, it was clear, i have just recently 2 days ago gotten my mirena removed i need to illiminate all possibilities no matter how small and he has put me on a high dose of 2 different antibiotics. there is nothing left that i can think of that could enlarge my spleen besides cancer or some sort of virus that has not been found. other symtoms i am having, currently i have a cough, but i am getting a cold now. however i have had a dry couch since november. i can feel my nodes in my neck and they are really uncomfortable if touched or i turn my head in a funny way. inside my left ear hurts occassionally, as well as my left side of my jaw, sort of where the ear pain meets my jaw. the nodes in my armpits occassionally hurt too. and sometimes my hands have a sort of aching pain as if i used them for something hard and the muscles were healing. the doctor keeps telling me to relax and enjoy my upcoming trip and enjoy life but wth! everything i have read online says an enlarged spleen is not normal i don't know where to go from here, i need help, advice... something. i am canadian, if that makes a difference. thank you if you have gotten this far....
i could use some reassurance. swollen lymph node, getting a biopsy friday i have been having reoccurring sinus infections due to a tooth that needed a root canal. during that time, i went to an ent who told me that my nose was a bit crooked and that was another reason. while i was there i thought i'd ask him about a lymph node in the back of my neck. when i first discovered it i thought it was a knot in a muscle so i tried to massage it out but it never went away. eventually, i asked my gp about it and he said not to worry unless it grows. i don't think it has. i told him that it had been there for at least 2 years but more likely 3 4 years. he asked if it was stable and i said yes but he wanted to get an ultra sound. the ultra sound tech said she thought it was just a lymph node. i asked if she thought there was cancer in it, and she didn't think so but would let my ent make that call. i went to the follow up and he mentioned the ultra sound doctor thinking it was a lymph node but wanted to get a needle point biopsy on it. he said that 9 10 times it was nothing but he would be a bad doctor if he didn't check. this triggered my health anxiety. what if i'm that 1 10? my brother had lymphoma when he was 27, and i'm 31. so i'm terrified. i poked it, and it got harder, and my neck got sore, and now i can't stop checking it even though i know i need to. i'm trying not to push on it and just brush my hand across it, but it's still there and it's still freaking me out. a few weeks ago i had a routine physical and my blood work was normal. my white blood cells were high but they were at 8 and the range was 1 10 was normal. my gp didn't think anything was wrong aside from minor cholesterol stuff that he put me on vitamins for. so i'm getting the biopsy on friday, and following up on wednesday to get the results. but in the meantime i'm spiraling here and looking for reassurance or help. i don't feel sluggish aside from being tired, i have a very active 11 month old baby. my color is good, no fever, no night sweats. i have chest pain but that's just anxiety that comes and goes with my panic attacks. my appetite is fine. my blood work came back fine. i'm over reacting, right?
been working through red herrings with my therapist and it s been helpful for managing my ha hi all, i wanted to share my recent success with managing my ha. i ve had lifelong depression and have been in therapy for years now. tried several medications and none have worked for me. though my main problem is depression, every once in a while, i switch to anxiety for a few months, and that s when the ha kicks in. i m in one of those cycles now. during my last appointment, my therapist brought up the concept of red herrings. they re basically problems that people manifest as a sort of poorly managed coping mechanism for another problem that s harder to process. the most common example of this is an eating disorder. very often, the main problem at the core of a person with an eating disorder isn t their body, it s the sexual abuse they suffered, or their toxic mother, or the constant pressure they feel put upon them, etc. in a way, the red herring can give you something to focus on that s easier to process than the more abstract pain that is often the causes of our mental illness. for me, we re exploring the possibility that my ha is a red herring. my current homework is to practice mindfulness and pinpoint what i have been thinking about when the hypochondria rears its head, and also to let myself experience whatever pain i m feeling. we often try to avoid or push aside negative feelings like sadness and fear by distracting ourselves with a glass of wine, or binging a tv show, and sometimes you just need that, but she s challenged me to try and just let myself experience those negative emotions. because pain and fear and sadness are parts of life, and while they re uncomfortable, they re also okay. it s okay to feel bad sometimes, and letting those feelings have their moment can actually help you. so, anyway, sorry for the rant. i ve been practicing this for a little while now, and it s been actually helping me. anxiety still comes and goes, but it s much better than it has been. i m not a psychologist, and i m not claiming this is a cure for everyone or even myself , i just wanted to share my recent experience. maybe someone could get some comfort from it!
swelling under xiphoid process , results in mental issues and gastrointestinal tract issues hello, i am 27 years old male. i am a lonely guy that drinks a lot of beer. i drink only beer intentionally, so that the harm of alcohol is less. recently, however this is still becoming an issue. i let my alcohol addiction to beer to overrule my healthy life. i smoke a lot of cigarrettes and i drink beer every day. i also drink so much coffee. my life is good, but recently i feel this anxiety. my overall performance is getting lower too. a few months ago i noticed that i have swelling exactly bellow my xiphoid process . it is something internal. i have gastrointestinal tract issues. i feel stomache discomfort, as well as drifting issues regularly. i researched about symptoms and could not get any information about it... recently i feel a lot of anxiety and it is messing my decisions and mental health already. i think this could turn into dementia or something serious. it could be a cancer, as well, i don't know. i could have possibly gone to a doctor, but the problem is that i come from a poor family and owe around 500 euro for health care, which i cannot spend at this point. i hope you guys could help me identify the possible reasons for all this, so i can make some adequate response to it.. and i will see a doctor soon probably. i am just a bit scared and unaware of what i did to myself. hope you guys support me and give me advice, thanks! edit also, i have been very anxcious around people ever since child. every time i talk to someone, i feel something like pain in my stomache and have to make effort for all my conversation. i ended up a quiet and lonely guy because of it. this is the whole reason i abuse alcohol, cigarrettes and coffee. i wanted to overcome something psychological to be more connected. this abuse was obviously affecting my digestive system or something.. i don't know. i know that this will become a nightmare and could possibly be the reason for my death some day. edit sorry, i am actually 30 years old male. i am so embarrased right now. tldr swelling under xiphoid process , anxiety, mental disorder due to beer abuse and smoking
terrified of brain amoeba fowleri hi everyone. i'm down in south australia, and i've found myself going a little insane over something very silly for the last day.... i will start by saying that our water has a decent amount of chlorine as far as i can tell, it's the only thing you can taste in the water, and if you fill a bathtub it's even ever so slightly green. there's never been an order to boil water or anything of the sort either here. so moving onto story time. i often get itchy eyes before bed, so i keep a glass of water in the bathroom, that way i can rinse my eyes out quickly to calm things down, the glass of water had probably been out for a few hours, anywhere from 6 12. last night i did it, and as the water ran down my face a little bit got in my nose, maybe a drop or 2 tops. i started freaking a minute later as i remembered all i'd read about fowleri.... i blew my nose a bunch, and i rolled up some toilet paper, and stuck it up my nostril as well in an attempt to deal with any water that had made its way up there. i spent a terrified hour in bed reading things on my phone, and eventually calmed down enough to sleep. now all day today i haven't had a fever or anything of the sort, but i have been getting sinus headaches. quite possibly from blowing my nose so much and i got rather paranoid in the shower too, anytime water got near my nose, or even the tiniest bit might have entered i freaked out a bit. my right nostril which is the one the water entered is also worse than the left, but the discomfort might just be from me freaking out and blowing it a ton... i have bad sinuses at the best of times, so it could just be dust or allergies too. i know i'm probably being silly, but some confirmation would be lovely, especially since the glass of water, while cold was sitting out a long time... a day of sinus headaches just doesn't exactly fill me with confidence, even if it probably was cause i wouldn't leave things alone. one last thing to note is that 2 family members of mine recently had colds, so that might be why i'm feeling crappy sinus wise too, the right side being worse than the left still has me all freaked out though.
should i see a neurologist? worried about brain tumor? hey everyone, i've been a bit worried about having a brain tumor in the past few days. had some small headaches two weeks ago, usually when i had shitty sleep. had some more bad headaches this past weekend, though i had shitty sleep. they came in the morning and then in the evening. took some ibuprofen and it went away, but kinda came in a dull ache when i was starting at the computer screen about two hours later. ever since monday, i have not had the headaches except sometimes in the morning when it is a dull kind of feeling, not really a pain. i dont wake up with them but then i start thinking about the headache and felt stressed and then it came on. goes away after two hours and it hasnt come up again the past few days. i had one today and i took a tynelol and the pain went away after an hour. also haven't had nausea, unless i had pizza pops or greasy food. no seizures, though yesterday as i was sleeping, my right leg moved a bit but that was it. i dont know if thats a seizure. not any cognitive problems. my speech and personality are fine but i have been on edge as i have been thinking and reading about brain tumors. recently, with my memory, i am able to recall stuff fine but when i remind myself to do something after, i kept repeating to myself what i have to do because i read about someone who was worried he had a brain tumor and he kept forgetting stuff after 20 seconds. after this, i am worried i might be forgetting things. i did a memory recall test where i got over 84 in recalling images. im not forgetting questions or anything of the sort, but i have been on edge recently. i am 21. i do have a cold, and had some pressure in my ears and nose that have gone away, but i am going to see the doctor. do you think i should see a neurologist? what i am worried about is the headaches in the morning? they were bad this weekend, but got better and have not been painful. generally, i found the headaches occured when i had bad sleep. i've been sleeping quite late, like at 2 30 2 50 and waking up at 9 or 10. i do move a lot when i sleep so i probably sleep past that. amp x200b
i need some desperate help, and maybe some words of advice. hello, i'm mason and as of lately since the start of grade 11. we where told we basically had to choose are pathway as in our job, or related field anyways as of late i wanted to follow in my uncles path and become a personal investor, and since he's already high up i'd have a job lined up for me as i get outta high school and more, the only catch. i knew i had anxiety but ever since i choose what i wanted to do math is now associated with anxiety to make it worse i was labeled a troubled kid when i was younger in life so as a result we moved a lot, and i never had a long friendship making me easy targets for people who love drama. so as i was growing i was taking speical classes since i had bad adhd aswell, so i wasn't getting the right credited for really anything in life and was basically labelled a special needs since they never put time into me. as a result i started trying better and finally was able to upgrade to college level everything in grade 10 keep and keep in mind i was in high school in grade 8 due to this special program, and now they they teach me like any other kid. i've found it very hard to do anything since i grew up getting 1 1 attention, now since high school math is broken and 50 u will most likely never use in real life depending on the career you pick although the one i wanted to get into was money related i most diffidently don't need trig, etc anyways i really need help finding out how to coop with anxiety, this only happens during math aswell, so i know the trigger, and i know hen i clam myself down and i'm very happy before math i do better during math. but for some reason anytime my teacher ignores me for example today i rasied my hand to kep my practice quiz checked nobody else had their hand up so i wait she see's says one second and goes to 5 different people none of them had their hands out and forgot that i eveen asked so i promptly left teh class and went outside to get air or i was gonna start crying for the stress, angry anxiety and everything why are my emotions 10x whenever i'm in math is their even any way to fix this issue?
have diverticulitis, now anxiety? i was diagnosed with diverticulitis in september. unfortunately, the infection spread through a hernia in my groin area and i developed an abscess in my groin. i was hospitalized for ten days for treatment. last time i had been to the hospital was at birth 38 years before, so this was a shock. i wasn't treated poorly or anything, just being away from my family, from work, from life, seemed to get me down. i have a five year old and i face time'd with her while in the er the first night and you could see the fear in her eyes. she had only been in the hospital prior to visit great aunts, who would go on to pass away. the look on her face is seared in my head and basically impossible to shake. a fearful look because i'm sure she thought, when i see people in the hospital, i some times don't see them much longer after that. it was a bit of a tough recovery, every ache, spasm, etc sent me into a panic. feeling my groin to see if i could feel a bulge from a returning abscess. pressing my lower abdomen to see if i was in pain from a recurrence of diverticulitis. sleepless night staring at my phone on healthline or mayo clinic. recently, i started having this bubble sensation in the sternum area near my chest, it would come out of nowhere and almost pop and be gone. no rapid heartbeat, blood pressure normal , but the more i worried, the more they'd come along, mostly all at night, when my mind has more opportunity to wander. one night was so bad i did go to the er, they hooked me to an ekg, did a chest xray, blood tests. nothing really, no heart attack. was home in bed within a few hours. my pcp suggested a holter monitor ekg which i wore for a day this week. no results yet as the doctor has been out, but i'm guessing if it was anything truly pressing i'd have known by now. i think folks here understand my predicament and i just needed to say it out loud to someone other than my wife. she herself has had anxiety issues in the past and says it's probably a post traumatic anxiety. are these types of sensations normal for those of you who might struggle with health related anxiety? amp x200b amp x200b
have diverticulitis, now anxiety? i was diagnosed with diverticulitis in september. unfortunately, the infection spread through a hernia in my groin area and i developed an abscess in my groin. i was hospitalized for ten days for treatment. last time i had been to the hospital was at birth 38 years before, so this was a shock. i wasn't treated poorly or anything, just being away from my family, from work, from life, seemed to get me down. i have a five year old and i face time'd with her while in the er the first night and you could see the fear in her eyes. she had only been in the hospital prior to visit great aunts, who would go on to pass away. the look on her face is seared in my head and basically impossible to shake. a fearful look because i'm sure she thought, when i see people in the hospital, i some times don't see them much longer after that. it was a bit of a tough recovery, every ache, spasm, etc sent me into a panic. feeling my groin to see if i could feel a bulge from a returning abscess. pressing my lower abdomen to see if i was in pain from a recurrence of diverticulitis. sleepless night staring at my phone on healthline or mayo clinic. recently, i started having this bubble sensation in the sternum area near my chest, it would come out of nowhere and almost pop and be gone. no rapid heartbeat, blood pressure normal, but the more i worried, the more they'd come along, mostly all at night, when my mind has more opportunity to wander. one night was so bad i did go to the er, they hooked me to an ekg, did a chest xray, blood tests. nothing really, no heart attack. was home in bed within a few hours. my pcp suggested a holter monitor ekg which i wore for a day this week. no results yet as the doctor has been out, but i'm guessing if it was anything truly pressing i'd have known by now. i think folks here understand my predicament and i just needed to say it out loud to someone other than my wife. she herself has had anxiety issues in the past and says it's probably a post traumatic anxiety. are these types of sensations normal for those of you who might struggle with health related anxiety? amp x200b amp x200b
trying a new way of thinking. my day normal ly looks something like this... oh man i'm dizzy. i wonder what that means. any my left arm is weak. is that a heart attack? maybe a symptom of a small heart attack? where did i get that bruse on my knee? is that a sign of a blood clot? should i go to the doctor again? last time he told me to stop worrying about stuff like this. is that a lump i'm the back of my head? maybe that's what's causing my head ache... but what is the lump is another sign of a problem? should i start documenting this? the doctor thinks i'm crazy but if i have all the symptoms with the times i had them he could surly run more tests. a friend i knew died for a blood clot that the doctors missed maybe my doctor missed something... etc recently, i started asking my friends that don't have anxiety how they deal with strange feelings in their body. every single one of them says that they almost immediately dismiss the thought. i can't even imagine what that feels like. i focus on a part of my body so much sometimes that i actually create pain that doesn't exist. so i dug a little bit deeper and asked what happens if they were walking around one day and all of a sudden they noticed that their left arm was weak and tingly. most of my friends with without anxiety said the same thing. i guess my arm is weak today. and then that's it. if they have a headache or if they have a chest pain or if they have an upset stomach or if their leg hurts out of nowhere they just shrug it off and think oh i guess today i'm going to have a stomach ache or i guess i'm coming down with something or something to that nature. and then if it still hurts the next day they shrug it off again and only when it's continuing to do it for like a week do they actually think i'll maybe i should go to the doctor and have it looked at. but it's not in a panicky kind of way it's just kind of like almost annoyance. so i'm going to try that method. oh i guess i have a headache today . and try to leave it at that. if it lasts a week, all the talk to my doctor. has anyone had success doing something like this? like just changing the way you thought?
trying a new way of thinking. my day normally looks something like this... oh man i'm dizzy. i wonder what that means. any my left arm is weak. is that a heart attack? maybe a symptom of a small heart attack? where did i get that bruse on my knee? is that a sign of a blood clot? should i go to the doctor again? last time he told me to stop worrying about stuff like this. is that a lump i'm the back of my head? maybe that's what's causing my head ache... but what is the lump is another sign of a problem? should i start documenting this? the doctor thinks i'm crazy but if i have all the symptoms with the times i had them he could surly run more tests. a friend i knew died for a blood clot that the doctors missed maybe my doctor missed something... etc recently, i started asking my friends that don't have anxiety how they deal with strange feelings in their body. every single one of them says that they almost immediately dismiss the thought. i can't even imagine what that feels like. i focus on a part of my body so much sometimes that i actually create pain that doesn't exist. so i dug a little bit deeper and asked what happens if they were walking around one day and all of a sudden they noticed that their left arm was weak and tingly. most of my friends with without anxiety said the same thing. i guess my arm is weak today. and then that's it. if they have a headache or if they have a chest pain or if they have an upset stomach or if their leg hurts out of nowhere they just shrug it off and think oh i guess today i'm going to have a stomach ache or i guess i'm coming down with something or something to that nature. and then if it still hurts the next day they shrug it off again and only when it's continuing to do it for like a week do they actually think i'll maybe i should go to the doctor and have it looked at. but it's not in a panicky kind of way it's just kind of like almost annoyance. so i'm going to try that method. oh i guess i have a headache today . and try to leave it at that. if it lasts a week, all the talk to my doctor. has anyone had success doing something like this? like just changing the way you thought?
skin on back and arms feels like it's burning? hello all. i'm new to the subreddit but i wanted to see if anyone could help put my mind at ease. for the last couple of months my mom's health has not been the best.to make things worse, i've been smoking weed and it's pretty much been giving me panic attacks everyday. i stopped smoking weed a couple days ago to see if it would help. anyways, in the beginning of last week she was admitted to the hospital and, among other things, it really stressed me out. that monday i woke up in the middle of the night sweating, hungry and cold. i was pacing back and forth and i started googling my symptoms i know, bad idea and i came across peripheral neuropathy. i googled the causes of that ms was one of the results and i started to freak out. i googled relentlessly for the next week because the burning on my back and arms has not stopped since and it's put all my senses on high alert. i also feel like cold electricity going up the back of my head i i'ven really anxious ever since and it's started to affect me. i went to the hospital and got a ct scan on my neck and they found nothing. i read online that one of the ways to diagnose ms was to do an mri of the brain and spine to look for lesions so i'm not surprised that the ct scan came back clear. i haven't been back to the hospital but the symptoms just haven't stopped. now i'm also getting twitches all over and my muscles feel weak but i think that's just the anxiety playing tricks on me. i went to the doctor this morning and explained to her all my symptoms. she did some basic strength tests and she told me that the burning skin can be a symptom of anxiety. i've also googled burning skin and anxiety can cause that but it still hasn't really made me feel better. i had some blood work done and she prescribed me muscle relaxers and an antidepressant and told me to come back in 3 weeks. could all my symptoms really just be from anxiety? the burning also at times can feel like my skin is cold but when i touch it, it's not. i have noticed that my symptoms do go down a bit if i calm down a bit. anyone else experience something similar?
my story of hiv anxiety hi there, for the last month and a half i've been dealing with the worst health anxiety of my life. prior to this my health anxiety has been me thinking i'm going to have a heart attack causing me to constantly check my pulse. things along those lines. but my current situation is far more severe. here it is, i've posted something on here before about it. i met a girl and we talked for months. she is a sexual person and i am not, it took me months before i finally decided i could move past just talking. after sex with a condom the first few times, we had unprotected sex the next a few times. i know how stupid this is but its even more idiotic for someone with health anxiety as i've learned. we agreed it was okay to do because i had no sexual history and she had been tested negative for stds. after the last time, 2 weeks later i got very sick. my doctor called it the worst sore throat she had seen in a long time. along with that came chills, body aches, fatigue. i had blood work done my doctor called to say i had mono. i had only kissed this one person, and i asked her she said she had mono 4 years before. however, i idiotically googled symptoms. as it turns out, hiv in its early stages has all the symptoms of mono. combine that with having unprotected sex 2 weeks before feeling sick and immediately i become overwhelmed with fear. i began to notice other things wrong with my body that resembled acute hiv my tongue has a coating on it that i think is oral thrush, a rush formed on my chest after i started to feel better. other things started to appear like my stomach began to growl regularly and my legs turn red in the shower. this fear hasn't gone away for a month now to the point of it keeping me up at night and sporadic panic attacks when i think about it throughout the day. i have to take a test to put this to rest and resolve it. i know how extremely unlikely it would be for me to have this. i asked if she had been tested for stds since and she said she had been very recently. on top of this, im not sure i can ever be intimate or sexual again if this is how im going to act.
17, need professional help but not sure if parents understand that i'm 17 and male. since last year i've constantly thought im going to have a heart attack, cardiophobia. it's really starting to get in the way. it started with bad heart palpitations and arm pain and i took multiple trips to the urgent care center and a few ekgs, and they all said i was fine. it takes me so long to fall asleep at night because of this, i get anxiety attacks often, and i've formed a habit where i need to knock on wood almost all the time to calm me down a bit weird habit i'm not overweight and i go for bike rides a lot but my dad is always telling me to workout because he loves working out. i tried it months ago but the fear i was going to have one multiplied and i couldn't stand feeling my heart beat. he's trying to have me do guided meditation but for some reason that makes me way more anxious than when i started. he hasn't wanted me to go to therapy because i haven't committed to his solutions yet . i get and appreciate he's trying to help but i really wanted professional help. i went to them in tears a couple weeks ago saying please just let me get some professional help, and my mom said she'd find someone. fast forward to today and i found out she got my a family psychologist, one that already sees my 10 year old brother he gets very angry . i wanted an actual therapist, i'm not sure if it's the same thing and my mom is saying that he's just going to say the same things we've been saying and it's going to cost a lot i'm not trying to make my parents look bad because i get they're trying to help, and my mom used to have a lot of problems with depression and anxiety when she was a teen so i'm sure she gets it, but i just dont know what the fuck i'm supposed to do anymore. looking for any advice. i usually take my mind off it by hanging out with my friends by the campfire at night and that sort of stuff but i moved from new england to tx 3 months ago and i haven't made any close friends yet. i just need some advice, this stresses me out so bad every day thinking i'm going to die, please and thank you so much.
i m convinced i have a urethral stricture in may of last year i had a type of explosion in my bladder. it came with an insane feeling of urgency, frequency and a feeling that my bladder was in the grip of a vice. i also had an electrical type feeling in my bladder and perineum. i saw a urologist who thought i had a urethral stricture. i was sent for a cystoscopy that showed everything was ok. that was in september 2018. 3 months later the urgency and frequency decreased but then what accompanied was pelvic pain, tailbone pain, i had to start sitting down to urinate and i had to start milking my urethra to empty it at this time i was also tapering from 6mgs of clonazepam. i hit 2mgs when this started. i finished my taper on clonazepam in the middle of february. i now have all of those symptoms but they re at full force now. for the past two weeks i had a slight burn at the end of urination. peeing didn t hurt but at the end i had a sharp burn pain in a specific area in the top of my penis urethra. for the past two weeks i ve had a feeling that there s a marble stuck in my urethra. sometimes i can feel pressure in my urethra when i move about. sometimes i get a sharp stabbing pain down my urethra too. the side of my penis hurts too. i also have to gently milk my urethra to get the rest of the urine out. my fear is that the cystoscopy has caused a stricture. it s done the very thing that it was supposed to rule out. there was no blood after it was done, nor did it burn when i peed, but the tip of my penis was very swollen for an hour or so. apparently it s extremely rare for someone to get a stricture from a routine cystoscopy, especially in the area i think mine is. but i m 100 convinced that i have one. it s making me very ill. i see the urologist in 5 days time. i m in a chronic pelvic pain support group and apparently this is a very common symptom. but other guys have the same symptoms and have a stricture. i don t want another cystoscopy but i m guessing i ll have to have one as it s the only way to treat a stricture. i can t believe i m in this mess. i m so upset and frustrated.
anticipatory anxiety ruined my chance at a vacation. i'm so tired of trying to fly and failing. 28m. i've had a lifelong fear of flying that feel well prepared to take head on, especially the fear i've had around taxiing and takeoff. i've flown before, but it's gotten harder to get through the process without running out of the airport dizzy, panicked and overwhelmed by guilt in the past few years. specifically, i took a program called soar designed to help fearful flyers manage their fight flight responses around takeoff and aviophobia, or fears when the plane is in the air. i felt confident in the last few weeks that i could do this. but as i lay on my side writing this, i realize i was completely unprepared for the anticipatory anxiety ahead of the flight. i woke up at 4 am this morning in a cold sweat. my extremities were numb. i couldn't get a 10 minute patch of sleep in without my stomach seemingly twisting into knots. the last 17 hours has been a waking nightmare of existing in a moderate to strong panic attack state. my appetite is nonexistent. i'm barely able to drink water. every nerve in my body is screaming at me to tell my friends that i can't go on the spring break trip we planned. it's crazy, i'm a grad student and i have never felt as tired as i do now just spending this day holding myself back from tears and a full breakdown. i'm so tired that a beach doesn't sound nice right now. i just want to curl up in my bedroom with no direct sunlight, to sleep, to cry, to indulge in self hatred for having a response this extreme to something so commonplace in life for a lot of people. a vacation is the one thing i need right now, but trying to take one via flying has destroyed me. i'm lucky that i had nothing to do today, because it was not going to get done. i don't know if this thread is a message in a bottle, but it helps to get it out. if anyone has been in a similar situation, i'd love to hear it. i still want to fly, deaparately. it's one of the big things keeping me from living my life on my terms. but having to spend almost 48 hours in utter hell is not worth it.
head pain!!!!!! someone please help..... for the past three weeks i have been experiencing the strangest head pains ever. shooting pains around my head that move around and are different each time sometimes its the same spot not always a lot of it occurs behind my ears as well. the head pain is debilitating when it comes on, feels like i m being stabbed in the head but at the same time is kind of dull its a pulsating feeling and doesn t normal ly last that long. this is happening every single day no exaggeration and has sometimes been accompanied by a dull normal headache. i went to the er, they took a regular ct and said it was normal . the head pain will come suddenly, last a few minutes and then most of the time go however one night i had a pulsating dull stabbing pain for about an hour.... i took a tylenol and it eventually went away until about 9 hours later when the aching pain returned. i haven t ever experienced headaches or pain like this.. and its every day for weeks now...i am also getting weird sensations all around my head like burning pains and hot cold pains aswell. i do have health anxiety and have experienced shooting like pains in my head from panic attacks, however this is not the same thing. these are real headaches unfortunately... because of these symptoms though, i have convinced and self diagnosed myself with a brain aneurysm thats about to rupture at any given moment. this is the worst part. i have no history of brain aneurysms in my bloodline, but somehow have convinced myself i have one. i know i had a normal ct , and that reassured me a bit but then i read somewhere they aren t always caught and you need to have a ct with dye to catch them. cue the anxiety again i just want to know what these types of pains can come from? i don t understand.....any ideas? and any ideas on how to cop with this has anyone else ever been afraid of this? ugh. it sends me into a full blown panic attack when i get this headache now which basically means im anxious all day everyday. im tired of being so scared and bracing to drop dead every time i get a head pain... help!!!
squeezing feeling in my ribs hey guys. really glad i found this sub seems really helpful! was just wondering if anybody experiences a similar symptom to what i have a lot of the time. most of the time my body feels okay? okay enough, i guess. but once every 2 3 days i seem to get symptoms in and around my ribcage area. that entire section of my body suddenly feels very tense, and it gives me added symptoms too. when i stand up i get more lightheaded, my breathing because shallower by default, my heart races, and i sweat a ton. i also feel like there's a general squeezing action occuring around my ribcage. for example, when i take certain breaths i can physically feel the tension in my rib area. because this area is so close to my heart, i worry that it is actually my heart malfunctioning. i hope that isn't the case and it's more to do with my ribcage area being tense or something. the weird thing is that most of the time when this symptom comes along i'm not even nervous. it just always seems to happen in the evening when i'm watching the tv, or having just been for a walk. what makes it worse is that it doesn't leave either. the only way i can make it stop is by going to sleep and then my body 'resetting' to normal the next morning. sex can help the issue, but other times it makes it worse too. my body just feels full of adrenaline when the symptom start. so i was just wondering if anybody had anything similar? i just don't understand the source of it all. i'm rarely anxious mentally beforehand, but it seems as if my body is anxious. it just comes on so randomly. the problem is that from there on the symptoms it gives me are so uncomfortable that i worry about it. it makes me wonder if i have a heart problem or something along those lines. is it just all an internal anxiety attack built up from all of the tension my anxiety disorder in general gives me? is it some sort of adrenaline problem? i don't know but i desperately want to solve it because it hinders my functionality so much. i just turn into a breathless, tense mess when it hits me, and it causes me so much distress.
head pain!!!!!! someone please help..... for the past three weeks i have been experiencing the strangest head pains ever. shooting pains around my head that move around and are different each time sometimes its the same spot not always a lot of it occurs behind my ears as well. the head pain is debilitating when it comes on, feels like i m being stabbed in the head but at the same time is kind of dull its a pulsating feeling and doesn t normally last that long. this is happening every single day no exaggeration and has sometimes been accompanied by a dull normal headache. i went to the er, they took a regular ct and said it was normal. the head pain will come suddenly, last a few minutes and then most of the time go however one night i had a pulsating dull stabbing pain for about an hour.... i took a tylenol and it eventually went away until about 9 hours later when the aching pain returned. i haven t ever experienced headaches or pain like this.. and its every day for weeks now...i am also getting weird sensations all around my head like burning pains and hot cold pains aswell. i do have health anxiety and have experienced shooting like pains in my head from panic attacks, however this is not the same thing. these are real headaches unfortunately... because of these symptoms though, i have convinced and self diagnosed myself with a brain aneurysm thats about to rupture at any given moment. this is the worst part. i have no history of brain aneurysms in my bloodline, but somehow have convinced myself i have one. i know i had a normal ct , and that reassured me a bit but then i read somewhere they aren t always caught and you need to have a ct with dye to catch them. cue the anxiety again i just want to know what these types of pains can come from? i don t understand.....any ideas? and any ideas on how to cop with this has anyone else ever been afraid of this? ugh. it sends me into a full blown panic attack when i get this headache now which basically means im anxious all day everyday. im tired of being so scared and bracing to drop dead every time i get a head pain... help!!!
squeezing feeling in my ribs hey guys. really glad i found this sub seems really helpful! was just wondering if anybody experiences a similar symptom to what i have a lot of the time. most of the time my body feels okay? okay enough, i guess. but once every 2 3 days i seem to get symptoms in and around my ribcage area. that entire section of my body suddenly feels very tense, and it gives me added symptoms too. when i stand up i get more lightheaded, my breathing because shallower by default, my heart races, and i sweat a ton. i also feel like there's a general squeezing action occuring around my ribcage. for example, when i take certain breaths i can physically feel the tension in my rib area. because this area is so close to my heart, i worry that it is actually my heart malfunctioning. i hope that isn't the case and it's more to do with my ribcage area being tense or something. the weird thing is that most of the time when this symptom comes along i'm not even nervous. it just always seems to happen in the evening when i'm watching the tv, or having just been for a walk. what makes it worse is that it doesn't leave either. the only way i can make it stop is by going to sleep and then my body 'resetting' to normal the next morning. sex can help the issue, but other times it makes it worse too. my body just feels full of adrenaline when the symptom start. so i was just wondering if anybody had anything similar? i just don't understand the source of it all. i'm rarely anxious mentally beforehand, but it seems as if my body is anxious. it just comes on so randomly. the problem is that from there on the symptoms it gives me are so uncomfortable that i worry about it. it makes me wonder if i have a heart problem or something along those lines. is it just all an internal anxiety attack built up from all of the tension my anxiety disorder in general gives me? is it some sort of adrenaline problem? i don't know but i desperately want to solve it because it hinders my functionality so much. i just turn into a breathless, tense mess when it hits me, and it causes me so much distress.
years of random, sudden, amp violent vomiting. anyone else have similar experiences? i am wondering if anyone else has had similar symptoms and had any luck correcting it? i am 39, and have been suffering from random vomiting spells in the mornings for approximately 15 years. i have seen many doctors and specialists without any luck finding a cause. they have performed many tests and everything showed up negative or inconclusive. it can come in waves but is fairly consistent. for the last two weeks i have thrown up 6 out of the 14 days 43 of the time . sometimes it ll be for a few days in a row, sometimes i can go a month without a spell and have experienced it multiple times daily for over a month at a time. the worst was about three times daily for a month and caused me to lose 45 lbs that month due to no appetite. the majority of the time it happens in the mornings right after i wake up and before i get into the shower. it can happen throughout the day as well at random. it s fast, uncontrollable, violent, and usually produced a white foamy substance. however, i had my gallbladder removed in november due to gallstones. that didn t fix the problem and the docs thought it would. ever sense the gallbladder removal all i throw up is yellow stomach bile. today it went from yellow to a green color. after getting sick i usually have a pain of about a 4 out of 10 right in the middle of my torso. i find myself applying pressure with my hand to relieve the pain. usually have to lay in the fetal position after a bad spell without an appetite until the end of the day or night. some of the exams that have been done without luck is celiac disease, the breath test for h. pylori, barium swallow test, upper endoscopy, colonoscopy, ultrasounds of my gallbladder amp liver, gallbladder removal, mri brain scan for tumors. again it happens usually in the mornings, with gagging and dry heaving until something comes up. usually there is no food or liquids other than the white foam and stomach bile. if anyone else has experienced similar symptoms and found relief please let me know. thanks!
where i'm now with depersonlization derealization so its been 7 hard crushing months but im glad to say it's mainly over. however, it wasent easy. if u haven't read about my subreddit about how to deal with depersonlization i highly recommend u check it out. if u r still dealing with derealization plz message me you are not alone. trust me i'm the most paranoid kid i've been through hell and back with this. so near about october november i thought about dp depersonlization less and less, honeslty it's gotten so much better for me and i thank god for that. however i've not felt the same. sometimes i feel like time is moving fast or that i'm in a simulation but that's just me being me even my friend who has never taken weed or had dp is also thinking about these things. the good news is it does get better bad news is it takes time and motivation. i personally had to go to a psychiatrist about my problem however yall be fine without one. my thoughts took over me and i felt more depressed than depersonalised don't get me wrong some days i thought i was dead like literally. for a solid 5 6 months or so i woke up everyday and it was the first thought on my mind it was shit i couldn't talk to my bro without thinking he and myself weren't real, i honeslty felt suicidal. then some day i just woke up and i didn't think about it don't know why just didnt. i learned to control my thoughts but not to block them out. it's like me saying quick dont think about a dog on ice, boom bet u thought that, fuckin magician i am. anyway it's all about acknowledging your thoughts don't block them out or try to get rid of them however don't let them take over you. say to yourself 'i know you're there i'm just not in the mood to talk right now' it's like a fly in the room the more you try get rid of it the worse you will exhaust yourself however if u see it u wait don't put your full attention on it and let it see it'self out. overall time is a healer and depersonlization taught me a lot about life and i hope whatever stage you are at now it gets better. stay cool and collective, peace my dudes
convinced i have mri contrast dye poisoning weeks after a brain mri. need help coping. using a somewhat new throwaway account, sorry if my karma is low. i'm sort of new to the realization that i have ha, but it all makes sense now. i've always had anxiety, but it's definitely evolved into this about 6 months ago. a few months back, i had some strange symptoms that were related to jaw pain. i've pretty much figured out what's wrong there, but because of that, i've seen a slew of doctors including a neurologist. my doctor ordered a brain mri with contrast just to be safe. i stupidly googled if the contrast dye can cause adverse reactions in people i strongly suggest you don't google it. anyway, after the mri, i felt nauseated, which set my ha into a tailspin. now, a few weeks later, i'm noticing that my feet, hands, and legs suddenly go cold, especially when i'm sitting down. i'm talking freezing cold, even if the rest of my body is warm. when they finally warm up, i get pins and needles all down my legs and today, i woke up with muscle spasms in my feet and legs. my scumbag brain is telling me i have some type of weird contrast dye poisoning that isn't curable, you know how it goes. my feet getting freezing cold does happen when i'm not in what i would say would be a heightened state of anxiety. it usually sends me into a state of anxiety which i'm sure definitely doesn't help my extremities. it's a real chicken egg scenario. does this sound like anxiety to anyone or should i actually be concerned? i mean, i'm young just turned 30, i exercise about 4 or 5 times a week, i eat pretty healthy, and am all around healthy. in my mind, this should not be happening, but, here i am. i'm also worried that if i go to the doctor and ask him to test to see if i still have the dye in my system, he's going to think i'm crying wolf and won't take me seriously when something else is wrong. i definitely need the sage advice of other ha veterans. i'm new to this and don't know how to tell my brain to stop worrying about it. it won't, and i feel out of control, like i can't shut it off.
glad to see i m not alone. i am so tired of feeling like this.... reassurance never lasts very long, huh? my anxiety hypochondria has flares up after like 3 years of being okay . i had a whole physical a couple weeks ago. i know i got to work on weight and diet. however, bp was great, urine no sugar or blood. bloodwork will take a couple days to get back. i addressed all my heart anxiety fears. got an ekg too and the doctor said i had pretty pqrts or whatever it s called . i do have hashimotos, but not on medicine as of right now. i have suffered from anxiety depression past 18 years i m 35 now . it was soooo bad. frequent trips to doctors, er, urgent cares. every single possible test done. i have always been okay . then i was okay for a long while. or at least all my symptoms became manageable. i was wondering if there was anyone to talk to about this. why do i immediately think i m dying? why do i feel like i ve failed when i ve been alright for many years. why do i physically feel something and think i m for sure dying? last night i had a headache and convinced myself it was a stroke. i spent an hour staring in the mirror and doing self administered stroke tests. today i feel like little pings of pain but not really even pain, but not a shock feeling either, just feel something , mostly in my right arm hand. i am trying to tell myself it s not a heart attack. i just want to know i ll be okay. i wish every day i could brush things off or rationalize it better. i sometimes can and then there are times like this where i m freaking out on the inside. the funny thing is, in my day to day life i function. i m a mom, i have a job. i also happen to have a husband who has been battling cancer for the last 2 years. i do what i have to do. but inside my head, i feel like a prisoner because it is so consuming. lastly, i have started therapy again and i am hopeful that will help again. thank you for reading this and listening to me and i am fully aware how crazy some of what i ve said sounds. the rational sane part of me is over feeling and thinking this way
anxiety symptoms i'm new to this reddit thing but i have been reading posts in this subreddit for a couple of weeks now and i thought i would post about my anxiety symptoms. i am recently struggling with the thought that this really is anxiety, my biggest fear is of course the big c word, lymphoma for example. everything started in november about 4 months ago, on vacation in vietnam. i experienced what i think was my first panic attack with heart palpitations, pressure on chest, difficulty to breath etc. since then, i have experienced so many different symptoms and sensations such as lump in throat, feeling of not getting enough air, difficulty to breath, waking up several times every night sometimes with a strange feeling of fear , lately my skin feels like its burning or is sensitive, it also sometimes feels like my heart flutters, skips a beat or is just pounding out of my chest but not a fast heartbeat just very hard and powerful. i also experience headaches like never before, extremely cold feet pretty much all the time. man, i've probably missed a few sensations too but this is really getting to me. i've had ekg, echo, blood work done to test my thyroid etc and all came back clear. i'm thinking about how i feel all the time and i am noticing every little sensation in my body and the smallest thing can set me off into almost panic for a few seconds. lately its been more of pressure on my chest and difficult to breath thats been the worst symptom. on top of this, i had a cold for about three weeks ago and i felt a lymph node that was swollen, this set my health anxiety off into a frenzy and i can't stop thinking about it ever since. i can still feel the lymph node i'm touching it all the freaking time hoping its gone, knowing that i shouldn't and my doctor said it was nothing to worry about, but as you know, health anxiety finds its way back no matter what. sorry for all this rambling but this is really affecting my life. do you guys have similar or the same symptoms? how do you cope or how did you overcome this son of a b tch anxiety?
health anxiety i m a type 1 diabetic and in my teenage years it was a rough time where i fainted multiple times because of low blood sugar, some of them was so bad where i ended in a diabetes coma and other my family was pretty sure that i wouldn t make it, i could get up in the morning and be completely dizzy not knowing what was going around, i would look at my watch and not understand what time it was, i got mri scanned and everything was fine. while being young and dumb, i didn t really care and i thought i was immortal living life with 200 kmp even though my body was screaming after a break. a few years later in 21, i caught covid 19 a pretty bad one and i have got asthma afterwards, while being sick with covid 19 i realized that i wasn t immortal at all, i realized how vulnerable our body really is, the thoughts started to getting into me from the times i fainted and my covid process. i have become afraid of everything and connects it with heart problems, cancer, brain tumor ect. my body can t be doing anything before i m convinced that i m getting the worst news soon, i m always prepared to say i knew it , it s driving me insane, the last few months it have been brain tumor that is making me going dumb because of a tension headache even though it s probably just work related i m a teacher and because i sit and work in different positions that isn t great for either my neck or back. i don t recognize my self as said before, i have become distend from my friends, i never seen them or talk with them anymore, always finding excuses to not get out of the house, i stopped playing soccer, guess why? because i m thinking i will be getting a cardiac arrest if i do so. it have been hard the last 2 years, causing stress, depression and healthy anxiety, not diagnosed yet, only with stress. i know i need help, but how do i get it? i m not used to getting help, i have solved my own problems ever since i was a kid. do i just call the doctor and say hey i think i have a depression and bad health anxiety or what do i even say? this really sucks..
dealing with health anxiety for years... and how im learning to move on from it im no expert and i know everyone is different but i ve come a long way with my health anxiety and wanted to share a little of what i learned. on mobile, excuse format and typos i once read something along the lines of our brain believes everything we tell it, so if we start filling it with doubt and anxiety, we create a world that is simply not true a year ago and i was telling myself every little symptom meant imminent death, i worried about brain cancer, breast cancer, blood cloths, etc etc etc. im still in the process of completely desensitize myself from the most minimal sensations and im still trying to learn how to really understand what my body is trying to tell me, this is kind of how i learned to deal with it again, i know not everyone is the same but hopefully this will be useful for someone 1. if i can distract myself from the sensation or discomfort then its anxiety, i call them sensations because any little thing i feel i wanna convince myself is pain even if its not. i try to ignore it if thats the case. my doctor always told me small sensations or symptoms are not a sign of anything serious. 2. if its interrupting your day to day then take something for your symptom and try to move on, eg., you have a sore throat then get something specifically for that 3. if over the counter meds don t do it and its well over a week or so then i ll call my doctor explain whats going on and see if i can come in for some answers and peace of mind. if you have multiple terrible symptoms then of course go check with your doctor asap. but the main thing is, breathe friend. don t freak out immediately, don t google about it, try to accept the thought and the sensations as exactly that, thoughts and sensations and nothing more, they re not a sign of anything. ironically, life is not guaranteed for anybody no matter what, but looking for symptoms constantly means you re wasting something you want to hold on to so desperately. think about that, i do it everyday.
i'm really struggling i've suffered with anxiety for about 5 6 years now, however in the last year my health anxiety has gotten extremely bad. everywhere hurts at different times or different days and i constantly think i'm going to die. whether it be a pain in my chest, or a rash on my arm or even if i find a bump one somewhere. about a year and a half ago i started saying 'touch wood' if i or anyone else said something worrying that might happen. eg if i said 'i feel like i'm going to have a heart attack' followed by me saying 'touch wood' and then touching something wooden. it made me feel secure, like it made it not true and it wouldn't happen once i said and touched it. however it then got extremely out of control to the point where any time i even thought about something happening to me i'd tap the side of my head twice for some reason this was my new 'touch wood instead of trying to find something actually wooden i still say it sometimes, but if i only think of something terrible happening i won't say anything out loud but rather say it in my head and touch my temple twice. i know this sounds crazy weird but i literally can't go a day without doing it now. my health anxiety is so bad. i've been reading other posts and i relate to most of them which really stresses me out. i will always go to the worse case scenario and i can't stop. i'm constantly getting pains in my arm or numbness, shortness of breath, chest pains, headaches, shaking etc. i know hope deep down its my anxiety but i can never calm myself down. to make it worse my boyfriend gets annoyed at me for 'constantly being sick' ie when i have headaches or even when i get a numb pain or something he usually tells me i'm over reacting which makes me more stressed and upset. idk if this is even the right place to post and even posting it is making me super anxious. i just can't get a moment to relax. my whole life is revolving around my anxiety. every single day i think of death and how this might be my last day etc. how do i stop this? i'm really losing my mind.
i just want to feel normal again,how can one do such a thing? just a college student who wants to feel somewhat sane again. it s been almost three months since my blood clot and although i ve adapted to things i still don t feel like myself. prior to today i was living in fear, constantly thinking about how things affect me and the worst possible outcome. these thoughts took over everything in my life, even before this clot i was and an over thinker. i ve never been on medication for anxiety and just got on it, so hopefully that will help some current thoughts of fear fade. will i wake up tomorrow? throughout these months i have been to numerous doctors appointments and check ups, my body just wants to have multiple issues this year i guess. one problem after the next and the moment when my fear starts to subside another issue arises, school. i started to feel better, healthy in a way, yet because i was so determined to feel humane again i fell behind. some professors were understanding, others focused more on the needed work rather than my health. little do they all know that if my grades fall, i lose my scholarship. three years down the drain right there. how do i explain to professional people that i was afraid to live? or that my meds persistently make me tired? i know in my heart, mind and soul that there are people out there who have it so much worse. believe me when i say i overthink , i do. you could make eye contact with me and i d think something is automatically wrong with me. i don t have time for counseling because i fear it would interfere with school. i m not one to vent, no one ever has their full attention so i keep everything in. but goodness, i m so tired of living in fear. the idea of being told how super rare my case was and that i m lucky to even be here lives in the back of my head. if anyone has advice with life after a blood clot, anxiety, college or anything i could really use it. i know my post was extremely jumbled and vague, for that i am sorry. it s an accurate description of my jumbled mind.
i think i am a textbook case of health anxiety. so, this all starts about 5 weeks ago. i had strange discomfort in my side's and went to the gp when they didn't seem to get better. she ordered a full blood work and also gave me a physical examination. bloods came back completely fine with only a slightly elevated pancreas enzyme base is 100 mine was 107 and for some unknown reason to myself and to the doctor i convinced myself i had pancreatic cancer. ever since the discomfort has shifted from my side's to the top of my abdomen and i obsess over every little niggle i feel. i'm constantly poking at my glands in my neck 5 years ago i also convinced myself i had lymphoma and now i'm checking every little thing my body does. they gave me ca19.9 blood test used to detect tumour growth in pancreatic cancer cases and mine was 6.1 normal health person is between 1 35 so that should have made me feel better, it didn't. they then sent for an ultrasound which showed everything looks exactly like it should. i've literally heard from 6 doctors now mostly at the accident and emergency department, they are 99.9 i don't have pancreatic cancer and that i probably have gastritis. so i'm getting a camera down my throat next month to test for that. no matter how many times they said i was ok i just keep thinking they're wrong. something is wrong. i know my body and this doesn't feel right. i did loose some weight and my appetite went away but has since come back. so how they're throwing all these anti anxiety drugs my way diazapam 10mg propanalol 10mg olanzapine 20mg, 10mg and 5mg depending how bad i feel at the time i'm not having restful sleeps constantly struggling to distract myself. i just want some advice. the kind of advice from someone who's been through this rabbit hole.... i just don't know what to do... i'm sorry if the post makes little sense i'm writing it on my phone and i'm not the most educated person in the world. i should also note i've been suffering from social anxiety since i was 10. thank you for your time.
separation anxiety in the recent few years i've very well acknowledged that i am a pretty anxious person and i kinda got used to it. but something that still bothers me is my separation anxiety and the constant fear of being abandoned by my friends. i don't know how to go about it, especially now that i have a best friend to whom i can't talk all the time, whenever i want or need to. they seem to be more of the avoidant style. i find it very difficult to go through my day if whenever i think of them and talking to them, i have to stop myself and 'give them space.' i don't mean this in a selfish way, naturally i am a pretty understanding person. i try to control my 'urges' for contact, which i crave a lot, but it's been getting harder as the days go by. most of the time i don't even have something important to say, it's just my thoughts and things i mention throughout the day, but i feel blue when i remember that they do not 'prefer' texting everyday because that is something that i really like, want and need. i try my best to respect their boundaries and i am the one to 'adapt' to their needs for space. just recently i started wondering whether it is okay that i bring this up as a boundary and a need of mine. i feel like i've often been the one to change for them and it's been getting to me lately. i don't mean any harm to my bestie and we don't have any other 'unsolvable' problem except for this one. is it okay to text them? is it selfish? i get a lot of thoughts and i address them as anxiety but it doesn't get any easier even when i am fully aware of that. i just wish to put an end to this. it has been affecting my mood lately, i check the messages app hundreds of times only to see no texts from them. i get anxious waiting for a reply and even more anxious when i first think of something to say. it just pops into my mind and i happily open the app but as soon as i start typing i remember the situation and feel guilty about texting them. but then again, i feel very empty if i don't. how do i go about this?
coming to terms with anxiety as an adult, looking back it was pretty obvious and nobody talked about it. hi friends, new poster here. turns out my entire family suffers from anxiety, and nobody shared this with me. my mom was medicated for it briefly, my dad is medicated for it and also has ptsd, and it runs in both sides of the family. i figured it out in my early 20's and i have been seeing all these things about myself in a new light ever since. currently suspicious that i might have ocd. something i am frustrated with is that i had a lot of signs and symptoms, but was quieter than my siblings so it got brushed off all the time. in highschool i had one friend, and she was always telling me i was a worrywart, and openly mocked me about things i did. for example, i could never just cross a street. had to be with the walk signal, and then i would run across it, and one day she made a big deal about it to my face nobody ever asked why. why i had almost no friends, why i didn't learn to drive until i was almost 30, why i am always going around giving people warnings about their safety. one time i had a complete breakdown after my parents got divorced, which was very rare for me. and my mom said she's just being dramatic and wants attention and that was the end of that. i was also the responsible one . they just don't have time for my feelings. i try to talk to my dad, who seems like the person who would understand the most, and i'll say i have been figuring out some stuff about driving and being anxious and he will go speaking of anxiety and driving, your sister has come along so far in her driving! or i will try to tell him i think i might have ocd and he will use this tone of disbelief and try to poke holes in what i'm saying to him. sorry for the long post. i'm just grateful that sometimes i can find places on the internet to talk about it. i don't have the worst anxiety in the world, but it's always there, all the time. i appreciate that you folks are able to take it seriously. thank you for that.
thyroid cancer? lymphoma? random infection? i'm a 21 year old male. 20 days ago i started feeling pain in the lower right part of my throat right above my collarbone. halfway through the week i noticed a lump was there and made an appointment with my doctor. doctor sent me for an ultrasound and found a 3cm lump in my neck but couldn't make out what exactly it was, so i was sent for a ct scan. the ct scan results showed that this tumor was near a muscle and lymph node. it looked suspicious to her and she also saw 2 other minor swollen lymph nodes so she referred me to a much better hospital vanderbilt so that they could do their own tests. that was 12 days ago. this past friday i had a fine needle biopsy done on the lump and got the results back yesterday. apparently cancer wasn't detected and bacteria wasn't either but i did see something about 2 polys. the test was essentially inconclusive but whatever it was it looked infectious and something on the uncommon side , according to my doctor. my doctor was going to prescribe me augmentin but since i am allergic i was prescribed clindamycin. he wants to try me on that for a week and see if it helps. however, the day after the biopsy was done i have started experiencing slight pain right under my adam's apple when i yawn or look down. seems like there is a bump there too. i let my doctor know this yesterday but he still wants to go through with the antibiotic for a week to see if anything changes. i don't really notice any other symptoms. i think my mouth has been a bit more dry as of late but nothing crazy. i was pretty worried early on but started to get over it until this other lump showed up. wouldn't the ct scan from just over a week ago detected this new lump? i feel like i should be relieved that they didn't find anything malignant but i'm also worried that maybe they missed it or didn't get a proper reading. i have all the trust in the world in this hospital but my nerves are getting the best of me. sorry if this is kind of all over the place.
health anxiety flare up hey guys. i'm having a miserable time lately. just some background i'm a generally healthy 32 year old female. my ha is out of control the last few months. it started in december when i got a possible? eczema patch dry skin on my cheek after a bad cold. i was convinced it was precancerous or the beginning of rosacea. it eventually went away with moisturizing. didn't stop me from googling the crap out of it, and worrying, and asking my husband to look at it and reassure me. he of course was thrilled with this around that time in december, i started to eat a big salad everyday just upped my veggie intake in general to help lose more weight. this made me gassy, and gave me loose stools. at the beginning of january, i started having some soft, thin stools. this has continued off and on. i have mostly normal stools, but if i go more than once a day, my second is sometimes narrow. this has really scared me, and caused a ton of googling, and symptom checking. yesterday, i noticed a few small streaks of bright red blood on my normal stool toward the end of it. it happened again today with my first bowel movement. i spent pretty much all day yesterday googling, and trying to get a look at what i think is a hemorrhoid. i'm just freaking out. of course, i'm scared i have cancer. i have an appt with a pcp tomorrow morning re the blood, which i'm really nervous about. i'm the kind of ha sufferer that hates going to the doctor. i also just found out i'm pregnant again with my third yesterday, i'm about 4 weeks. i haven't told my husband yet. i'm of course worrying about whatever horrible gi disease i may have, and the impact on this pregnancy. i started therapy for ha about a month ago. my therapist had told me i need to stop googling and reassurance seeking, but it's so hard, especially with the onset of a scary symptom. feeling like a failure for googling and symptom checking so much lately. anyway, i just wanted to share with some people who probably get what i'm going through.
health anxiety flare up hey guys. i'm having a miserable time lately. just some background i'm a generally healthy 32 year old female. my ha is out of control the last few months. it started in december when i got a possible? eczema patch dry skin on my cheek after a bad cold. i was convinced it was precancerous or the beginning of rosacea. it eventually went away with moisturizing. didn't stop me from googling the crap out of it, and worrying, and asking my husband to look at it and reassure me. he of course was thrilled with this around that time in december, i started to eat a big salad everyday just upped my veggie intake in general to help lose more weight. this made me gassy, and gave me loose stools. at the beginning of january, i started having some soft, thin stools. this has continued off and on. i have mostly normal stools, but if i go more than once a day, my second is sometimes narrow. this has really scared me, and caused a ton of googling, and symptom checking. yesterday, i noticed a few small streaks of bright red blood on my normal stool toward the end of it. it happened again today with my first bowel movement. i spent pretty much all day yesterday googling, and trying to get a look at what i think is a hemorrhoid. i'm just freaking out. of course, i'm scared i have cancer. i have an appt with a pcp tomorrow morning re the blood, which i'm really nervous about. i'm the kind of ha sufferer that hates going to the doctor. i also just found out i'm pregnant again with my third yesterday, i'm about 4 weeks. i haven't told my husband yet. i'm of course worrying about whatever horrible gi disease i may have, and the impact on this pregnancy. i started therapy for ha about a month ago. my therapist had told me i need to stop googling and reassurance seeking, but it's so hard, especially with the onset of a scary symptom. feeling like a failure for googling and symptom checking so much lately. anyway, i just wanted to share with some people who probably get what i'm going through.
helpful starter links for dealing with health anxiety edit i have found all the modules, a long with the parent link. i have now included all of them for you i, like many of you, have been dealing with debilitating health anxiety specifically, concerning me focusing on my stomach, kidneys and waste literally examining every urine and bowel movement . i have been to the doctor 3 times already, have done 2x blood tests and a stool test, and everything came back okay, yet i am still unconvinced, a feeling i'm sure many of you can relate to. amp nbsp so tonight since it's a sunday and i can't call my doctor yet again p , i decided to look for some self help. through a google search i came across these .pdfs that have already brought some comfort to me, in the short few minutes i've been working with them. apparently, there are 9 modules, but i have only been able to locate modules 1 3, 6, and 8 9 missing 4, 5, and 7 . i am going to keep searching for the rest of them, in an attempt to maximize the effectiveness, but for now, i'd figure i'd share these with you, friends. hopefully they help to bring some comfort to you. amp nbsp module 1 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 201.pdf module 2 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 202.pdf module 3 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 203.pdf module 4 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs acf6425.pdf module 5 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs acf88a2.pdf module 6 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 206.pdf module 7 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs acf6428.pdf module 8 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 208.pdf module 9 http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au docs health 20anxiety 20module 209.pdf amp nbsp parent link http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au resources infopax.cfm?info id 53 amp nbsp good luck, friends. hopefully these help. if you happen to come across the missing modules, post them and i will add them to op. we will get through this
wheezing constricted airways after exercising in the cold i've been doing the couch to 5k running program for about a month. it's been in the 40s and 50s a lot lately when i go running. i'm able to complete my runs fine, but i notice after getting home that the deepest parts of my lungs feel tight or constricted. i can force a deep breath, but when i do i hear this wheezing like the airways are stretching back open. usually after about 30 60 min or so it's back to normal. i tried wearing a neck gaiter after the first time and it got a lot better, but was still there. i went to the doctor and described all this and he listened to my lungs. he said my lungs sounded perfect. and that it's normal to have that wheezing after exercising in the cold, since your airways constrict and forcing them open creates a spasm that makes that wheezing sound. he also said as long as it's only that and not actual shortness of breath, then it's nothing to worry about and to continue running preferably when it stops being cold . anyway just wondering if anyone else can relate to this or can offer any other support. it is an irrational thing at this point, since i've been to the doctor and described exactly what was going on to him. knowing the way my anxiety works, i suspect the reasons i haven't dropped it are that he didn't hear it actually doing it and to me it sounds strange and that i secretly worry it's a small start to a bigger lung issue i've had a couple relatives pass away after getting pulmonary fibrosis which definitely is in my head when anything lung related is going on . any tips or other support would be fantastic! ps i refuse to google it or anything else for that matter but if anyone has support for pulmonary fibrosis worries that would help too. i believe for my relatives that started with gradually dropping oxygen levels and some strange sounds the doctors could hear in their breathing. so nothing like what i'm describing here .. if only health anxiety used the rational side of the brain!
obsessive thoughts about the past hello. for about a year, i've been having these obsessive thoughts about the past, all the ways i've messed up and things i did wrong. it's kinda ridiculous i worry about things that happened 10 od so years ago, and i was just a kid back then, only about 12. i think about newer things too, but especially back then, i was cringy and mean to others for no reason i didn't like the band that they did. i never bullied them, but i would kinda laugh at them and point out that they're being pandered to. now i would just turn away and ignore them, i don't know what was up with me back then. to my defense i was almost always the youngest of the group, surrounded by people who were 14 16, from both sides . i feel like i'm a terrible human being and that i will be punished for them any day now i don't know how exactly, by some external force that will come from outside of my home. i'm afraid that people who know me now and are my friends or people i'll meet in the future will judge me so hard and turn away from me. i've deleted every old social media account i could remember, i still make sure that my old emails are active so that i could delete any more if i'll remember. i'm on pretty heavy medications antidepressants, three doses of synthetic pregabalin and an antipsychotic to quell my anxiety further , and i can function well, but these thoughts still come to me randomly and make me anxious. i don't know what to do anymore my biggest wish is to just move on from that period of my life and close this chapter. on one hand, if someone came to me with thoughts like these, i would tell them that it was so long ago, and they have likely very little to do with the person they were at 13 besides, everyone was a bit of a little shit at that age. but for some reason, when it comes to me, i just can't free myself when i get scared, i feel like an ensnared wikd animal, only the snare is just in my head. did any of you struggle with something like this? what should i do?
breast cancer worries hi everyone, i'm sure this is nothing new but i really needed to get it out. my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer a few months ago and is currently going through chemo. i've had bad health anxiety all my life and my mom's diagnosis has pretty much put me over the edge. my left breast same as the one she found her cancer in felt sore, so of course i squeezed and kneaded the hell out of it trying to feel something. i didn't feel anything other than the fact that it is slightly bigger than the other, which is something i've known for a while but now i'm second guessing myself. the soreness went away with my last period, and then returned this month. again, i squeezed and checked it compulsively. i cannot keep my hands off it. always checking to see if it feels better or worse. my so gently suggested that this isn't helping but i can't seem to stop. now that my period has arrived, it feels much better but there's still one spot that hurts to poke. i've also lost 70lbs in the past couple years so my breasts don't look great for a 26 year old and i think that contributes to my worry. i'm always looking for symmetry to assuage my fears. and now i've developed a rash that i'm pretty sure is from stress. it started on my stomach and is spreading. this prompted me to look up inflammatory breast cancer and i've basically given myself a death sentence. i'm going to the clinic tomorrow to have it checked out but every fibre of my being wants to cancel and just hope it goes away. i'm also going to request a referral for an ultrasound. i'm sorry if this is all over the place. i usually talk to my parents about my fears but obviously i don't want to bring this up. besides the anxiety it's causing, i also feel so horrible and selfish. has anyone else imagined or basically given themselves symptoms after a family member or friend has been diagnosed with an illness? any suggestions on how to function normal ly? i'm exhausted from the constant adrenaline rushes thank you
how do get over mild hearing loss in right ear? i've been crying and depressed. i've had health anxiety for a long time, but none of my fears have come true until now. it all started when i saw a video of tinnitus sufferers getting a temporary relief. i had no idea what tinnitus was so i googled it. turns out i have a mild form of that and hearing things when it's quiet is not normal , it's tinnitus. i was shocked since i've had that all my life. i remember hearing the sound of silence aka the ringing in my ears since i was very young. i was really shocked and scared at that time, since i never noticed this before. but that's not the peak of my misery. i read that tinnitus is often accompanied with hearing loss in any way. i then did countless online tests and always came back with the top score. however, i found an app that makes an audiogram of separate ears and how much hearing loss you have in them. i got my results and they said i had mild hearing loss in my right ear in the mid range frequencies but not the higher ones . i didn't think much of it at first until i tried blocking each ear individually to see if there was any difference in hearing and now i can hear a magnificent difference. my right hear is more muffled when i block out my left ear and my left ear sounds perfect. how do i get over this? i got out of my depressive state around 6 months ago and have been doing so good since.. until i noticed all of this. i don't feel normal . i feel like i'm handicapped now and permanently. this word is what makes all this so scary.. permanent. means that i will never hear normal ly in the right ear and this devastates me. might devastate me more than the average person since i make music and music used to be a big part of my coping mechanism with depression. please help how i can get over this, i can't accept that i have hearing loss even though it's mild. i don't know what to do. i can't afford a counselor and i don't want to tell my parents about this. i feel suicidal.
how do get over mild hearing loss in right ear? i've been crying and depressed. i've had health anxiety for a long time, but none of my fears have come true until now. it all started when i saw a video of tinnitus sufferers getting a temporary relief. i had no idea what tinnitus was so i googled it. turns out i have a mild form of that and hearing things when it's quiet is not normal, it's tinnitus. i was shocked since i've had that all my life. i remember hearing the sound of silence aka the ringing in my ears since i was very young. i was really shocked and scared at that time, since i never noticed this before. but that's not the peak of my misery. i read that tinnitus is often accompanied with hearing loss in any way. i then did countless online tests and always came back with the top score. however, i found an app that makes an audiogram of separate ears and how much hearing loss you have in them. i got my results and they said i had mild hearing loss in my right ear in the mid range frequencies but not the higher ones . i didn't think much of it at first until i tried blocking each ear individually to see if there was any difference in hearing and now i can hear a magnificent difference. my right hear is more muffled when i block out my left ear and my left ear sounds perfect. how do i get over this? i got out of my depressive state around 6 months ago and have been doing so good since.. until i noticed all of this. i don't feel normal. i feel like i'm handicapped now and permanently. this word is what makes all this so scary.. permanent. means that i will never hear normally in the right ear and this devastates me. might devastate me more than the average person since i make music and music used to be a big part of my coping mechanism with depression. please help how i can get over this, i can't accept that i have hearing loss even though it's mild. i don't know what to do. i can't afford a counselor and i don't want to tell my parents about this. i feel suicidal.
mitral valve prolapse, anxiety or something else causing these symptoms? ok so i've been having some issues with my heart for about 6 years i'm turning 19 this year and i've been to the cardiologist 3 times. the first time i went i was told i had mitral valve prolapse and that it was nothing to worry about. the second time i actually went to the er because i was experiencing shortness of breath along with a weird pulse and chest arm pain. the doctor there said it's just anxiety and nothing else and only told me to get some food supplements. after that my symptoms would come and go and about a year and a half i went to the cardiologist i went the first time again. this time she told me i have mitral valve prolapse with leakage to the pulmonary valve and a distention of the aorta in the valsalva sinus keep in mind i'm trying to translate my doctor's note in english so i might have made some mistakes . anyway after she finished the echo and the heart ultrasound she told that most of the things i experience are due to mvp and anxiety and that i'm okay but that i should also avoid things like coffee and energy drinks. i'm sure she explained things with more detail but my mind was pretty blank due to the constant anxiety i had these days lol. i still have shortness of breath and some pains in the chest and left arm that come and go along with back pains. i also get heart palpitations and a weird heart rate that is sometimes too fast and other times too slow i went to have a blood test and an ultrasound for my thyroid a month before since my tsh was higher than normal and they came out ok and was told that i should do the tests again after 6 months . i just want to know if i should worry about the other notes my doctor wrote despite my mitral valve prolapse and if these symptoms i experience have anything to do with my aorta or the pulmonic valve leakage or even my high thyroid hormone. maybe my anxiety makes my symptoms seem so serious and i'm reading into this too much..
kind of freaking out now 'heavy' arm, sweating. nausea i'm 26 years old, male, overweight 5' 10 250lb , non smoker, infrequent drinker, non drug user, sedentary lifestyler, and my doctor has been monitoring my triglycerides for several years i'm a carb addict . for the last several days i've been feeling kind of off. i've had what i think feel like low blood sugar episodes light headedness, feeling faint, slight nausea abdominal discomfort that got better after i had some candy. i've also had feelings of 'fuzziness' in my hands and feet that come and go throughout the last several days. not pins and needles or even a 'static' feeling, just 'fuzzy'. today, my left arm feels 'heavy'. that's the best way i can describe it. i seem to have normal strength in it and it's not numb anywhere, just 'heavy'. it's worth noting that i sleep on my sides i switch sides several times throughout the night and due to the way i position my arms, it's not uncommon for me to wake up with an arm asleep. is it possible for a slept on arm to retain an odd feeling for several hours after waking up? today, i had my favorite meal, mom's spaghetti. once i got myself a serving, though, i found that i was lacking appetite. i began to feel kind of nauseous and began sweating. nausea and sweating combined with the heavy arm freaked me out badly for a while. i took some pepto bismol and don't really feel nauseous anymore, i'm not sweating anymore, but my arm still feels weird. i was pretty close to deciding to go to the er for a little bit there, but i don't know. i think i'm going to make an appointment with my doctor for monday. this sucks. i'm on citalopram for anxiety that was discovered after i went to the er with heart palptations, chest discomfort, and trouble breathing when i was 19. i'm kind of a hypochondriac. why does it have to be my left arm that feels weird? i could probably ignore the right arm, but since all the heart attack literature focuses on the left arm, i'm freaking out.
overcoming personal anxiety by helping others long time ha sufferer and poster. i am fortunate enough to say i have managed my ha enough to a point where it s not consistently affecting my life. just want to share a few pearls. our health anxiety is very self centered. we obsess over health , our bodies, etc. the key to recovery is to stop focusing on ourselves. more on this later. everybody on here is a bit different. i personally feel a sense of relief with medical testing , doctor visits etc but some are fearful of those things. for that reason this post may not apply to you. a lot of us are in the medical field. i myself am a dentist and have had the irony of dealing with hypochondriacs in my office who are worried about oral cancer. examining a fearful patient the other day , and reassuring him that he does not have oral cancer, gave me an epiphany of sorts, which led me to the following. today i joined the national bone marrow donation match website. it s a wonderful opportunity to help out people that are going through what we all in this sub fear the most terminal cancer. think about it, you can save a life!minimal procedure. a needle in your hip. some painkillers and you are on your way. not only that but there s such a barrage of testing beforehand that you can all but be guaranteed that you don t have any sort of underlying illness. they only take 18 44 year old healthy donors for the most part all of the testing is free and meals and rides are covered. i don t know if i ll ever get called but the whole thing puts my personal health anxieties in perspective. to save a child s life from leukemia, for example, would forever change your life. i m not saying you need to do this. but take the focus away from yourself. whether it s through charity, or through work, school, gym i promise you will stop obsessing over your headache, leg twitch, or your heart flutter. i still have bad days but overall i can say i ve improved a great deal from this philosophy.
someone please help first of all i urge anyone who reads this to please give an opinion on what they think it may be, i'm worried sick. thanks in advance. ok i've made posts about things i've felt before but somehow everything i had 2 weeks ago is now gone and has been replaced by new fears. i'll get straight to it, here are symptoms with context odd feeling on left side of body, mainly legs, only when laying or sitting. feels like weakness but i can still walk just fine and feel no difference in balance. sort of like fatigue without any actual excercise to cause it, really odd and it scares me. tinnitus, already diagnosed 2 years ago with bilateral tinnitus and it's got easier to deal with. but in times like these it makes me feel awful. i'm aware of the recent progresses in tinnitus treatment so it doesn't worry me too much as it's benign and only sounds when i'm in silence. constipation, probably caused by the stress or anxiety. either way it might be causing me problems. intermittent sharp stomach pains on the left side of my abdomen under ribs, i called the doctor about it and he said it was nothing lethal or worrying but to get it checked out anyway. that my current worst fear, that i had a digestive infection caused by the constipation. a feeling that for some reason, i'm going to die tomorrow from some lethal random attack of sorts, like my intestines will rupture from a tiny stomach pain, or that i'll have a heart attack because i can sometimes hear pounding in my head. that's the worst of all of this, the never being able to relax, i feel on edge 24 7. researching everything that i can in order to reassure myself, only to find an even worse disease that vaguely correlates to my symptoms. i always feel the urge to check my speech to see if it's slurred, or check my heartrate to check for palpitations, or check my typing to check for stroke als. i seriously can't keep living like this, why do i keep getting these physical symptoms?! many thanks, max
it's like an unending barrage. if i thought i managed my anxiety poorly before, oh boy. this last month has been easily the worst in terms of anxiety i've ever experienced. my first born is due in two months. farming season is about to start. constantly awake until 3 4 am reeling about the real possibility of financial ruin due to the costs of having a child and the current state of the agricultural industry. the thought of changing careers only amplifies my anxiety x1000. that's the worst part, being unable to sleep. sometimes i'll start to go asleep and the slightest noise will wake me up, or i'll just wake up in a full blown panic. i've been spending all day either being a nervous wreck and if i'm not outwardly nervous, my body is still showing physical symptoms of it. almost like it's subconscious. sometimes i feel like the anxiety itself is scarier than the situation i worry myself sick over. my other new trigger is every little ache, pain or cough i get i spend the entire day spiraling down a hole thinking i'm obviously dying and i won't be there to see my daughter's first steps and the farm that's been in my family for 5 generations will be sold because nobody will be there to take care of it. i hate the physical symptoms the most. the fast heartbeat, constantly being on edge, body and headaches. it's like even if i think i'm getting a rope around my anxiety, it's still there in my subconscious wreaking havok on me. i'm sorry if this was convoluted or hard to follow. i just don't have many people i can talk to, and if i can, they have a hard time understanding just how hard this affliction makes things. these things i'm worried about are valid, certainly, anybody who isn't nervous about having a kid isn't in their right mind i suppose, but having a generalized anxiety disorder coupled with panic attacks in the first place just makes it hell on earth and makes you not only question your own abilities but also question your own sanity at times.
really bad health anxiety at night some background... i was diagnosed with ocd in the third grade, but was suspected of having it long before that. i have bad intrusive thoughts. i've been in and out of therapy for many years. within the past few years my health anxiety has gotten bad again, like it was when i was a child. in late 2016, when i was 19, i went through a phase where i thought i was dying every. single. night. i ended up having so many panic attacks and losing a lot of friends. i lost over 60 pounds in like 2 3 months. i got into a relationship on the tail end of this breakdown and am still with my partner. it helped a lot and continues to help. now, like a year and a half later, it's not as bad as it was in that period, but the symptoms linger still. i haven't had a checkup since a little before the breakdown in 2016. i'll go to the doctor if i catch a cold or whatever but not for a checkup. now....this is because i'm like, terrified that i'll find out that i have a terminal illness. cancer, of any type, kidney failure, some kind of disease... whatever, it doesn't matter. whenever i think about it i freak out and get nauseous and scared. when i'm laying in bed at night i will feel my boobs for lumps, and always convince myself something is there when it isn't, in different parts of my boobs. i've gotten to a point where i dont even like touching them. i know it would be better to just find out and get to fix it asap, but it scares me so bad i'm afraid it would just ruin my will to live. i'm not currently in therapy but i know i need to be. it's the worst at night when my boyfriend is asleep, but it's seeping over into my daily life. if my biology prof starts talking about cancer my thoughts just spiral out of control making me think i have it. it's gotten so bad that i actually have anxiety about the anxiety itself. i just need to know that i'm not alone. i would also appreciate any advices or exercises that help...
how to give more power to positive thoughts, automatic negative thoughts causing panic attacks i have been suffering from constant automatic irrational negative thoughts for 7 months now. i have had a checkup on every part of my body including 3 heart checkups, i am literally completely fine. i m a healthy young adult that used to go gym a lot. since, my anxiety has heightened i ve stopped going gym in the fear of something happening and i get regular panic attacks. i feel like i ve been getting better each month but currently my senses are heightened a lot to what s happening in my stomach and back. any new sensation, it causes me to panic worrry and bring those thoughts in which makes no rational sense. however, when i am anxious now, i am really forcing myself to say positive things such as no i am fine, i am safe, i ve been through this e.t.c . but it s the constant negative irrational thoughts mainly about negative heart connotations or that this person will have to save me or if i go to this place something will happen that constantly pop up and making me excessively panic. i have practiced meditation for a few days now and i m listening to positive affirmations everyday so, there s two stages left of my anxiety now that i need to get rid of. 1 extra heightened sense of awareness for any feeling in my stomach or back i suffer from heartburn and gerd so there are constant sensations . i have been trying to focus on different parts of my body 2 how can i give more power to my positive thoughts which should lead me to be more excited rather than constantly in state of panic due to these automatic negative thoughts so can anyone help? every day has pretty much been a struggle in this period, i m a college student so i ve fallen behind in my work so much. annoying thing is, i have so many entrepreneurial goals but in this period i have only lost money and not had any chance to gain so now i m broke and unable to try anything
ekg changes and ct? greeting, my anxious friends. i'll cut right to the chase! amp x200b from april 2018 november 18th, i went to the hospital 14 times or so, each time with the same symptoms feeling of rapid heartbeat, chest pain, profuse sweating and feeling of impending doom. each time i had an ekg and bloodwork done and the results have always been perfectly normal. i've also had a holter done in addition to several other monitors during admission. when i went to the hospital on november 13th my ekg was perfectly normal. when i went to the hospital again on november 18th, i suddenly had inverted ts in my st segment, which they said could be indicative of insufficient oxygen to the heart muscle. from november 18th present, i've had additional ekgs done which show the same change, but the doctors say that the ekgs, even with the change, is still perfectly normal. some say there is no ischemia and that my heart is perfectly healthy, others say that they aren't concerned at all and that they don't suspect anything. i also had an extensive ultrasound done in november, which shows nothing abnormal. valves are fine, no endocarditis, no extra sounds. heart monitor during admission shows nothing abnormal either. still, i am scheduled for a ct on january 22nd to rule out any atherosclerosis blockages and i am scared to death of the pre op medication they want to give me to lower my heart rate to between 40 50bpm. my question to the community is have you heard of depression anxiety causing changes in your ekg? if you google it, there is one article out of columbia university that specifically mentions st inversions in patients with depression anxiety. i am 27 years old, 190lbs, 6'4 i eat healthily and i've never smoked. i don't drink or do drugs either. the odds of me suddenly having ischemia, especially from one week to the next, is atomically small. have you guys ever heard anything like this? blood pressure is fine as well.
so...anybody with intrusive fears about specific body parts being injured? feeling a little down right now, so i figured i might as well lurk out of the shadows and find if there s anybody dealing with similar stuff. for something like 2.5 years i ve been dealing with recurring and everyday fear of having my ears and eyes yes it s that specific damaged. incomplete list of stuff i fear lasers big one , yes in every shop as well hands mine and other people cigarettes gestures hugging, patting, even walking to fast knives forks even when eating by myself every sharp corner barbed wire loud sounds other bright lights list goes on and on amp x200b i cannot help myself but look for dangers around me, spot them, and if i feel that something might have happened, i seek reassurance either by somehow repeating the thing or googling stuff or asking others if they hit me. i somehow think i know that nothing happened or couldn t have happened but i still cannot let it go for some time after the trigger and in the worst cases cannot let it go for a day or something. there are multiple episodes every day resulting in my every day being disturbed, being avoiding and distant pubs are so distressing... . the weird part is that i do get physical sensations for example right now i feel slight pain in my ear and a pressure because somebody patted me quite abruptly on the shoulder. i know they re not real but they feed my anxiety and worrying. i m on 20mg of paroxetine it s helped somehow but not significantly. looking into psychotherapy options right now. is there anybody else with similar issues? how you re doing? what s your story? and it goes without saying crossed fingers for everybody struggling here on this sub and even though i don t post often thanks for this community! just as i was writing this i remembered there s a grocery store at this street and now i worry if i didn t see a laser from it by peripheral vision. yay me.
sick of taking anxiety medication ast year i was paralyzed on my left side due to a lesion on my brainstem. i recovered thankfully and learned to walk, talk and eat again. i have documented the last 15 months since being discharged. i have tried different medications a lot for my residual symptoms. equilibrium and gait issues, depression and anxiety, cognitive issues and most importantly my severe neuropathy. if i didn t take my medicine i was so itchy and uncomfortable i would be clawing at my feet and legs and actually leaving pretty big cuts. i was losing my train of thought and having trouble finding certain words. i have been in the medical neurology field since i was 19, i m 34 now. i know about medical issues and treatments and all of them have such a negative impact on daily life. i had to make a change. i started taking cbd oil and weaned myself off all my meds. i feel great. my thinking has improved. my speaking skills are on point now. i am no longer losing bits and pieces of a conversation. i wish i did this sooner. like i said i recovered, but i was left with a lot of symptoms, things that my grandparents are complaining of and even though i m only 34 this is my life now. i can t go on the rest of my life taking pills everyday. so now i take cbd oil in the morning and at night. i started out slowly and gradually increased it. i decided to start selling it to get a discount on my monthly oils. im not a sales person but if i can benefit from this, i am sure other people in the same boat as me could too. i was desperate and willing to try anything and now knowing i can take something that is all natural and not made by a pharmaceutical company and it s legal makes me feel so good. i don t mind talking to you personally or just go to the website. http www.hempworx.com dfrizadoi i wish you luck on finding your cure to be pain free, now that i ve tried this i am not going back to pharmaceuticals.
is it bad if your antidepressants makes you feel happy i'm not talking about dangerous mood elevation ? i'm not talking about mania or hypomania here. but in the past i increased my escitalopram dose a few times. i was really climbing the ladder dose wise i think that i had to increase the dose over and over in order to keep the happy effect going so i had to quit and come back down to the proper dose. i felt unbelievably great as i increased the dose. i took notes on my experience and i was just saying how great i felt and how i had nice memories of my family and my past...my mood was just great. antidepressants have been in use for a while now so i'm sure there's some wisdom about 1 whether being happy like that is sustainable, 2 whether it's healthy or not, and 3 whether i could've actually ended that phenomenon of chasing the effect up the dose ladder and gotten the effect to stick . most importantly, when the happy effect was in place all my adhd medications were working. this was absolutely life changing. i can read in my notes that it says over and over if i could only maintain this level of healthy brain functioning and adhd medication effectiveness then i would have a great life . i wonder if there's anything to be learned from this whole experience that i had with the escitalopram and the adhd medications maybe the experience can provide a clue as to what to try in order to have a sustainable foundation for my adhd medications. i do have some anxiety depression ocd i don't think that it's at the clinical level. i mean, i looked up the criteria for ocd and one of them said something about the issues taking up an hour of your time each day, so i'm far from that. and when it comes to depression and anxiety, it's a situation where i have mild issues where you could probably say that it's unhealthy for me to have the negative tilt to my emotions that i have...again it's nothing clinical, though.
the outcasts, for everyone, and the outcasted. where you'll always be accepted. welcome to the outcasts! a new mental health, support discord server! our motto is the outcasts, for everyone, and the outcasted. where you'll always be accepted. amp x200b we are currently a small community, but we are always looking to expand! currently we do movie nights, game night, and host public talk shows, and we take all suggestions into consideration! we offer peer to peer support and advice and are always looking for new people to offer that support! we are also dedicated to helping out others and supporting people through their times of need. we believe that everyone deserves a home and everyone deserves support and help. we believe that no moment is wasted, and every life matters. amp x200b this place was founded with people who are considered outcasts in mind, because this place is where you can be yourself without all the judgement and ridicule. a place where you can love what you want and be who you are and embrace it without other people out casting you. a place where people are kind and supportive of each other, no matter who that person is or what their background is, kind of like a family. amp x200b threats are not tolerated and privacy will not be leaked by others without serious punishment, the only time this is okay is if you consent to it. this means that you can post your private life if you would like to. as long as it follows the rules! amp x200b we are a privately owned mental health discord server, and we are here to help as many people we can and support all. amp x200b we are always open to partnerships from other people! we have many self assignable roles and things you can choose from to define yourself! amp x200b so why not give the server a shot today? we're here to help you in all your rough times. here is the discord link https discord.gg rkmfuun https discord.gg rkmfuun
hantavirus?!? hello fellow reddit people. i go over to my boyfriends every weekend and i think it was the 29th of december when i went to start packing, i opened the dresser and seen that the mice chewed through some wood and shit everywhere. one shirt had a massive pile of crap and wood shavings on it and got all through my clothes. so i just started taking them all out except for the one shirt that had the most droppings. i haven t open the closet till i needed a shirt tuesday, put it on and forgot about the mice poop but i didn t think much of it. i got really bummed thinking about how pretty much all my clothes were destroyed with mice feces and urine i ll admit i let them go for about a week . so last night i put gloves on and put all my clothes in trash bags. i threw away the shirt that had the main crap on it. then i started vacuuming out my drawers with a shirt tied around my neck cause i was scared to breathe it in. then of course i got online and started reading about the virus and began to go into panic mode. i read that if you vacuumed the poop up it can become airborne but i didn t worry about that until after i started overthinking. i slept two hours because i was so terrified that i was gonna die in my sleep. this morning i got so frightened with getting the hantavirus that i immediately went to the er and they took my blood, urine and an ekg. the tests came back fine turns out i m just dehydrated. yet my anxiety still is causing me to freak out and constantly thing i have the virus. i m scared to death literally . my anxiety is making me think also that they misdiagnosed me which happens a lot with this disease. my boyfriend and many people have reassured me that i m okay and that i didn t get the virus yet idk if it s my anxiety mimicking the symptoms of the virus or what but i m very positive that i will be dead soon. i just need some opinions from strangers i guess?
health anxiety after panic attack almost a year ago, i had a panic attack that i thought was a heart attack. i've never had either, and at the time i didn't know that panic attack symptoms can mimic heart attacks. i had a friend take me to the er, and i was freaking out in the er while waiting to be seen. i remember thinking man, this is it, this is how i'm going to die and i'm away from family, wife and kids and everyone i love and i'm stuck in a place i hate and it scared me so badly. anyway, since then i've almost had myself convinced that i was going to die and it was going to be from a heart attack. i've been prescribed buspirone and it keeps me from having panic attacks, and i've come a long way from the panic attacks every day to almost having none. there's been a few times in the past few months where if i wasn't taking medication, i could've had a pretty bad attack. one of them was last week, where my mind just kind of ran away while i was driving home from work and for some reason my mind was looping you're gonna die, and probably run into oncoming traffic, look now you're barely breathing and i had to calm myself down. it sometimes takes me a really long to get calm, and sometimes i can calm myself almost immediately. the thing about this though that i really hate is that the anxiety is always there, always either in the back of my mind or i'm actively thinking about it. i've set an appointment with a psychologist for a few weeks from now, and i really want to get off the meds. they have some side effects that i really don't like, and they are considered mild. are there any of you who suffer from the same kind of health anxiety that i do? i don't know anyone personally who does, at least not in the way it is with me. some co workers had anxiety issues in the recent past, but it looks like i'm the only one who suffers 24 7 and it looks like it's a permanent thing in my life.
its like i am at war with my heart hey people. 27m here. i have had panic attacks 7 years ago. i had severe anxiety for a year, then i used antidepressants, got a girlfriend and stabilized my anxiety for many years. i still had episodes of severe anxiety stress and depression but it never turned into full blown health anxiety that triggered panic attacks and major anxiety symptoms until recently. i have been very stressed thees past months and i finally had multiple panic attacks within the span of a month. ended up in the er 2 times. so as a person experienced with it, i thought i can overcome it more easily and systematically this time. took some anxiety episodes like a boss, started ssri which elevated anxiety so far and tried to fix things again. so my last barrier was to exercise as it had been a major weapon for me to overcome my health anxiety. today i tried to go for a run but was breathless and my chest was hurting due cold i guess? i don't know pretty bad. i became anxious and dizzy. my dizziness went on for hours and i think i still have it. i am 27 and i had ecgs done during 2 of my attacks where the doctor told me it is not a heart attack this past month. but this dizziness thing and basically whenever i measure my blood pressure it turning out quiet high at around 15 9 10 whenever i go to a doctor to have it measured is freaking me out. i feel like my body is getting severely damaged due to my constant high blood pressure and the dizziness obviously screws my functionality. i'll go to a cardiologist regardless. i went to one 6 months ago and he told me all was fine before i was having these attacks. but is it possible to have dizziness and hbp that often with anxiety? i can often see my blood pumping in the body when this state becomes very strong. i want to get back to exercising working out to have a normal life but i am scared that its going to be what kills me...
its like i am at war with my heart hey people. 27m here. i have had panic attacks 7 years ago. i had severe anxiety for a year, then i used antidepressants, got a girlfriend and stabilized my anxiety for many years. i still had episodes of severe anxiety stress and depression but it never turned into full blown health anxiety that triggered panic attacks and major anxiety symptoms until recently. i have been very stressed thees past months and i finally had multiple panic attacks within the span of a month. ended up in the er 2 times. so as a person experienced with it, i thought i can overcome it more easily and systematically this time. took some anxiety episodes like a boss, started ssri which elevated anxiety so far and tried to fix things again. so my last barrier was to exercise as it had been a major weapon for me to overcome my health anxiety. today i tried to go for a run but was breathless and my chest was hurting due cold i guess? i don't know pretty bad. i became anxious and dizzy. my dizziness went on for hours and i think i still have it. i am 27 and i had ecgs done during 2 of my attacks where the doctor told me it is not a heart attack this past month. but this dizziness thing and basically whenever i measure my blood pressure it turning out quiet high at around 15 9 10 whenever i go to a doctor to have it measured is freaking me out. i feel like my body is getting severely damaged due to my constant high blood pressure and the dizziness obviously screws my functionality. i'll go to a cardiologist regardless. i went to one 6 months ago and he told me all was fine before i was having these attacks. but is it possible to have dizziness and hbp that often with anxiety? i can often see my blood pumping in the body when this state becomes very strong. i want to get back to exercising working out to have a normal life but i am scared that its going to be what kills me...
hard lump in penis and doctor diagnosed as a cyst with no ultrasound or biopsy i discovered a hard lump in the middle of my penis. it seems pretty deep internal like close to the urethra and not close to the skin. i have no pain and no symptoms, except a minor case of vitiligo loss of skin pigmentation on my penis that started developing within the last year. no stds. i saw my doctor and i feel like he brushed it off too easily. he said it's most likely a cyst, showed me a picture of an epidermoid cyst during his explanation, and said he just wants to monitor it follow up in 6 months and take no further action no ultrasound, biopsy, etc . my medical record was updated to say it's a cyst. it's the va and i don't know what their deal is but i guess they try hard to avoid unnecessary diagnostic procedures. i just don't view it as unnecessary and expected him to order an ultrasound. i pushed back a little said it felt like gambling the doc responded by saying the odds are against anything serious like penile cancer, i'm too young 31 and further action is unnecessary. on top of that, it's a resident who saw me, who had to confer with an attending for guidance final approval, and the attending never saw me. the resident seemed inclined to order an ultrasound until he spoke to the attending who put the kibosh on that. i acknowledge the odds of cancer are low, i just wonder what would happen if they encountered someone who had a genuine case of early stage penile or urethral cancer. they'd be less likely to catch it at an early stage because they'd wait until it's symptomatic by bleeding, or blocking the urethra, etc. the potential negative consequences for them are nil, and the patient is the one who would be subjected to a penectomy or worse if it turned out they were too complacent. what a nightmare that would be. does my irritation seem justified or am i making too big a deal of it?
can glandular fever cause problems years later? i contracted a bad case of glandular fever when i was 14, and was in hospital for a couple of months, on an iv, and even had to use a wheelchair as i lost so much weight. it took me four months to go back to school full time due to being so exhausted all of the time. before all of that, i was mostly healthy, maybe a bit underweight and had an underactive thyroid, but i was healthy. it was also around this time that i began struggling with manic depression and anxiety, which i am now medicated for. i m now 19, and my thyroid has began working normal ly again but i am constantly ill. i have colds at least once a month, if theres a flu going round i catch it, despite my best efforts to keep up with the preventative measures. i had 7 chest infections last year. 7. i recently was hospitalised for a kidney infection, then haemorrhaging ovarian cysts, and i ve just been diagnosed with another kidney infection just three months after the last one. everything else i m told by doctors is healthy, i ve had blood and urinary tests, ultrasounds and countless antibiotics and multivitamins. in addition to these other symptoms i ve developed psoriasis and my hair is falling out, and i ve also lost most of my toenails. i m beginning to get embarrassed about being ill so often, and that people might think i m making it up. i can t help thinking this is all somehow linked to developing glandular fever. i know its possible to have long term me afterwards, but i was wondering if anyone has a similar story regarding this?? ive been to countless doctors about the various symptoms but none have gotten any better. ive gotten so frustrated i have started to keep track of when i m ill what symptoms i have and they ve began to link together... in my mind my immune system has been seriously compromised since that time and i can t think of any other reason why.
can glandular fever cause problems years later? i contracted a bad case of glandular fever when i was 14, and was in hospital for a couple of months, on an iv, and even had to use a wheelchair as i lost so much weight. it took me four months to go back to school full time due to being so exhausted all of the time. before all of that, i was mostly healthy, maybe a bit underweight and had an underactive thyroid, but i was healthy. it was also around this time that i began struggling with manic depression and anxiety, which i am now medicated for. i m now 19, and my thyroid has began working normally again but i am constantly ill. i have colds at least once a month, if theres a flu going round i catch it, despite my best efforts to keep up with the preventative measures. i had 7 chest infections last year. 7. i recently was hospitalised for a kidney infection, then haemorrhaging ovarian cysts, and i ve just been diagnosed with another kidney infection just three months after the last one. everything else i m told by doctors is healthy, i ve had blood and urinary tests, ultrasounds and countless antibiotics and multivitamins. in addition to these other symptoms i ve developed psoriasis and my hair is falling out, and i ve also lost most of my toenails. i m beginning to get embarrassed about being ill so often, and that people might think i m making it up. i can t help thinking this is all somehow linked to developing glandular fever. i know its possible to have long term me afterwards, but i was wondering if anyone has a similar story regarding this?? ive been to countless doctors about the various symptoms but none have gotten any better. ive gotten so frustrated i have started to keep track of when i m ill what symptoms i have and they ve began to link together... in my mind my immune system has been seriously compromised since that time and i can t think of any other reason why.
anxiety, panic and my heart i don t really get it, i mean i do but, i don t at the same time. like today, i just had a really bad panic attack all because i went for a walk. i m 26 and quit smoking about a month ago now. i know nothing is wrong with me, except that i used to smoke and am struggling with things like shortness of breath etc. but, every time i get my heart rate up even a little or feel short of breath my anxiety kicks in then quickly turns into a panic attack. i get all the usual symptoms, tight chest chest pain, light headed, fast heart rate, and those agitating urges to hit the toilet among other things. i m afraid of having a heart attack and constantly monitor my heart. it s debilitating because i don t want to go for once enjoyed walks, a run or even work...nothing that would increase my heart rate even a little. i really do hate it and i just want to get over it but, the slightest internal change just sets off my panic. i ve been to several doctors, though not since i stopped smoking, and everything has always come out fine. no heart problems on ekgs, ultra sounds or x rays etc. no major problems in the slightest. my mom thinks i m insane. she used to have panic from excessive worrying but, never health related anxiety. she ll confront me about it sometimes and i think it s just so she can tell me how crazy i am anymore. as soon as i try to explain my fear she rolls her eyes, waves her hand and walks off with some ridiculous verbal response. i wonder how she d feel if people did that to her years ago with her excessive worrying. i ve told her to stop talking to me about it if she s going to be that way but, it hasn t deterred her. she tells me she s been right where i am but, got over it and treats me like an inferior because the magic trick she used doesn t just work for me like it did her. i call it magic because it was like she was all better over night.
lumps on neck and head now. okay so first of all thank you for reading this, i am struggling with bad anxiety right now. i have had two lumps on the side of my neck for 2 years now and have been told in the past by a doctor that they were nothing. i was put on antibiotics which didn't seem to help and sent away. i recently had them checked out again and the doctor ordered an ultrasound which i have yet to go to to make sure they weren't cancer. i have zero symptoms otherwise. fast forward to now i have a larger lump on the back left side of my scalp. i'm trying to tell myself it's just a cyst but the anxious pattern seeking side of me is having a hard time time letting it go. it's larger than the other two and is hard and hurts a little when i apply pressure. there are a few causes i can think of 1. it's just a cyst, and completely unrelated to my other two swollen lymph nodes. my fathet has a history of cysts, which may account for mine. 2. i'm pretty sure i remember hitting my head on something about a week ago, so it could just be a bruise of sorts. memory isn't clear 3. cancer. i'm gonna die, hit the panic button, ect... 4. i recently have been having allergies or a cold which could be due to an infection which could be making my lymph nodes react. this is the way my anxious mind sees it i must have cancer because there is now a third lump to add on the other two i've had for years. i've left it untreated for so long that i'm scared to even go to a doctor. now it must be spreading to my brain which would probably make it inoperable. i will get brain cancer and die at 19 due to my lack of action. i'm honestly having trouble deciphering hypochondria from reality. i'm hoping someone besides myself could make a determination as to whether or not i'm blowing this out of proportion. thank you. i'm also worried that in trying to niaevely make myself feel better by posting this.
i am having a extremely large amounts of anxiety for a person. i 17f am in my senior year of high school. i ve sort of always been anxious, especially about people. any time anything happens to someone i care about, even a little bit, i get such bad anxiety that i am often unable to focus on other things. so, as i said, in high school. when i first started high school, life was a mess. what s important to know is that i had just made a massive transition and had come out of the closet. not a lot of support from family, but that s okay. in my particular hs, we have a home room class, and you have that teacher for home room for all 4 years. when i met my home room teacher, she was incredibly kind. for all 4 years, she continued to be this way. she made cards for everyone birthday, talked to me when i was rejected romantically for the first time, and always listened. we talked to each other while getting ready for the day nearly every day for the last two years. this week, she s been absent. very strange. then, on wednesday, she says in a slide prepared for the sub that she s out on medical leave for the next few weeks. it wasn t planned, you could tell from the way she talked in the slides of the previous days. i find out that she s in the hospital, but fine. instantly, i m full of anxiety, feeling like my soul was removed from my body. i m just worried, like, a lot. i know she s fine, as far as everyone knows. i also led an effort for a get well soon card, being given to her by another teacher she s friends with. i don t really know how to just patiently wait for the 3 4 weeks until she gets back. i d also like to say that i know she s fine. my brain does not seem to feel the same way, especially when i m not actively doing something distracting. tl dr my teacher is sick and in the hospital and i have a strangely large amount of anxiety, even though everyone says she s fine.
extreme tiredness all day every day lately, i've been sleeping 12 hours a night and i wake up extremely tired, i can't move for hours because of the overwhelming tiredness. i keep falling back asleep after i hit snooze, and i have intense dreams right away, then my alarm goes off again and the same repeats until i drag myself out of bed because i'm too hungry. i am extremely tired all day as if i had multiple sleepless nights in a row, while i actually sleep 11 hours per night. i'm feverish but no fever most of the time , i feel like my forehead and eyes are hot and heavy, cold chills with sweating, extreme fatigue, muscular pain all over. i feel like i can't function properly, i'm sluggish and think slowly, my mind is clouded. my eyes keep going out of focus randomly. when someone talks to me, their voice echoes in my head, as if it was waking me up while i'm already up and awake . i randomly start falling asleep zone out even when standing up, and get a falling sensation when trying to resist. it's true i had insomnia for awhile, and whatnot, but i don't know why i keep being so tired now that i am sleeping. i do wake up multiple times per night, because my mouth is dry, or because i have to pee or other things, but it's not really new. i think my sleep is just not normal , or something is very wrong with me. i'm tired of being tired. i've convinced myself i probably have leukemia, anemia, sleep apnea, narcolepsy or something else. i don't even have the energy to go to the doctor. am i dying? edit i've been taking nexium for 5 months, and the leaflet says it can mess with your white blood cells, causing intense fatigue, pain all over and a fever. it can also cause hyponatremia, hypomagnesemia, hallucinations, insomnia etc. maybe that's the culprit? the side effect list also reads sleep disorder , what could it mean? i've tired stopping this drug but it's making me sick.
the worst things about hypochondria hypochondria is the worst thing to ever happen to me, everyday i m crippled by it. i guess i just wanted to make a list of all the worst things i go through as a hypochondriac. 1. seeing healthy people and wishing you were like them even though you probably are healthy but your brain is telling you you re not 2. changing daily routines based off the health issue you think you have at the time 3. changing your entire diet to become healthier for me it has been limiting carbs and sugars because i m afraid of developing diabetes 4. checking your pulse all the time to make sure your heart is beating properly unfortunately for me my heart is never beating normally, i have constant heart palpitations and my heart races a lot, not even sure if it s due to anxiety. i m scared it s something serious 5. having very bad mental health days where you can t leave your house this happens to me a lot 6. not knowing if your symptoms are caused by anxiety or something serious this drives me absolutely insane 7. not being able to lead a normal productive for me i can t hold a job, because i always fear something bad will happen to me at work and i ll panic 8. being triggered by seeing things on shows or in movies. for instance, a man has a heart attack in the show your watching and then you freak out about having a heart attack 9. obsessively looking up symptoms and not being able to stop once you start 10. wasting a ton of money on doctors appointments only for them to say you re okay 11. being in tons of debt from going to the er because you think you re dying 12. always looking for reassurance from others, obsessively asking others if they ever have the same symptoms as you so you don t feel alone these are the only ones i can think of right now, but feel free to list the things you deal with as a hypochondriac i m curious about what others go through.
crazy how powerful thought diaries amp breathing techniques have been for my anxiety i've been undergoing therapy for anxiety and depression for the past two months. my therapist recommended that i start keeping a thought diary to write down any worries or concerns that i may have and to practice a breathing technique that involves breathing in for four seconds, holding for two, and then exhaling for four seconds. initially, i was skeptical that these simple practices could make a difference in something that has troubled me for years. however, i began to notice that whenever i started to become consumed by anxious or depressive thoughts, jotting them down in my diary helped me immensely. this process allowed me to break down those thoughts and identify that 99 of the time, my worries and depression stem from hypothetical situations. for instance, one of my thoughts was, what if my friends are judging me behind my back? for context, this was after we went out for drinks . the key phrase in that being 'what if', meaning it's just hypothetical with no real evidence to back up the worry. so, in my thought diary, alongside my worrisome thought, i would write down a 'helpful thought' where i deconstruct this worry. for the aforementioned thought, my helpful thought was this is a hypothetical worry, you have no evidence to suggest this will happen. your friend's opinion of you shouldn't be taken seriously anyway. you don't need to seek approval from your friends. of course, this may not help everyone, but i wanted to share how thought diaries have helped my mental health, and they can be quite powerful. tl dr my therapist recommended keeping a thought diary and practicing breathing techniques to help my anxiety and depression. writing down my thoughts and using the breathing technique has helped me identify that 99 of my worries are hypothetical. i recommend trying it out.
i'm going crazy brain tumor fear hey guys. sorry if my grammar may seem a bit choppy. english is not my first language . i'm running into alot of anxiety. i feel like i'm losing my mind at this point. i have been experiencing neurological symptoms that seem to come and go by months. it all started on thanksgiving. the very first symptom was a strange headach. it was dull yet slightly painfull. what followed afterward was strange weakness feeling in my sholdure and jaw. these symptoms suddenly went away the after. a week i had expreinces no symptoms. in the beginning of december, i began to experience these same symptoms again. all day i could not keep my mind off of these symptoms. i eventually succumbed into a full blown panic attack. those specific moment felt like i was about to die. the symptoms continued throughout the month of december. during this time i was able to go to my family doctor. he seemed to shrug it off. they took my blood, which turned out to be normal. my anxiety not stopping either. these symptoms would occasionally relive than come back. there are period where these symptoms would become stronger and new ones will form. i began to expreince strange dizziness. my balance also felt slightly off. i could not keep my mind off of it. after christmas, my symptoms seemed to have completely vanished. the symptoms seem to have been gone for a good month or so. somehow everything felt better and i thought that was the end of that. boy was i wrong. the symptoms all returned. and back came my anxieties of impending doom. i did notice that these symptoms returned when my period was beginning to start. it did get worse when i was on my period.... i don't know if that matters. i'm still very worried that i have a brain tumor. i feel like that my family and friends think im going crazy, but they just dont understand. i'm scared and have no where to go...
health anxiety is steering me towards a nervous breakdown my health anxiety is getting the best of me lately. been having eye floaters the last few years and tinnitus so i was obsessing over a brain tumor. then lately it turned into colon cancer and pancreatic cancer due to stomach issues. now i woke up this morning and smelled burnt rubber or something similar to it and now i'm back to freaking out over a brain tumor because i couldn't figure out if it was real or not. i did have my bedroom window open which faces the parking lot of my apartment complex and i didn't smell the smell when i went into the other room but still it freaked me out and now i'm obsessing over that. no i'm not sick and don't have nor have had covid. i've seen two old neighbors of mine die from it within months and that's the root of my anxiety with it and now with this what i think was a phantom smell, i'm terrified. and now i can't tell if what i'm smelling is real or not. i came in from walking my dog and thought i smelled the burnt rubber again but it was just my coffee brewing. i literally feel like i'm at my wits end. i can't find a therapist due to time scheduling conflicts with my job. i was prescribed a medication by my pcp but i don't like how anti depressants affect my sex drive the one thing that helps me cope with all of this . the health anxiety is just getting worse the older i get too 35 now . it sends me into deep depressions and i feel like it's ruining my life at this point. it's like i have a choice to either be medicated and impotent or keep spiraling mentally. i hate this. i hate my brain and that it thinks this way. and i hate that you can get a fatal disease no matter how healthy you try to live your life. i'm so full of anger right now over all of this. i'm at work now and have such bad brain fog over all of this to the point where it feels dreamlike.
muscle weakness from anxiety? hello all! this is a wordy post but i really need some input on this. amp x200b i have a heaping helping of ocd and gad. since last summer i have been going through a huge amount of stress from changing medications and not yet having found the right combination, all while working full time with adhd. i also started taking blood pressure medication because that's just how my body responds to antidepressants i have bad genes, clearly. amp x200b two months ago, i started having full body muscle weakness. i don't necessarily feel it all the time, although i am a lot more prone to soreness now. but any time i try to do anything physical climbing stairs, washing dishes, actual exercise my muscles start getting fatigued and that burning sensation that comes with a lot of activity. i feel like i have about a third of the stamina i usually do and my baseline stamina isn't great , and i'll feel like i've done a long workout after basically nothing. i have always had a tendency to muscle stiffness but never experienced anything like this. amp x200b my doctor has run a bunch of tests and there's absolutely no medical reason she can find for this. this started a few weeks after i started a blood pressure medication that worked, but my blood pressure is not low and she cannot find any electrolyte imbalance anything else that might be caused by it. neither my pcp nor psychiatrist have ever heard of a side effect like this for any of the medications i'm on. amp x200b so my question is, have any of you ever heard of or experienced muscle weakness like i'm describing as a side effect of stress anxiety? i definitely have had physical illnesses from anxiety before pain, dizziness, nausea but this is new. i wouldn't be surprised if this was from the stress of the past few months, but i really can't say. any input would be very appreciated!
obsesssion with hepatitis c from manicures i'm a woman in her late 20s. now that i am talking with my husband about having a baby, i'm starting to worry that i could have hep c, and could pass it to my baby. you might think easy, just get tested but that would stress me out more than anything. there are so many false positives, not to mention the fact that if the healthcare law changes, i could have a preexisting condition on my record. my therapist doesn't think i should worry. i am not a baby boomer, iv drug user, never had any blood transfusions, my only unprotected sex partner is my husband, etc...none of the major risk factors. but i can't stop thinking about the few manicures i've gotten in my life. i've only ever gotten about ten manicures at a salon, but i've read that this is a possible mode of transmission. of course the logic side of my brain tells me that most women get far more than 10 manis in their life, and most women do not have hep c...but i can't stop thinking about it, especially because i've bled on a few occasions during manis i've had probably about 20 pedicures in my life, but they were at a high end salon that showed off how well they sterilized everything also, i got a tooth pulled in 1997...i assume that's late enough in history for them to be sanitizing everything, but who knows? about 4 years ago, i had a cmp blood test done and my liver enzymes showed up normal . i assume that if i had had hep c for that long, something would have been amiss. but i still can't stop worrying. my therapist thinks i'm clinging to this because i'm secretly more worried about being a mother, or the changes a baby will bring, but i've hyperfocused on this to distract me from the real concerns.... anyway, is he right? am i unnecessarily obsessing over this? how often do you hear about young women with no risk factors coming down with hep c?
obsesssion with hepatitis c from manicures i'm a woman in her late 20s. now that i am talking with my husband about having a baby, i'm starting to worry that i could have hep c, and could pass it to my baby. you might think easy, just get tested but that would stress me out more than anything. there are so many false positives, not to mention the fact that if the healthcare law changes, i could have a preexisting condition on my record. my therapist doesn't think i should worry. i am not a baby boomer, iv drug user, never had any blood transfusions, my only unprotected sex partner is my husband, etc...none of the major risk factors. but i can't stop thinking about the few manicures i've gotten in my life. i've only ever gotten about ten manicures at a salon, but i've read that this is a possible mode of transmission. of course the logic side of my brain tells me that most women get far more than 10 manis in their life, and most women do not have hep c...but i can't stop thinking about it, especially because i've bled on a few occasions during manis i've had probably about 20 pedicures in my life, but they were at a high end salon that showed off how well they sterilized everything also, i got a tooth pulled in 1997...i assume that's late enough in history for them to be sanitizing everything, but who knows? about 4 years ago, i had a cmp blood test done and my liver enzymes showed up normal. i assume that if i had had hep c for that long, something would have been amiss. but i still can't stop worrying. my therapist thinks i'm clinging to this because i'm secretly more worried about being a mother, or the changes a baby will bring, but i've hyperfocused on this to distract me from the real concerns.... anyway, is he right? am i unnecessarily obsessing over this? how often do you hear about young women with no risk factors coming down with hep c?
kind of freaking out because of mild night sweats i m a healthy 18 y o male that probably has anxiety issues including health anxiety. i ve never seen a doctor specifically for it because it has never really gotten in the way of my life, just occasionally my head. anyway, i ve been experiencing some mild night sweats the past couple days. i wake up an hour or two after going to sleep and my shirt is generally damp. it s not enough sweating to change sheets or anything, but sometimes i have to remove my shirt. i ve had on and off night sweats in the past that freaked me out, such as last winter when i almost convinced myself i had some type of cancer because, well, a quick search on google led me to mayo clinic and... i think you can get the rest this might have been a good time to see a doctor about anxiety... . also, i had some mild night sweats for a while last month, but after i returned home from college they miraculously stopped. last night was particularly bad in that my shirt was definitely soaked when i woke up in the middle of the night, but i just took it off and after stressing over it for a couple minutes, got myself to go back to sleep, and woke up with no more sweat. i should emphasize that when i really wake up, like in the morning, i do not wake up sweating. should i be concerned about this, given that i ve had them occasionally before, probably when i was really stressed out with school, and that they re pretty mild? i don t want to ignore it if it could be a sign of something bad, but i want to stop freaking out about it, too. again, these are not bed drenching like google says is a problem. oh and to make things even more annoying, i feel like i m coming down with a cold or something... everyone in my school it seems is getting sick. so throw those symptoms together and you have an overly anxious kid. thanks for any advice.
15 year old, sophomore suffering from health anxiety ever since i was in elementary school. it's been inherently worse ever since i tried marijuana last summer. haven't tried no other drugs since but still. it was a bad trip, i had wayy too much. current fears that have come and gone heart attack heart arrhythmia cancer brain als or some motor neuron disease my current goals are to gain more muscle and be overall more athletic. i want to get rid of my fat and gain muscle. and consequently after sitting in front of a screen for pretty much all of my life i have gained little to no muscle and am extremely weak. so for the past year i started with going for runs around my block and lifting small weights. then when i got better i jogged for longer periods of time and got a bench press and heavier weights. so i have been lifting weights 6x a week and doing some cardio here and there. i hope i'm not overtraining. but now that my resting heart rate has dramatically decreased went from 70 80bpm to now about 40 50bpm while resting scary shit. i don't want it to lower anymore... i'm scared it will just stop while i'm asleep cause it will go too slow and i will die. irrational? probably. impossible? no. that's why all of us worry about this! all the diseases we can get, and death... don't get me started on that. doesn't help i'm an athiest and have severe dpdr. god, the story of a boy who lived a sedentary lifestyle up until he was in grade 9 and then overexercised and killed himself in the process. wtf. i don't want that to be my life story ffs. just scared. the hospital nearest to me has a bad reputation and houses many drug addicts and is overall filled with sketchy patients so i wouldn't exactly feel safe there. but i'm hanging in there. it's late where i am, school tomorrow. took 0.5mg lorazepam about an hour ago. i hope i'll live to see tomorrow
i'm 16 and going through hell. my anxiety exists due to my high heart rate and i have some questions. i've been dealing with this crap for almost 3 years. it all started with a bad infection that almost costed me a finger. since then i've thought i had cancer, autoimmune diseases, genetic disorders, neurological disorders, diabetes, severe mental issues beyond anxiety, and a whole bunch of crap. luckily, i saw how ridiculous this was before it got too severe hehe it probably is but not as much as it could possibly get . now my problem is my heart. i know it is supposed to speed up when having stress, anxiety or panic, i know why my fingers tingle, i know why i hyperventilate and how it makes things worse, i know why i get headaches, i know! my issue is that it speeds up in a way that i think is too fast. for example, during anxious moments my heart rate is around 100 120 normal and i understand. during panic attacks my heart rate is about 180 205 not normal . my question is if anyone relates to this? the funny not really funny thing about anxiety is that the symptoms cycle. anxiety is a smart cookie who knows how to fool you pretty bad. i've been writing down everything since this started and i've learned a lot about how it works. i've solved my past diseases by finding the flaw in my thinking process but this time i can't. i can count my heart rate when it is that fast. i believe heart anxiety is one of the most difficult ones to beat because the heart does some weird things that we're not supposed to feel but anxiety allows you to. i get ectopic beats my heart stops for a few seconds and then beats strongly again which i know are normal but i feel them and people are not supposed to feel them. it's all due to my anxiety. anyway, i'll repeat my question again does anyone else gets heart rate of 180 to 205 bpm during panic attacks?
i'm 16 and going through hell. my anxiety exists due to my high heart rate and i have some questions. i've been dealing with this crap for almost 3 years. it all started with a bad infection that almost costed me a finger. since then i've thought i had cancer, autoimmune diseases, genetic disorders, neurological disorders, diabetes, severe mental issues beyond anxiety, and a whole bunch of crap. luckily, i saw how ridiculous this was before it got too severe hehe it probably is but not as much as it could possibly get . now my problem is my heart. i know it is supposed to speed up when having stress, anxiety or panic, i know why my fingers tingle, i know why i hyperventilate and how it makes things worse, i know why i get headaches, i know! my issue is that it speeds up in a way that i think is too fast. for example, during anxious moments my heart rate is around 100 120 normal and i understand. during panic attacks my heart rate is about 180 205 not normal. my question is if anyone relates to this? the funny not really funny thing about anxiety is that the symptoms cycle. anxiety is a smart cookie who knows how to fool you pretty bad. i've been writing down everything since this started and i've learned a lot about how it works. i've solved my past diseases by finding the flaw in my thinking process but this time i can't. i can count my heart rate when it is that fast. i believe heart anxiety is one of the most difficult ones to beat because the heart does some weird things that we're not supposed to feel but anxiety allows you to. i get ectopic beats my heart stops for a few seconds and then beats strongly again which i know are normal but i feel them and people are not supposed to feel them. it's all due to my anxiety. anyway, i'll repeat my question again does anyone else gets heart rate of 180 to 205 bpm during panic attacks?
this is why i hate doctors... i ve found there are two different types of health anxiety. 1. you seek out medical advice for any and all issues or 2. you avoid doctors and tests like the plague because you re scared of bad results. i am 2. 7 years ago, when i was 22, i had an obgyn who badly needed clients bring me in 4x in a month unnecessarily to test me for slightly abnormal results on various things. she told me i could have everything from kidney failure to cervical cancer and kept running test after test. every visit she thought i was something else. i had no symptoms this all started with amy first annual exam with her. i freaked out so bad that my parents were concerned about my mental well being. i went to my family gp back home, who talked me off a cliff and re tested me for everything. i was fine. fast forward 7 years. i m now pregnant. i haven t been to an obgyn since that first doctor and am terrified. i was recommended a new obgyn who was supposed to be really great. i go. i submit routine bloodwork, which was super scary for me due to previous experience. i get a call from new obgyn telling me i tested positive for hepatitis c, that it is chronic and incurable, and questioned about iv drug use. i run back in for follow up tests to tell me how bad i have it. follow up tests show that i do not in fact have hepatitis c at all. doctor had failed to tell me the false positive rate is up to 50 . oh, and per other doctors, it is curable if i even did have it. there are commercials on tv about said cure for crying out loud! y all, i can t take this s anymore. i face my worst fear that i have a serious medical condition i m unaware of, then i m told they ve found an underlying condition that could kill me, and then they take it all back. i trust one doctor, and one doctor only. that s my gp and god help me when he retires.
i'm hesitant to get a diagnosis so, i've reached the point when i amassed enough courage to ask for an appointment with a psychiatrist. i've done therapy for about 5 years and never was brave enough to ask my therapist if i had either anxiety or depression. but 5 months ago i started with chronic tensional headaches finished college and found two jobs, ended up very stressed, which i controlled after a neurologist prescribed me pregabalin. however, i've been struggling with other somatic symptoms that lead me to say, okay you waited too much, it's time to do it. even though i hate the idea of being that self diagnose person, i've been doing a lot of reflection and truly believe i have several symptoms of anxiety, perhaps social or general anxiety. i will be seeing this doc who was very recommended to me , and i fear judgment but much much more fear is if i get prescribed meds that mess me up worse. i know she's an outstanding professional, she has appropiately medicated my bf's niece for anxiety, and honestly doubt i'd need something strong but i'm so scared of start taking meds, i fear there's no turning back from it. i fear it changes me so badly that i have bad moments at my job in front of everyone, like crying or a panic attack, or that i make an embarrassment. i don't want to lose my job since it there are two but the full time one has helped me to get out of my lifeless and procrastination days. haven't seen my therapist lately since she had a temporary license and now i'm also unsure if i should come back because she never made me a diagnosis. my general doctor told me to come back to therapy asap. sorry for the long post i'd like to know if someone relates to this or your experiences, but mostly if you know about meds and if i'm just panicking too much or maybe i just need to know this before meeting the psychiatrist.
frustrating set back with ha looking for some support right now! my health anxiety started in the midst of some real health concerns. i was eventually diagnosed with a tumor in my pituitary and am currently taking medication to deal with that. even so i developed severe ha, concentrated around having a heart condition. i ended up in the hospital once and in urgent care half a dozen times over the course of 6 months. i also went to see my gp several times during this period. every time an ekg was done and it came out normal. at the urging of gp i went to see a psychiatrist and therapist. i ve been on zoloft for about 8 weeks now. the beginning was rough but lately i ve felt great. one of my biggest triggers has been my blood pressure, and it s been weeks since i checked it. i was checking my bp just about every 10 minutes before. i was also afraid to exert myself, but have been able to start exercising again, which feels great. last night things went off the rails. my usual symptoms pain in my upper left chest, arm pain numbness, and crushing fear all returned. i checked my bp several times and was only able to fall asleep when i collapsed from exhaustion. i took a klonopin, which i have so i can deal with panic attacks like last night. today i ve been feeling anxious the entire day, i ve resisted taking klonopin again because i don t want to become dependent on it. i feel incredibly frustrated. i have come such a long way in the last few weeks and i m afraid i m falling back into my old ways. i m going back to my psych on friday but i m scared of spending the week in a near constant panic. has anyone else experienced something similar? how did you deal with it and do you have any advice that can help? having ha is like living in your own personal hell and i really don t feel like i can go back to what my life was like before.
does this just sound like anxiety depression? hey! i know you guys arent doctors, and i am waiting for a call back from psychiatrists, but i was wondering if any of you guys have had similar symptoms and could give me some insight. i feel like the way most people describe there anxiety is a lot different than how mine feels. amp x200b sometimes i just get these episode where everything gets scary. i just feel confused and very on edge and everything makes me jumpy. my life feels almost like a horror movie during these times. usually a small sound such as my fridge, pc, anything really will seem to grow louder and seem eerie spooky. my thoughts go down this loop of do i have some sort of serious chronic mental illness, will i feel this way forever, will it get worse? and of course i try to shut these thoughts down and sometimes can, but the feelings are still there and very real. sometimes i get very weird and super brief thoughts of doing rash things flipping the fuck out on my grandma for example . it feels like there's an anchor in my stomach and sometimes, but not usually, ill get shaky and have heart palpitations. these episodes last for well over 15 minutes and i never feel normal afterwards so i get annoyed when people label them as simple panic attacks, because they way other people describe there's, i feel as though mine are a lot different. amp x200b another thing to add, is over the summer i did acid for the first time, and i always read that acid will onset any mental illness you are going to get in the future. so i often fear that i did acid and fucked myself over because of it, but nobody on either side of the family has a history of schizophrenia or anything of the sort. amp x200b if anyone could give me some insight, or share what their crippling anxiety feels like i would love to hear it. thanks guys nn
does this just sound like anxiety depression? hey! i know you guys arent doctors, and i am waiting for a call back from psychiatrists, but i was wondering if any of you guys have had similar symptoms and could give me some insight. i feel like the way most people describe there anxiety is a lot different than how mine feels. amp x200b sometimes i just get these episode where everything gets scary. i just feel confused and very on edge and everything makes me jumpy. my life feels almost like a horror movie during these times. usually a small sound such as my fridge, pc, anything really will seem to grow louder and seem eerie spooky. my thoughts go down this loop of do i have some sort of serious chronic mental illness, will i feel this way forever, will it get worse? and of course i try to shut these thoughts down and sometimes can, but the feelings are still there and very real. sometimes i get very weird and super brief thoughts of doing rash things flipping the fuck out on my grandma for example . it feels like there's an anchor in my stomach and sometimes, but not usually, ill get shaky and have heart palpitations. these episodes last for well over 15 minutes and i never feel normal afterwards so i get annoyed when people label them as simple panic attacks, because they way other people describe there's, i feel as though mine are a lot different. amp x200b another thing to add, is over the summer i did acid for the first time, and i always read that acid will onset any mental illness you are going to get in the future. so i often fear that i did acid and fucked myself over because of it, but nobody on either side of the family has a history of schizophrenia or anything of the sort. amp x200b if anyone could give me some insight, or share what their crippling anxiety feels like i would love to hear it. thanks guys nn
2 things hello! i ve been suffering with anxiety most of my life but got diagnosed officially in college. anyway i am on zoloft and am doing well. however there are two things that have been driving me crazy and i was wondering if anyone else gets this. 1 ever since i was little i would try to fall asleep but i would have the urge to urinate. it would frustrate me so much because it literally made my skin crawl. i would get up and only go a tiny bit. this would happen about 4 5 times and i finally would calm my body down and fall asleep. well i m an adult now and this still happens from time to time. it s so annoying and i m not sure why it happens? it s such an urge to go and i can t shake it off until i literally go to the bathroom. 2 i m on birth control and i have bad ice pick needle headaches. i ve kept a headache log and it seems to happen soon before my period. however i am convinced that i have a brain tumor or some type of brain thing that s causing me these horrible headache pains. it s always the left aide of my head and the pain feels like someone is putting an ice pick in my head real quick then over and over again. it happens minutes from each other and then some time will go by but it will randomly happen again my doctor said i could get an mri but i don t want to because a i m scared if they do find something and b i am just crazy and nothings wrong with me. ps. i have a nose ring that i refuse to take out because i did once during surgery and it closed up. i m a 26 year old healthy female.. on birth control, zoloft and have hypothyroidism. on meds as well basically i m just looking if anyone else has these feelings?!! thanks so much. this community has helped a lot. even though we all deal with this everyday and it s a pain... it s nice to know i m not the only one who has to suffer through this.
driving anxiety hi everyone, i wanted to just put a note here to see if this is a common symptom people experience even with medication . ever since 2020, i developed severe anxiety that seemed to arise behind the wheel. it started with little things i would hit a bump and would spend a little longer looking in the rear view mirror than i ordinarily would. eventually, it escalated to the point where i would compulsively circle blocks or pull over just to make sure that these bumps and potholes were not pedestrians. and if i did circle a block, usually there would be other potholes or bumps, which would lead to a mental downward spiral that drove me, quite literally, to insanity. it was one of these spirals that led to my first trip for psychiatric evaluation. after beginning medication, this generally subsided to a manageable level, and with cbt i was doing pretty good. then, in december of 2022, my wife and i were stopped at a red light when us and two other vehicles were completely totalled by an f350 who rear ended us, travelling at roughly 80 kmh. he ran from the incident. everyone was miraculously not seriously injured, but i ve been set back to pre medication levels of anxiety while driving. this hyper vigilance i drive quite a bit has now lead to significant physical illness for me. from stress, i ve ground my molars to completely flat, and the tension within my body from being so, braced? i guess? and overly vigilant while driving, is really locking me up. i ve gained a lot of weight, too. it s lead to serious depression as i ve built a life that requires me to have a limber body. does anyone have any similar stories to share? or even just some relevant encouragement i m really getting to the end of my rope lately because of this. thank you beautiful humans, please drive safe and treat yourself gently.
i'm convinced i have hiv. i've had a bit of hiv phobia for a while now, and i realize now it was mostly unfounded. but this summer it got worse. i have no job right now and i wasn't going to school, so i spent most of the summer inside, to an unhealthy extent. when i did go out for long enough, i developed a rash that i think is pmle, which is a mild allergy to sunlight, not fun but harmless. then i saw that it can be a symptom of hiv infection. granted, i've never had this reaction before. the page said it can develop around my age, and near nonexistent sun exposure mixed with periods of high exposure can probably cause reactions like that, especially since it was a pretty brutal summer, but i'm still terrified. around this time i also started to develop these purplish vein like patterns on my legs, and that just made me panic even more because i couldn't just explain that away. i am overweight, and i think i gained some weight during the summer, so i thought of stretch marks, but aren't those usually white? they seem to be going away now but that's only a little comforting. i've never done drugs or even had sex. but i remember finding an unexplained cut on my finger a few years ago that i'm afraid might have been from a needle in the trash where i worked at the time. i don't remember exactly when that happened. i haven't been getting sick often or having issues with infections, but would i really notice those things if my immune system wasn't working properly? isn't the immune system where most of the symptoms come from? i still haven't been going out as much as i probably should, and i realize that i probably have a severe vitamin d deficiency, so that might be causing some of this, but i don't know if it can explain everything. i keep checking my skin for any changes, fearing the worst. i'm really scared.
hiv worry hi there, about a month ago i had unprotected sex with my ex girlfriend we have still maintained a close friendship . she told me she had been tested for stds since the last time she had sex, i had had blood work and urine work done since the last time i had had sex also. about a week later she told me she had missed her period and we were worried about pregnancy. she was sick for a few days, nauseous and fatigued. after a while she got better but during that time i asked if she had blood work done, to which she replied no, just urine. she thought the same negative thoughts as me she also has health anxiety . when she got better she assured me that she had just been stressed, not eating right and i had nothing to worry about. she even called me to reassure me. now i am studying abroad in the middle east, and i started feeling sick last week. i had a stomach ache normal for new bacteria in food and then a sore throat and congestion. instantly i thought this was the worst and that i had hiv. again i told her i was freaking out but she reassured me that i was fine and so was she. i found out that my friend in the program has had the same symptoms as me and we guessed it was allergies. now i ve been taking antihistamines and feel better but the thought won t leave my mind. i understand that it s very hard to get anything through vaginal intercourse, plus i am circumcised 0.08 that she has it, 0.04 chance that i could get it from her if she was . it s hard to get tested in the country i m in because that s simply how it is. i ve asked her to get tested but she said she s been very busy and she told me i need to get help for my anxiety. i made an appointment with a psychiatrist because i have a history of panicking and anxiety. should i be worried about this? thanks and sorry for long read.
i need help. in a bad state. i ve never posted on reddit before, but here it goes i m 31, female, and i have been suffering and i mean suffering from what i am reluctant to label health anxiety. i have suffered from anxiety, panic, and depression since i was 19. i have also had severe stomach problems since i was probably about 10 years old. for the last, i would say, 4 months of 2018, i had intensifying acid reflux. i avidly practice yoga, and it got to the point that i couldn t do down dog without bile coming back up my throat. christmas night, i suffered a panic attack out of the blue...and somewhere around that time i can t recall exactly when i must have googled that symptom severe acid reflux and ended up at the conclusion that i have stomach cancer or pancreatic cancer. i have rather honed in on pancreatic. in the weeks following this, i have completely lost my appetite. i ve dropped about 10 15 pounds. i have horrible dry mouth, pains in my abdomen and back, sporadic diarrhea when i actually can eat anything i cannot work, be a mother, or give my attention to anything that isn t focused on my impending demise. i have obsessively written down my theories about what i think i have, my symptoms and what s causing them. i feel as if i can feel the cancer in my body. i ve even researched how to tell my child that i have cancer bc i want to be prepared. i endlessly google and search youtube videos. i have an emergency appt with my primary care doctor of 5 years tomorrow, and i am terrified. my mother is having to drive me bc i am so incapacitated mentally. i have considered checking myself into a psychiatric hospital, but i ultimately see no point in that bc i know it s not mental. i don t know what i want from posting this. i m just at the end of my rope and wanted to share my story.
phobia of appendicitis, anxiety whenever i get any tingling sensation in my stomach, i'm in a vicious circle hello, i've been feeling pretty weird for about 15 days now, and i want to share a bit of backstory to help you understand better 6 or 7 years ago, i felt a huge discomfort around my abdominal belt, so much that almost had to sleep standing up because it was the most confortable position for me, i went to a doctor and he shoved his hand in my lower stomach so hard i screamed in pain, he said it was appendicitis even though the pain was coming from him and him only, and he rushed me to the hospital. after a day of stress they announce me that i'm fine and that i just have to take some medication because there was a problem with my nose for some reason. because of that experience, any small tingling sensation in my stomach puts me in a state of anxiety, my heart rushed, i feel heat around my head, i want to throw up and i have diarrhea, which are common symptoms for appendicitis, so i end up in a vicious circle. i've been suffering from anxiety and depression for a while now, and i'm pretty inactive at the moment, i'm a lot on my computer but ever since too weeks i've been feeling stomach discomfort for sitting too long, which triggered my anxiety through the roof and messed up my digestive system, going from constipation to diarrhea every few days, i also suffer from lower back pain. after a night of drinking yesterday, i'm now left with anxiety and hangover, and an annoying discomfort in my right flank area, parallel to my arm under my ribs, which doesn't help my anxiety. i have an appointement tuesday but i'm terrified because i have to wait two days and i can't really take it anymore, i'm afraid i might have something serious and i don't know what to do. thanks for your help !
should a low blood pressure and pulse rate be concerning at an odd time? i was at this enormous concert recently over 10,000 people in one room, 5 big screens, lord knows how many speakers, etc . it was the first concert i've ever been to because i don't really like loud noise, but there were a couple speakers there i wanted to see it was more of a conference with several hours of music . previously unbeknownst to me, the music was incredibly loud and there were continuous lights flashing all different colors and directions. i'm a pretty introverted, quiet guy so this wasn't my idea of a good time, but that's not confusing. what confuses me is that my pulse dropped. it was a day long event, but i'm in good shape so i doubt that was an issue. i noticed because i started getting dizzy, got a headache, and was tired enough to sit and close my eyes amidst all the hype . to my chagrin and embarrassment several people asked me if i was okay which i appreciated but felt deeply uncomfortable with . my resting heart rate is about 64, and i'd thought it'd be elevated with the very overwhelming to me at least stimulus for an extended period of time. instead, i measured it, and it was right at 42. wtf was going on? i didn't leave because i didn't want to ruin everyone's time, but seriously, is something wrong with me? no one else had this. it made me feel alienated and uncomfortable when i should have been having a great time. i've never had a panic attack or any prolonged health issues so idk what happened. was this just an anxiety thing or is that an actual health issue. i'm not going to ask anyone because frankly it was embarrassing. to clarify i'm not asking you to diagnose anything, i just want to if anyone has felt something similar. thanks in advance for any help. edit grammar and spelling
feeling stupid lately... alright so i m 16m, have health related anxiety, and have had this sort of thing before. maybe someone has something wise to say. so i constantly worry about losing intelligence i m a pretty bright guy but i often worry that this attribute is slipping away from me. i m rather insecure about this. i work at a swimming pool that s under construction. there were diesel fumes in the pool the whole 3 hour shift. they were bad enough at one point to give a coworker a headache, and at least one patron turned right around when she came in and smelled how and it was. mgmt didn t close till the last 30 mins! i was one of the last on the deck. didn t really get a headache, though. anyway i own a juul, i was using that before and after. so nicotine exposure. haven t used it for a few days. also i drank a bit with friends the night of that work shift. continued using the juul and drank more the night of the next day. also i was at higher altitude for two days after this, but only 2000 ft higher than the 5000 of my hometown. back home and still feel what i m about to describe. i feel like my memory has been shitty since this, and my mental cognitive linguistic abilities down. i feel dull. i ve had scares like this before, but this feels different. is this just anxiety? anxiety seems to cause very real physical symptoms for me, but i feel less stressed than i normally would during this type of episode. anyone have any words of advice? edit forgot a major component i got a meningitis vaccine the day before the second drinking incident. not an antivaxer at all, i just was worried about the interactions between all these in relation to my memory mental issues recently. kinda reinforces my point that i forgot this big part which was a primary part of my thoughts about this
questions for new anxiety sufferer... does anybody's anxiety present with just the following symptoms chest tightness tightness in the front of the neck and under the chin light headedness dizziness feeling faint like i may pass out nausea these are the symptoms i've been feeling. i don't really seem to have an impending sense of fear or doom when these things happen, but i will say they are triggered by talking about my condition, or just general stress, but sometimes they happen for no reason at all. i have just been sitting watching tv, playing a video game, or scrolling through reddit and they've happened. i've been to the er three times at two different hospitals in the past week with these symptoms in addition to high blood pressure and all three times, my blood work and ecg have been normal. i need to add, a lot of these symptoms got worse when lying down, and got better when sitting up or walking. in light of that last detail, the er doctors said it's just gerd and sent me home with orders for a ppi medication and a blood pressure medication. well, the gerd has improved, and all the symptoms i've listed above have improved as well but haven't gone away. i'm seeing an anxiety doctor later this week, and out of an abundance of caution, a cardiologist later next month soonest they could get me in another detail i received a call from the doctor earlier telling me my cholesterol was high and my potassium was a little high from the lisinopril bp med so they started me on a diuretic and a cholesterol medication. as soon as i got off the phone with that news, i instantly started feeling the pressure in my neck and chest... this is what leads me to believe my symptoms are anxiety related. tl dr asking about all of your symptoms to see if mine line up with anxiety or not.
gerd fears please help hello, been a while since i posted here. anyways, i've had on and off acid reflux since i was 19 or 20 23 now . it started when i went to an ent because my singing voice wasn't quite right i sang a cappella in college and he said oh you probably have gerd . never did a diagnostic test or anything. then came summer 2017. i heard that acid reflux can lead to barrett's and then esophageal c. coincidentally, i also started to feel a lump in my throat, which i knew had to be esophageal c. so, i got an endoscopy. it came back clean with a little irritation. but, it was clean! great. needless to say, the lump disappeared. i've been on and off meds for gerd ever since. for the past 6 9 months, i've been off them because, truthfully, my reflux hasn't been bad. tums or zantac usually suffices if i need it. ppis aren't good long term anyways. about five days ago, the lump in my throat returned. coincidentally, i've been drinking more coffee lately and being very liberal with my diet. i'm hoping the lump is one of two things. 1. irritation from increased reflux due to liberal diet. 2. cricopharyngeal spasm essentially the upper sphincter in throat being too tight due to anxiety, stress, etc. . i am literally praying to god every night that it isn't anything worse, but i'm still terrified. could my clean scope have progressed to barrett's or worse in a year and a half? background i suffer from chronic ocd, anxiety, and depression. i just started my first real job since graduating college and recently moved into a new apartment. i've suffered from a sphincter spasm before... it was down south... not fun. when i take my klonopin it is prescribed it seems to get better. additionally, my throat feels better when eating, drinking, or in the morning. please help me.
persistent pain in fibrocystic breast anyone have similar experiences? a couple months ago i got a checkup because my breasts have always felt lumpy. doctor felt with her hands and said they felt like normal lumpy breasts. i got an ultrasound and was told i have fibrocystic breasts. cool! i could finally relax. a month later, i literally woke up one day and felt a pain in my right breast i hadn't felt before. i don't know if pain is what i should use since it doesn't hurt too bad, but i can definately and specifically feel it, and it's a sensation i don't feel anywhere else in my breast. ever since it randomly started that day, months later, it is persistent and i still feel it in the same spot. i'll feel it twinge throughout the day. it hasn't been getting more painful, but it is a specific sensation in the same spot although sometimes when i sleep it'll feel slightly painful more pronounced in the morning, but then goes back to its normal sensation after i move around. it also hurts when i feel knead it with my hands, but so do many other parts of my boobs . during my cycle, my nipples will get sore a few days before my period, and then feel normal again once it starts that is the way my breasts have acted during my cycle for years. this new specific sensation in my breast is persistant throughout the month, and i believe it's unrelated to my cycle. has anyone had similar experiences like this? any advice, similar experiences, or concerns if something's going on with me that i should get checked out would be appreciated. i'm so mad this pain decided to start right after i finally got an ultrasound, so i feel obtuse about going to get it checked out again, especially considering i don't know what else could be done to examine it besides getting another ultrasound.
horrible fear of food being drugged lately i ve been having this massively irrational fear of my food being laced with lsd or some other form of psychedelics. i won t eat something that s been already opened regardless of whether or not it s mine, which has led to me not only wasting food, but actively avoiding eating unless i make it right there, and even then it takes quite a bit of effort. this in turn has also led me to having a fear of an undiagnosed mental illness, and i can t quite afford to go to a doctor currently to figure out if that is the case. i ve only ever been technically drugged once when the cannabis my friend bought was laced with pcp a few months ago but this fear extends back to when i was around fifteen twenty three now . i ve done acid only twice and while i did enjoy it, it s not something i m likely to do again, and i rarely smoke cannabis or drink, but i did do a lot of both for a few years. obviously nobody is gonna waste good acid on me but the fear is constantly there to the point that i yelled at my brother the other day for jokingly pretending to drop something into my gatorade on the way to work he s unaware of this fear and threw it away despite it being completely full, and even avoided eating the cookies my mom brought down for christmas, which made me feel awful as there is absolutely no way my mom would ever do anything like that to me. i m iffy on telling anybody close to me about this fear for a few reasons, the main one being the irrationality of it all, but i also do not want to be sent to an inpatient center again, can t afford it as i was for depression as a minor. sorry for the rambling wall of text but i just need to know if this is signs of a more major illness or at the very least how i can possibly cope with it.
panic freezing all month during work i don t know if thats an actual term or not. all i know is i have been sitting at my desk, feeling frozen, staring at the screen. i know that i know how to do most of my job. but i m petrified of things that haven t happened yet, or that i think will happen. i will subconsciously do anything to divert my mind from actually lifting my hand and starting my work. a cycle of living in fear of everything i worked for falling apart..just because i m having crippling anxiety the last few months. its so frustrating to even look at myself be this way knowing how hard i can work. instead, i m here panicking internally about everything happening all the time, whats due, whats coming up, not really being 100 clear on anything. its been a very difficult two years for me and i feel like its all coming down at once ..after just drowning it all on micro distractions to keep my mind at bay. i told my boss a relative im going to come by on friday and discuss something. something being im losing grip of myself and i need to step down. ive already been dealing with the internal battle of if thats the right thing to do, or the cowardly thing to do. still don t know if im just feeling sorry for myself or actually deserve a break. either way, i m still going to be jobless after, up to my neck in bills and responsibilities im still trying to manage. i put everything into what i do with every job. blood sweat and tears. i just get so invested, and always come out the other side completely stripped bare emotionally, physically, mentally. i am not sure if this is going to be the case for every job. what if this keeps happening? what if stepping down and moving on just circles right back with the next job? i want to escape this pattern.
please help orthorexia, health anxiety, veganism and internet quacks hi there, amp x200b i experience health anxiety and orthorexia, i have a really unhealthy relationship with food and my health anxiety revolves extremely around food. however, i have spent so much money on tests and seeing doctos and am at my wits end. every health test i have had through a legitimate nhs doctor, gastroenterologist and specialist i have been told i have nothing to stress about. i had a blood test for pernicious anemia, a full blood count test for everything, a stool test through the gastroenterologist. my worry now is that i have sibo or some weird gut disease. i am also vegan. however, i am worried that i am being misled by internet quacks who want to sell fake or bullshit health tests, out of desperation a few weeks ago i bought and took an organic acids test and it cost 256, and the online nutrition coach who sells the test recommends i take a sibo test so i can know if i have it, but im concerned ill just be given a false positive which will further amp up my health anxiety and orthorexia. i even spent 300 on a mercury tri test because i was worried i had mercury poisoning from fillings which i now recognise as untrue and a very common case of health quackery. i spent 200 on 'viome' where you send a stool sample and its completely bogus. i dont know what to do, i'm obsessed with the idea that my anxiety is linked to my gut health even though i dont have any of the genuine symptoms of sibo. i'm just sick of being obsesseed with my health and the food i eat. it had got to the point where i lost a stone and weighed 49 51kg as a 21 year old male at 5 6. amp x200b if anyone can relate to this please feel free to reach out or give some advice. amp x200b thank you
brain tumor anxiety hey everyone, i'm new to this subreddit. i feel like recently i've been suffering from health anxiety. it suddenly came up out of nowhere. first i was convinced something was wrong with my heart, i started having lots of different symptoms and was truly convinced something was wrong. got it all checked, and it turned out fine. afterwards i still felt kinda sick, so i got a blood test done which came back clear. this was about 3 weeks ago. a bit later i started having these headaches, and my vision suddenly got worse at least i got the impression . now i don't know if this is purely because i started focusing on it, or that it actually is something bad. anyway, i decided to go back to the doctor since i work in it, and dealing with the vision thing and headaches was getting pretty hard. amp x200b he checked me, asked lots of different things but he didn't seem quite sure about what it was. he sent me to an eye doctor, got my eyes checked there, and it turned out i need resting glasses for screen work etc. my eyes have been bad my entire life, had glasses since i was 3 . i've also been having this visual snow, again i think i've had this for a long time, but it's like my mind suddenly seems to notice and freak out about it, same with things like my tinnitus which i've also had for years. amp x200b i'm still just scared i may have a brain tumor, because of the bad vision and headaches. but, if i had a brain tumor, they would have seen it in the blood test from a few weeks back, right? or no? the doctor or eye doctor would have rang the alarm bell if something was seriously wrong, right? amp x200b do you guys think i'm fine? it's just so horrible to deal with this, it truly affected my life lately. amp x200b amp x200b amp x200b
second opinion for cancer? hey there. i'm a 24 y o female and in early october 2017 i noticed a lump on the left side of my neck about the size of a pea. assuming it was from a cold as i had been coughing quite a bit. i let it go until i noticed again in early november it had grown in size. i noticed another under my right jaw and my doctor ordered an ultrasound and the left one measured 1.88 cm x 0.92 cm x 0.98 cm and the right one measured 1.27cm x .76cm x 1.06cm. i had other swollen lymph nodes as well, but this was the one i could feel from the outside. the ultrasound tech ordered another test through my gp although my gp was hesitant to sign the form for my follow up for early january, so i went on the 2nd. the left lymph node is now 1.74cm x 1.03cm x1.0cm and the right lymph node is now 1.79cm x 0.91cm x 1.22cm. i've also found that my cough has gotten worse despite not having any other cold symptoms runny nose, sneezing, etc as well as i am finding myself very short of breath with a chronic pinching squeezing sensation below where my bra band sits. my doctor ordered a pulmonary function test and we are waiting for results. i find myself waking up in the middle of night really hot and sweaty and i have been getting an itchy rash on my stomach that comes and goes. when i mentioned this to my doctor she didn't think anything of it i thought i might be getting fevers at night from a bad flu or something . i'm a little worried because the lymph nodes mentioned as well as the other 8 or 9 notes in my ultrasound have seem to have grown in some way or another and i'm hoping my doctor doesn't dismiss it like she did the last time. would you reccomend a second opinion? seeing if the lymph nodes grow more? i would love some peace of mind on this.
nobody takes me seriously i ve 24m dealt with depression anxiety for years now. i used to be great with people, make good money, have the nice cars, great girlfriend, supportive parents, friends that i could say looked up to me etc. and then i was diagnosed with depression. within about a year, i quit my job, lost my girlfriend even though she was great to me, and have yet to keep a stable job for more than a month at a time. my depression eventually was ruled to be treatment resistant after being on a number of meds and trying many other things. some would work for a couple months and then i d fall even further back from where i was. but now, after not having worked since early july of 2022, i am dealing with extensive and scary brain fog. i ve incorporated working out, eating healthier, taking supplements and just trying to live a healthier lifestyle as i figured this was coming from a bad diet my whole life. i also got all blood work done including thyroid, basics, vitamin levels, testosterone etc and everything came back normal other than pretty high cholesterol. both doctors i ve seen general practitioner, psychiatrist has kinda blown me off when i tell them about the brain fog. almost like they don t really know what to say or what the next step should be to ruling out causes. i m so scared as i m feeling like i m going crazy or have dementia. my parents are usually very supportive when i m going through stuff but my mom doesn t even want to hear me talk about it and my dad isn t always around as he lives about 45 mins away. i ended up packing some things and driving to his house tonight without saying anything to my mom. i just hate feeling alone and don t know what to do anymore. i feel like i m at the end of my road
a whole slew of problems... normal? i've been dealing with anxiety since september, specifically generalized anxiety disorder gad . since then i've had a few recurring symptoms that my first doctor had waved off to anxiety, but since then have gotten more common. i will be talking to a new doctor soon since i need to get back on meds after my last attempt ended, so i will be talking to them about this, but wanted others' opinions experiences too, for comfort especially. i had a huge fear of contracting rabies since i work with animals. i know this is not logical, since any animal that has ever scratched me i've never been bit has not had rabies, and since even though i exhibited some general symptoms that happened to line up with rabies, i've been this way since september. so, i'd be dead by now. some of those symptoms are, like i said, pretty general and line up with anxiety related symptoms. minor muscle twitching, foggy thinking, being irritable, trouble swallowing dry mouth has never impaired eating drinking , etc. i also have had a totally random symptom from those, which is sharp, short lived pains in my chest, and now they're along my lower abdomen and uterus. my new doctor has seen me once for chest pains when they wouldn't stop one day. she said everything sounded fine as far as my heart and lungs, i wasn't experiencing limited breathing, and the pain wasn't long lived and was sharp, not like a pressure or anything. she was hoping it was from acid reflux, which i was having issues with, but after a month of medicine for that, i'm still having that. has anyone else had sharp chest pains from anxiety? i've had stomach pains from stress anxiety, but have any ladies also had pains in their uterine ovarian area from it?
ha and a palm tree lead me to urgent care to preface, i just discovered this sub and wow, i can t believe there s so many others who struggle with the same issues i do. i ve struggled with ha since i was about 14 i m 24 now , and i go through periods of time where i m fine, and then i ll hit a rough couple of weeks that leave me absolutely crippled. so, couple of weeks ago after many years of worry, i am a former smoker i finally got the reassurance that i did not have lung cancer due to shortness of breath. following that positive news i thought to myself okay great, finally my ha will calm down. that was short lived. a couple of days ago i was attempting to clean palm tree debris and got stuck by a leaf thorn. naturally it lead me to google it because it got slightly swollen and i convinced myself i had a serious infection and plant thorn arthritis thanks google so off to the urgent care i went, they laughed at me when i demanded a tetnus shot and gave me antibiotics and sent me on my way. i still can t stop thinking about how i might have to get surgery to remove plant debris, it s been consuming every thought of mine even though the swelling has gone down. in other news, i ve had a slight tenderness in my thigh for a few months and my googling has lead me to believe i have a dvt. i m freaking out and scheduled another doctor s appointment for monday.... i luckily have a very supportive so that recognizes when i m on my bad weeks with ha and is my safe person. it just sucks so much, we have so much planned the next few weeks and all i can focus on is my impending death. but hey, i m so happy i found this community and i m looking into getting professional help for my ha and trying to figure out better ways to handle it.
fear it s not bronchitis. 28 white male 6 1 275lbs pack a day smoker for 10 years no chronic health conditions or regular meds current meds 20mg prednisone 3x a day for 5 days, albuterol inhaler as needed up until last night i d been using it every 4 hours regardless on wednesday 5 days ago i went to urgent care because i d been feeling some chest discomfort. my son has recently gotten over walking pneumonia so i wanted to get it checked out and start treatment early if that s what i had. they did a chest x ray, took blood, did a peak flow test where i scored a 300. doc gave me a breathing treatment and bumped the peak flow score to 450. doc said, i m gonna call it bronchitis and prescribed me the meds listed above. in the beginning, i didn t feel sick i wasn t rundown or tired, no fever, no loss of appetite or anything. ever since i went to the doctor i ve felt weird. i wake up feeling shaky, i get dizzy throughout the day, for the first few days my lower legs were killing me, i get these random waves of feeling hot flushed, and i wake up several times throughout the night either cold or burning up still no fever, no chills . i feel like the prednisone should be giving me some improvement but the cough is becoming more frequent and more productive white sputum . last night it took me forever to fall asleep because the center of my chest hurt. i ve slowed down on my smoking since going to the doctor but haven t totally stopped. i m just so afraid that this is something more serious. would something like cancer have shown up on my chest x ray or blood work? i ve been up for the past 2 hours with my mind racing. right now i m sitting on the couch and every time i inhale i get a dull pain in my chest. i just want to be okay.
my fear if brain eating amoeba is ruining my life ? i'm new here, but i've been to counseling multiple times and i still can't get myself together. so, it all started in december when i was taking a shower, and a droplet of water got in my nose and i snorted it, it ruined my entire christmas cause for two whole weeks i was waiting to die. it totally traumatized me, i never got over it even when a month passed. when i shower, i hang a towel nearby and wipe my face whenever it gets wet . when i wash my face in the morning, i dry out my nose with a cloth after, even if i'm late for work. when i brush my teeth , i hold my breath. when it's raining outside, i breathe with my mouth . sometimes when it's raining a truck will pass by and water will splash on my face and i'll need to go to the nearest gas station and get a tissue to dry my nose out if anything even got in there. i don't go swimming anymore, even though i used to do it as a sport. i'm always careful when drinking water, i'm even scared of my own spit when i laugh of it getting up my nose. i guess i'm just scared of water as a whole now, i know my fear is irrational and i can't even get the infection from most of these things. also, i live in canada where we've never even heard of this stuff before. i even read you could get the intention from soil or dust. so i'm afraid to breathe in or touch my nose with a lot of things that i think have dust on them or dirt. i never even put my hands towards my face anymore without washing 4 5 times first. i've started having severe existiential crisis caused by this, i'm always scared to die and it keeps me up at night. i just want to be normal again like before and not worry about these things anymore, but it's so hard.
my fear if brain eating amoeba is ruining my life ? i'm new here, but i've been to counseling multiple times and i still can't get myself together. so, it all started in december when i was taking a shower, and a droplet of water got in my nose and i snorted it, it ruined my entire christmas cause for two whole weeks i was waiting to die. it totally traumatized me, i never got over it even when a month passed. when i shower, i hang a towel nearby and wipe my face whenever it gets wet . when i wash my face in the morning, i dry out my nose with a cloth after, even if i'm late for work. when i brush my teeth , i hold my breath. when it's raining outside, i breathe with my mouth . sometimes when it's raining a truck will pass by and water will splash on my face and i'll need to go to the nearest gas station and get a tissue to dry my nose out if anything even got in there. i don't go swimming anymore, even though i used to do it as a sport. i'm always careful when drinking water, i'm even scared of my own spit when i laugh of it getting up my nose. i guess i'm just scared of water as a whole now, i know my fear is irrational and i can't even get the infection from most of these things. also, i live in canada where we've never even heard of this stuff before. i even read you could get the intention from soil or dust. so i'm afraid to breathe in or touch my nose with a lot of things that i think have dust on them or dirt. i never even put my hands towards my face anymore without washing 4 5 times first. i've started having severe existiential crisis caused by this, i'm always scared to die and it keeps me up at night. i just want to be normal again like before and not worry about these things anymore, but it's so hard.
what triggers your palpitations and what do they feel like? so i ve been dealing with intermittent palpitations for the past 6 months or so. i haven t had an ekg done yet just because i m in between doctors and my psychiatrist md not therapist said she wasn t worried about them and thought they were fine when i told her about them. from what she told me and what i ve learned, i think i ve been feeling ectopic beats. for me, it feels kind of like my stomach drops like when you re in an elevator going down. i can also feel like the air is pushed out of my lungs and i feel a super faint little tap in my chest, then my heartbeat goes back to normal . i sometimes feel adrenaline and lightheadedness right when it first happens, but i m not sure if that s a physical response to the palpitation or if it s my anxiety reacting. i ve never felt a run of any, it s always just a single missed beat that i feel when they re bad i get 3 5 per day at most . i ve been trying really hard to figure out what triggers them for me, and it seems to be correlated with breathing variance, stress, and posture. for instance, i feel them most often if i m talking quickly and run low on breath and then take in a quick breath. i also feel them sometimes when bending over or bending backward. also, if i ve been sitting down and then stand up and stretch i can feel a tightness in my whole chest area and my heart will beat slow and hard and i can feel an ectopic if i move too quickly or breathe weird during this. i wanted to know if anyone else has these same triggers, and if not then what are they and how do the palps feel? i m working on not worrying so much about mine, but it s comforting to know other people experience similar things.
tell me your success stories quick bio my dad was diagnosed with ms when i was 23, shortly after having my first baby. it rocked my world. i saw the strongest man in my life quickly deteriorating and it hit me that illnesses happen to young people. this kicked off health anxiety for me and i ve been struggling ever since. i ve been convinced that i ve had ms, parkinson s, neuro diseases. lots of various cancers. i m a compulsive checker if i feel a lump or bump. i check it constantly. i ve had panic attacks that last for days. most of these symptoms have always gone away with starting and restarting ssri s. basically, my anxiety has given me symptoms that mimic diseases. my mind is obviously not healthy, as if i even hear the word cancer, i can feel the anxiety build. if people i know are going through something health related, or even if i see a young person going through cancer treatment, it triggers it. it s even branching to my kids. every headache or complaint, i start panicking about something worse than a headache or virus. i can t sleep, i obsess and they re starting to notice my compulsions and worries. it s entirely illogical and overall just really bad for my health. i don t want to live like this. i hate being on ssri s. i have sexual side effects and i don t feel like myself. i think they help, but even on them i m susceptible to panic over things. i ve tried meditating, medications, yoga, exercise. i ve overhauled my diet. i lift weights and cardio 3x a week. i use cbd oil. my question is this a life long thing? has anyone overcome this and lived more normal ly? has therapy helped you? and if so, how? i just don t see how talking about it will help. how have you overcome this? i m so tired.
i need advice. i ve had crohns since i was 6 years old, currently 21, and it has affected me more than i realized. my mental health is very bad and has been since 2020. my mother passed away the moment i graduated high school in 2019 and i haven t been the same since. i don t have any other family near me to help me out, and i m alone in my head all the time even though i have a girlfriend. she helps me as best as she can but it doesn t change anything once nighttime comes around. once she s asleep i m back to overthinking and start crying and want to just end it all. i miss my old life, i miss what i used to have, and i ll never be the same again. and just thinking about that kills me. i ve been told many of times to just think about the present instead of the future or past, or don t think badly, try to think of all the good times and bs like that but it doesn t work for me. i m mentally fucked up and physically with my stomach. i physically can t work due to my crohns, i m on the toilet at least 5 6 times a day sometimes even up to 10 times. and it s never pretty. i don t know what to do anymore, i m on a small budget, and i m just tired of feeling like this. i used to smoke weed but i ve stopped thinking it would help out in the long run but it hasn t been any different since i ve quit. i will not take pills, i do not want to get addicted to anything or be stuck on psych meds. please god can someone help me find a way to make it out. i m so smart and i have such a good head on my shoulders but i just physically and mentally can t work or do anything 70 of the day. please, if anybody has any advice on what i can do to get the voices out of my head without admitting myself i would be forever grateful.
tell me your success stories quick bio my dad was diagnosed with ms when i was 23, shortly after having my first baby. it rocked my world. i saw the strongest man in my life quickly deteriorating and it hit me that illnesses happen to young people. this kicked off health anxiety for me and i ve been struggling ever since. i ve been convinced that i ve had ms, parkinson s, neuro diseases. lots of various cancers. i m a compulsive checker if i feel a lump or bump. i check it constantly. i ve had panic attacks that last for days. most of these symptoms have always gone away with starting and restarting ssri s. basically, my anxiety has given me symptoms that mimic diseases. my mind is obviously not healthy, as if i even hear the word cancer, i can feel the anxiety build. if people i know are going through something health related, or even if i see a young person going through cancer treatment, it triggers it. it s even branching to my kids. every headache or complaint, i start panicking about something worse than a headache or virus. i can t sleep, i obsess and they re starting to notice my compulsions and worries. it s entirely illogical and overall just really bad for my health. i don t want to live like this. i hate being on ssri s. i have sexual side effects and i don t feel like myself. i think they help, but even on them i m susceptible to panic over things. i ve tried meditating, medications, yoga, exercise. i ve overhauled my diet. i lift weights and cardio 3x a week. i use cbd oil. my question is this a life long thing? has anyone overcome this and lived more normally? has therapy helped you? and if so, how? i just don t see how talking about it will help. how have you overcome this? i m so tired.
chiropractic adjustment on neck now scared of cervical artery dissection this will sound ridiculous and it is embarassing to even type but that is what we are all here for to get these issues out in the open and find people who can support us right so here it goes. i am a 27 y.o male and have been seeing my chiro for years because i would get headaches. he uses the drop table method and i have had my neck adjusted 100s of times before. last week i went to my doctor for an unrelated visit and mentioned i was seeing a chiropractor. he responded right away dont let him touch your neck he told me that an older patient of his had had a stroke days after a neck adjustment because of a torn artery. now i will mention that the chiropractor this patient had seen was using a different type of manipulation on the neck as opposed to the thompson drop table method. at my chiropractic appointment yesterday he did what he normally does and worked kn my back and neck. this time my neck was sore all night and i have not been able to sleep or focus on work or my kids because all i can think about is what if he tore something, what if i am going to have a stroke???? seems silly right? anyone who has health anxiety knows that these ludicrous thoughts seep into our mind and pollute our rationality and thinking. i have all but convinced myself i am going to have a stroke and die and leave my kids behind fatherless no matter how crazy i know it sounds. my neck hurts as of writing this but very mild discomfort perhaps a 2 out of 10. i would assume if you tore an artery you would feel it? anyways i would love some responses maybe just to reassure me or if anybody has some insight on an issue like this they could share. cheers
bout of bad anxiety should i consider therapy. over the last 2 weeks my 30m anxiety had gotten worse to the point of finding it difficult to sleep, no appetite, tight chest, can't focus on work and upset stomach. my doctor proscribed me some very low dose xanax for 10 days and also some other anxiety meds that take around 2 weeks to start working. i'm hesitant to take any of it though, i don't want to feel dependent on meds and then when i stop taking them, the anxiety comes back. my long term girlfriend and i broke up earlier in 2022, but we would sometimes keep in touch and see each occasionally. we went to college together, but didnt date in college, so alot of her friends are my friends also. she moved 6 hrs away for a job before we broke up and that was part of why we broke up, along with other things. it was easy being with her from the friends aspect but deep down inside there were some things that really bothered me about our relationship. we always tried to make it work but it just didn't. she ended things with me, but we are on good terms. she recently told me that she is seeing someone, and ever since then it has bothered the hell out of me and have had all this anxiety since. its making me think did i make the right decision in pretty much agreeing to break up, to the point we spoke on the phone and she said, sorry but it's over between us. i have gotten anxiety bouts before but its always about job deadlines or things that once over the anxiety goes away. this is different, i know my relationship with her in a romantic way is over, and the severity of this anxiety is much worse than anything i have felt. before. should i consider going to therapy or will just pass in due time? thought...
have completely convinced myself i have lung cancer here are the facts i m 27f, very fit, never smoked, had the radon tested in my house last fall, it wasn t optimal but was well within safe range, never been exposed to asbestos that i know of, no family history of cancer. about a month ago i started having upper respiratory symptoms, first shortness of breath and chest tightness that led to a cough. then i started having heart palpitations so i went to my pcp. she did an ekg which was normal and listened to my lungs and said they sounded clear. my cough cleared up after a couple days and i started getting back to normal but my anxiety was still nagging at me. about a week after my doctor s visit, i woke up from a nap totally unable to breathe and my blood pressure was very high so i went to the urgent care. they ran the full gambit of tests on me which all came back fine ekg, blood work, chest x ray, all normal . the doc said my lungs sounded clear. figured it was a panic attack. i felt okay for a day or two but my heart palpitations persisted and i still felt short of breath. i emailed my doctor and she ordered a bunch more blood tests which have all come back normal except for my blood calcium which was .2 above range. this is freaking me out because i read that high blood calcium can be caused by cancer. i m doing a 24 hour urine test on monday and then will have another appointment to talk about the results. i want to ask my doc for a chest ct but i feel so stupid asking for something like that just because i ve been feeling vaguely out of breath. i need someone to look at my situation logically and tell me i m being ridiculous. this anxiety spiral has totally ruined my life for the past month.
have completely convinced myself i have lung cancer here are the facts i m 27f, very fit, never smoked, had the radon tested in my house last fall, it wasn t optimal but was well within safe range, never been exposed to asbestos that i know of, no family history of cancer. about a month ago i started having upper respiratory symptoms, first shortness of breath and chest tightness that led to a cough. then i started having heart palpitations so i went to my pcp. she did an ekg which was normal and listened to my lungs and said they sounded clear. my cough cleared up after a couple days and i started getting back to normal but my anxiety was still nagging at me. about a week after my doctor s visit, i woke up from a nap totally unable to breathe and my blood pressure was very high so i went to the urgent care. they ran the full gambit of tests on me which all came back fine ekg, blood work, chest x ray, all normal. the doc said my lungs sounded clear. figured it was a panic attack. i felt okay for a day or two but my heart palpitations persisted and i still felt short of breath. i emailed my doctor and she ordered a bunch more blood tests which have all come back normal except for my blood calcium which was .2 above range. this is freaking me out because i read that high blood calcium can be caused by cancer. i m doing a 24 hour urine test on monday and then will have another appointment to talk about the results. i want to ask my doc for a chest ct but i feel so stupid asking for something like that just because i ve been feeling vaguely out of breath. i need someone to look at my situation logically and tell me i m being ridiculous. this anxiety spiral has totally ruined my life for the past month.
weird heartbeat anxiety symptom ? hi guys, i am looking for someone that would have had the same thing than i. i have been recently diagnosed with spasmophilia severe anxiety it all begin a month ago when i suddenly had a panic attack right before bed, and i am pretty sure it was heart related i have been scared for a while to have any heart disease and i am obviously completely freaked out about sudden death heart attack and stuff . i have been quite deep into anxiety, i could not walk without freaking out and my heart rate was going crazy ! i has dizziness, headaches, palpitations, nausea, tiredness, chest pain, blurry vision, heavy stomach feeling, pressure in my throat and neck, an oppressing feeling in my throat like i was suffocating, hot flash and short breath. doctors said we found nothing, you are fine. yeah but nothing stopped ... how can they tell me i have nothing when i feel so bad ? anyway, back to other doctor you have spasmophilia known as severe anxiety stress. what happened ? i have no idea ... my cardiologist gave me propanolol after running exams that all came back good ! i feel better yes, i can go to work, talk, walk. nevertheless i still feel oppressed, i have shortbreath, crazy stomach pain i think it is acid reflux but not sure , it feels like i am swallowing too much air, and i have those weird heart palpitations where all of a sudden it misses a beat and then burst in a new beat, it nearly cut my breath ! but again cardiologist said i had nothing after an echograpghy and a 24h ecg . it needs to stop. everytime i think i am getting better, something else appears and makes me feel down again. sorry for the long post guys, but ill take any advise you ll have for me ! thanks
those of you that beat cardiophobia, i could use your help... hello, little bit of background. my younger brother has a weird heart issue. he needed a pacemaker icd at 21. nobody else in my family has it, i've looked into it. i spent a whole summer getting second and third opinions from specialists in the field. i had 24 hr holter over the summer, excercise test and several ekgs. this kicked off my intense fear. during the late fall, i started developing weird dizziness. i went to the er twice, back to the cardiologist, everyone deemed it panic. i want to believe them. i'm trying. the worst thing i've been doing is regularly checking my pulse, and it's always changing. the doctors don't seem to worried though. when i'm relaxed, or even just sitting and anxious, it can be 60. sometimes it's 107. the more i focus on it, the more it fluctuates. i tried deleting the samsung health app with the pulse ox but the curiosity always gets the better of me. i felt tired and panicky at work, i had a little coffee, and was surprised that my pulse was 66. usually it's high when i'm stressed and have caffeine. i made a doctor's appointment and by the time i got there my pulse was 100. i showed him on the app that in the 5 minutes waiting for him to come in after the nurse took my vitals, my pulse was all over the place. 65, 84, 100, 76... he said that was normal . i just want to be free of this. i want to stop checking and freaking out. if it's high i get scared, if it's low i get scared. the holter monitor averaged my hr at 66. when i'm take it, it seems more like the 70s. i'm seeing a therapist, but the hardest part for me it's believing i'm ok and stopping the hypervigilance and checking my pulse all the time.
those of you that beat cardiophobia, i could use your help... hello, little bit of background. my younger brother has a weird heart issue. he needed a pacemaker icd at 21. nobody else in my family has it, i've looked into it. i spent a whole summer getting second and third opinions from specialists in the field. i had 24 hr holter over the summer, excercise test and several ekgs. this kicked off my intense fear. during the late fall, i started developing weird dizziness. i went to the er twice, back to the cardiologist, everyone deemed it panic. i want to believe them. i'm trying. the worst thing i've been doing is regularly checking my pulse, and it's always changing. the doctors don't seem to worried though. when i'm relaxed, or even just sitting and anxious, it can be 60. sometimes it's 107. the more i focus on it, the more it fluctuates. i tried deleting the samsung health app with the pulse ox but the curiosity always gets the better of me. i felt tired and panicky at work, i had a little coffee, and was surprised that my pulse was 66. usually it's high when i'm stressed and have caffeine. i made a doctor's appointment and by the time i got there my pulse was 100. i showed him on the app that in the 5 minutes waiting for him to come in after the nurse took my vitals, my pulse was all over the place. 65, 84, 100, 76... he said that was normal. i just want to be free of this. i want to stop checking and freaking out. if it's high i get scared, if it's low i get scared. the holter monitor averaged my hr at 66. when i'm take it, it seems more like the 70s. i'm seeing a therapist, but the hardest part for me it's believing i'm ok and stopping the hypervigilance and checking my pulse all the time.
19f low heart rate so i have a lot of anxiety about my heart rate. it has always been about it being too high, i'm always freaking out over high heart rate. never once did it occur to me that it could be too low, because that was never a problem for me. a few weeks ago i was sitting down listening to music with friends. i looked at my fitbit which i constantly check for accuracy and it is usually a max of 3 beats off and my heart rate was 54. i got up and i felt super heavy and drained and had zero energy, but i forced myself to walk around and stand up for a while to increase my heart rate. i am diagnosed with postural orthostatic tachycardia disorder. usually when i stand up my heart rate shoots up a fair bit. but i was walking around and standing up and it only went to 56. so i forced myself to skip around. i barely could, i felt super heavy and all i wanted to do was submit to gravity and collapse. that made my heart rate go to 57. it took about half an hour to get to an okay place at 72 bpm sitting down. then last night, i laid down in bed and my bpm immediately sunk down to 52. i was up for three hours laying in bed bc i couldn't fall asleep over anxiety over my heart rate. i checked it on my fitbit and manually constantly and it was often hovering between 47 and 50. laying in bed typing this now after having stood up for a while it's 59. i am a 19 year old girl, 120 lbs. during the summer i'm moderately active but during the winter i am pretty darn sedentary. i booked an appt with my cardiologist, but that's for a few days yet. every time i started to fall asleep last night my mind jerked me back, convinced i was either passing out or dying. it's gonna be a anxious and sleepless few days.
hello, i could use advice...i am suffering from rather severe health anxiety. at least i think i am? hello, i just want to say i'm really sorry if i break any of the rules! i am a bit confused as to what is allowed i don't know if there is a point to this, i am just...confused and scared. i am 15, and for the past years i have experienced extreme fatigue, to the point where i sleep 15 hours a day when i can. but how do i know if this is real? i could just have a bad lifestyle. i try my best to stay healthy and do everything the doctor says, but it doesn't go away. i also believe i could be faking it? i experience a lot of weakness and like...memory problems. i also get chronic pain in my thigh which is really painful. but the thing is...there is nothing that could cause this? i don't think there is. it is incredibly random am i making this up to seem like something is wrong? i have previously been diagnosed with depression and gad, but i got those treated. but i am still worrying about this? i am on medications that have helped, so why am i still anxious over my health? they worked for everything else i think it is something in my mind because i keep getting dreams that make me feel no one can be trusted, or that i will be yelled at or do something wrong. how do i even know if i'm suffering from health anxiety? what if i am just exaggerating everything? maybe i am just a person who is afraid to grow up, or that i am immature... i am really sorry if this broke any rules, or didn't make sense. i guess it was just an outlet! i have been scared for a while now. thank you for reading, if you have any advice on something i could maybe do to help calm my nerves, i would appreciate it very much
coping methods you use? venting i was finally approved and am able to afford health care and i scheduled an appointment for the gp and the dentist because of a small bump i have sort of under in front of my ear by my lower jaw on the right side. but i am sort of terrified, and am obviously fearing the worst, i just wanted to know what coping methods you have. bleh. i'm sorry i need to vent a little too. i've always had one tonsil larger than the other on the right side too, and i like freaked out about it when i was 15 or 16, but it never grew or anything. i've had jaw pain on and off for a few years i think mostly when my wisdom teeth started growing in. i also get earaches, tinnitus, and jaw popping again mostly on my right side . i know this sounds like tmj, but now i found this bump and i am just terrified the bump has been something more sinister, and i could never afford to do anything about it, and i am just ashamed of myself. also like i need to get work done on my teeth, and i am just a mess. i am happy i got insurance finally so i can see a doctor and maybe a therapist tbh. bleh. i'm sorry if this is triggering for you guys, i am in such a bad place mentally at the moment, and i feel incredibly alone. it's gotten to the point where i kind of wonder why i am here sometimes. like trying to be positive is so difficult. i try but it never sticks, and i don't know how i got here. i am so sorry if this is triggering at all to anyone. if anyone has any coping skills, or ways to distract yourself that would be incredibly helpful. i'm already doing the don't google your symptoms while i wait for my dr. appointment which is on the feb. 1 . so anything you got, let me know. amp x200b
hantavirus freaking out vacuumed large amount of what looked like mouse droppings from engine bay of car. i m seriously worried right now. here s my info. male 21 yrs old 165 lbs 5 11 no previous health issues and no medications i purchased an older vehicle from alabama i live in northern illinois on march 3rd, 2018. it was shipped that day and arrived march 6th, 2018. on march 25th, 2018 i opened up the engine cover it is a van and discovered a large amount of broken nuts or acorns and what looked like mouse droppings small, round pellets about the size of rice on top of the engine, along with a few chewed wires. i m assuming that at some point this van sat for a period of time not sure if recently before purchase, but i assume not, as there are was no sign of a current infestation to the previous owner prior to purchase . anyway, fast forward to me cleaning it out a few days ago with a regular household vacuum. i don t believe i used a respirator mask for all of the time, but if i did it was a 3 one that is made for basic things like sanding, not for chemicals or pathogens. i vacuumed it up for quite awhile, probably about an hr. my question is, am i at risk for hantavirus? it seems that the virus wouldn t survive after excretion for very long, and assuming that the mice were active until the very day that the van was picked up in alabama unlikely , there still would ve been about 2.5 weeks between then and when i first opened up the engine compartment, and another week or so until i vacuumed it up. any knowledge or experience with this? lifespan of hantavirus after excretion? i m killing my self over this and my anxiety is giving me a bunch of symptoms . thank you in advance!
does anyone get health anxiety about a loved one or pet? i can t live like this. i have everything i ve ever wanted and all i am is constantly scared to lose it. my mom got breast cancer this year. it was caught early and is hopefully treatable. but it s sent my already anxious mind into a tailspin!!!! i can t stop reading sad stories and looking over at the love of my life, laying in bed next to me, and imagining him withering away of cancer. i freak out if he has a headache or myself . ask him to check his testicles all the time. i m trying so hard to live in the moment because i m so scared of the mortality of life but it s causing me to panic about living in the moment. does this make sense to anyone? like i feel this urgent need to get married, book plan tickets, just anything to start ticking off the things i want to do in case something bad is about to happen. i find myself in these deep dark holes. my beloved rescue cat, she s only 4, i found a black lump on her chin. immediately googled and found cat skin cancer. couldn t sleep. was in a full on panic, cried, lamented the unfairness of losing a young pet. turns out it was cat acne. lol wtf. seriously. oh and i have this tiny black dot under my toenail, my doctor brushed it off but referred me to a dermatologist for unrelated reasons and said they would look at it. well, i m convinced it s subaungal melanoma. it s sunny out so i walked around the house barefoot today. the black dot just looked at me. i googled. melanoma can spread as quickly as 6 weeks. well too bad my derm. appt isnt for 8 weeks. that s just great. okay, rant over. i m so tired of living with constant anxiety that some kind of ball is about to drop.
i had a mini win ! hello everyone i hope you re okay. i was just playing fifa and boom a big palpitation hit i started to panic felt lightheaded because i was holding my breath because i was so tense and then calmed down. i have had my heart checked 7 times 2 of which are private best testing ones and it s perfect so i know it s not going to harm me but still catches me off guard i think it s more of the fact i was leaning forward that it felt harder and the fact i was breathing in lol. anyway ! i was laying in bed thinking i need to just once and for all get over all of the symptoms that are making me scared of being i ll and dying. how can i do that ???? get over my fear of dying now i m not saying i m perfectly fine with death because i am not but i just thought to myself i can t stop death and i just need to accept it. if there isn t a god i won t know about dying after if there is a god i could go to heaven which is great and who knows i could reincarnate and live life again. we don t know so it s the anxiety of not knowing which scares me and leaving my family behind. like i say i m a healthy 22 year old male with no health conditions death can happen at anytime and could happen the next minute but for my age and health it is unlikely but never zero. now i m religious and i am sort of anxious in my mind that god is trying to get me to accept death so i can die soon lol but i don t wanna die soon that s why i m scared off. that s just my anxious mind thinking right ? i guess the positive way of looking at it is that god is getting me to get over my fear of death so i can live the long happy healthy life that he put out for me. can anyone help me accept death even more ?
fear of brain damage my health anxiety has completely debilitated me for the past four months due to worry that i damaged my brain from drinking for years. i constantly test my memory and feel it is declining rapidly. i have trouble picturing things from seconds ago in my mind, all my memories no matter how distant or recent feel insanely foggy, time is flying by as i feel i m not forming new memories, and i often can t remember if i did something today or the day before even if it was just a few hours ago. scarier symptoms involve me feeling confused and unfamiliar with my own family, house, dog, etc. and feeling like i have to remind myself where i am or where i m going. i have brief moments of confusion where i have to piece everything together and constant memories that have nothing to do with what i m doing which lead me to a fear of seizures that i ended up being tested for that have happened for he past few years when i was super anxious. i have had an mri, ct, pet, 3 day eeg, and neuropsych testing and everything came back good but i can t believe my symptoms are just anxiety and derealization since it feels it s progressively getting worse over the past few months which i barely have any memories of . i honestly feel i have severe short term memory loss and have posited thy maybe i was having seizures and brain damage from alcohol but the neurologist, psychiatrist, gp, neuropsych and therapists all don t think so. i have in the past believed i had hiv, liver failure, mouth cancer, throat cancer, and other ailments and of course they all ended up being false but this one feels so much more real. has anyone else ever had extreme memory issues just because of anxiety?
anxiety and heart problems hi everyone, i was posting to see if anyone else suffered from anxiety and has heart issues going on as well. i have severe anxiety and i m definitely a hypochondriac so i started taking zoloft 3 months ago to help. however, for 2 years i have dealt with heart problems. my heart rate gets super high to the 170s at rest, i get dizzy, chest pain, and i have a low ish blood pressure on top of that. i also noticed a couple months ago this feeling i get where i feel like my heart skips a beat and my breath gets taken away which i discovered was me having pvcs. i have done numerous ekgs which have been abnormal but my one cardiologist told me i m a 26 year old otherwise healthy person so it s fine. i did an echo and stress test 2 days ago so i m awaiting those results. one of my previous cardiologists told me he believes this all stems from stress and anxiety and once i manage that it will go away, which i agree with to an extent. i had another cardiologist tell me that even if i m stressed out having a heart rate sustain in the 170s is abnormal. i am also a nurse so i can t tell if me having an understanding of medical stuff makes it more difficult for me to handle because i m constantly thinking worst case scenario. i have this overwhelming fear that i m going to be one of those people in their 20s that has a heart attack or other complication. i ve seen people post on here previously saying their heart rate goes super high when they re anxious but i wasn t sure if anyone had similar experiences as me or knows anything about this. i m sure i am overthinking this but i also don t like the fact that i constantly have chest pain and a high heart rate.
i got innocently bit by a feral kitten trapped in my house, now i'm dying of course. two feral kittens were eating food my family put out for them and our cat scared them, so they ran inside the house. in the process of trying to literally herd cats, one of them bit my knuckle while i tried fishing him out of the corner. i washed it with alcohol and soap for 10 minutes. after doing some googling !!! i went to the er two days later. i must have rabies! after explaining the situation, the nurses and doctor were very reassuring that i probably didn't need a rabies vaccine. they said it was ultimately up to me, but she said in my professional opinion, i wouldn't get it. as it was expensive and insurance might not cover it. so i got a tetanus shot and antibiotics instead. tetanus shot made me feel like trash and now i've had a the subtlest, mildest of headaches for three days. it's so light i'm not even certain i have one half the time. i'm hyper aware of every muscle twitch i have. when my hands get cold i panic thinking they're going numb. i check to make sure i can still swallow. any day now the headache will get intense and i'll wake up to my hand being completely numb. then i'll go back to the er and they'll tell me there's nothing they can do because i'm dead meat. it happened on the 9th and all of the feral cats appear fine still. mom and dad cat and three kittens. none rabid or dying. but i'm still dying. and constantly on alert about my body. does my head hurt or am i making it hurt by thinking about it so damn much? to make it worse, i got taken off my ativan ages ago because i switched doctors and the new one refuses to prescribe anything remotely addictive. fml
i don't wanna jump to conclusions, but i'm a little worried about diabetes just recently i have started to have trouble sleeping. my schedule, and everything has been a little messed up. i sleep for like 3 hours wake up, and can't go back to bed for a couple of hours while i feel decently thirsty, and hungry. eventually i fall back asleep for another couple or hours, and wake up, not able to sleep until the next time. so after i have finnaly accumulated a normal amount of sleep i will eventually get up, but i don't really feel that great, but i don't necessarily feel that bad. for the past two three days it seems to have been weird. the first day it was the same cycle except i woke feeling pretty aweful. headache, not well rested, and tired. the second day i didn't really get a full 7 8 of rest, so for most of the day i felt like i was on the verge of falling asleep if i had any downtime of not doing really anything. that night i decided i would get a full night's rest in one full go as usual. i fell asleep pretty easy, but i woke up like 4 hours later having to pee pretty bad, and feeling thirsty. i was able to immediately go back to bed though. i awoke 3 more hours later, feeling as if i have to pee again, not as bad this time, but my thirst was pretty intense. i chugged some water, went to the bathroom, and gone back to bed. so i'm kind of afraid that this could be diabetes or something. i'm not overweight, but i'm definitely not active. my eating habits aren't too great either. i eat good foods, but most definitely eat a lot of bad foods. tl dr i'm not sleep well. waking up in the middle of the night feeling thirsty, and having to pee. thirst exclusive to night.
i don't wanna jump to conclusions, but i'm a little worried about diabetes just recently i have started to have trouble sleeping. my schedule, and everything has been a little messed up. i sleep for like 3 hours wake up, and can't go back to bed for a couple of hours while i feel decently thirsty, and hungry. eventually i fall back asleep for another couple or hours, and wake up, not able to sleep until the next time. so after i have finnaly accumulated a normal amount of sleep i will eventually get up, but i don't really feel that great, but i don't necessarily feel that bad. for the past two three days it seems to have been weird. the first day it was the same cycle except i woke feeling pretty aweful. headache, not well rested, and tired. the second day i didn't really get a full 7 8 of rest, so for most of the day i felt like i was on the verge of falling asleep if i had any downtime of not doing really anything. that night i decided i would get a full night's rest in one full go as usual. i fell asleep pretty easy, but i woke up like 4 hours later having to pee pretty bad, and feeling thirsty. i was able to immediately go back to bed though. i awoke 3 more hours later, feeling as if i have to pee again, not as bad this time, but my thirst was pretty intense. i chugged some water, went to the bathroom, and gone back to bed. so i'm kind of afraid that this could be diabetes or something. i'm not overweight, but i'm definitely not active. my eating habits aren't too great either. i eat good foods, but most definitely eat a lot of bad foods. tl dr i'm not sleep well. waking up in the middle of the night feeling thirsty, and having to pee. thirst exclusive to night.
not sure if i'm having health anxiety or if there's something seriously wrong with me and doctors won't listen i've been growing more and more anxious and i stumbled across this subreddit through related searches. basically, i keep getting the sense that i'm not well, off if you will, or that there's something worse wrong with me than all of the doctors i've seen are making it out to be. and just to be clear, i haven't gone to the doctor about random things that turn out to be nothing it's always for strep like symptoms, colds, or throat infections. i've had three in the past two or three months doctors just say maybe you need your tonsils out or might be a carrier for strep , but at the same time i've lost around 10 pounds... i thought this was over the course of the summer but looking at my last medical visits i've gone from 135 feb 2018 , to 130 oct 2018 , which is normal weight fluctuation for me, but then from 130 to 125 nov 2018 and then my most recent visit jan 2019 for my third throat infection my weight was 121 pounds. i'm a 5'4 woman and i keep telling the doctors about my concerns different doctors too but none of them seem really concerned. is this normal?? they suggested maybe i was eating better, which might be true, but i really haven't consciously changed my eating habits and idk if i'm eating more or less than usual because i've never thought about it that hard... can anyone help me?? should i chill out?? should i see another doctor, and what would i say to get them to take me seriously? this is causing me a lot of stress and i feel okayish but i'm uncomfortable with the amount of weight loss i'm experiencing and it only seems to be getting worse.
distrust of doctors and diagnoses how to overcome? i've had quite severe health anxiety for a few years. it's hopped from one malady to another, and medical counsel tests do not assuage it as i'm always convinced they've missed something. most recently it's cancer at first lymphoma, now cancer in general. i've visited specialists, gps, had chest xrays and bloodwork, and finally a full ct scan with contrast. despite the all clear in each instance, i spend a debilitating amount of energy on the anxiety they've missed something. each diagnostic procedure seems to buy me a few weeks of calm before the terror and doubt returns. i do not have systemic symptoms of cancer and am in apparent good health save mild diagnosed gerd but compulsive google'ing assures me many healthy people in their early 30s are diagnosed with terminal cancer out of the blue, after numerous misdiagnoses etc. that gerd must be stomach cancer, the lymph node that swelled after a dental infection must be lymphoma, the doctors are brushing me off, the medical system in korea is inadequate, the medical system in australia is inadequate i've carried this pattern through the doctor's offices of three nations! i recognize the compulsive and anxious biases i'm operating on here, but i don't know how to change them. for those who have endured something similar how do you learn to trust the doctors' all clear ? how do you trust that you would probably show some obvious symptoms in case of serious illness, and those symptoms would be correctly interpreted? i'm feeling exhausted and hopeless from the unending cycle of costly medical tests which produce little effect on my anxiety. your advice is appreciated.
panic, pain and tingling in limbs is my birth control driving me crazy? hi there everybody! it's my first time posting here but my anxiety is skyrocketing recently, so here's a quick summary of my problem i feel constantly stressed and pressured due to mental health reasons. last year, during a very stressful stretch at work, i passed out the first time and i've had dizzy spells ever since. had blood work and an examination with a heart rate monitor made, nothing major except for a slightly lower blood pressure. thought i was going to die the entire time, of course, but it got better then aside from me growing obsessed with my health. fast forward to today. after stressing for a whole month that i might've gotten myself pregnant i finally started birth control on the 16th, thinking i might finally chill, but nope! now i'm convinced i'm developing a thrombosis or something worse. i had a panic attack last week that my so had to talk me through, thinking i was having a lung ebolism, and now suddenly my right foot, wrist, upper arm and leg hurt, i get tingles in my right little and ringfinger, and occasionally there's this burning sensation around my knee and elbow that just... make no sense whatsoever? travels to my left side sometimes, too, and my hands are often cold. can someone please tell me that i'm okay? i've been to my doctor so many times this month because of different things and i'm so embarrassed to turn up there so often for little to no diagnosis. i should know my symptoms are too much over the place to be anything serious, but i just want to go through a single day again without me obsessing over every little pin amp needle that i'm feeling.
i m experiencing calf pain after a loonnnggg bus ride. dvt? hi everyone, first of all, i m a 27yo female who is pretty active and in general good health. i am taking oral contraceptives so i am at a higher risk of clots. i ve been taking the same birth control pill for 10 years without any trouble. i recently went on a trip and was on a bus for 15 hours straight. i did walk around or stand up every few hours or so. i also had the seat next to me for myself so i was able to extend raise my legs and stretch out. i was very hydrated during that trip. once i got to my destination, everything was okay. i had to get back on the bus to go home, which was only going to be 5 hours the first one took so long due to weather traffic . i walked around about half way through my return trip, but i did notice my lower legs started to hurt towards the end of my trip. also, i admit, i definitely wasn t drinking as much water as i probably should ve. it s been 24 hours now and i m experiencing mild pain in my lower left leg. my calf just seems crampy. it hurts a little when i flex my toes up to the sky that also hurts on the other leg as well . i do feel slight muscle spasms in my other leg but no pain. i have no noticeable swelling or warmth on my legs. the crampy feeling sort of extends to my thigh as well, but i do have sciatica so i m not sure if that s what i m feeling. i can walk totally fine and have no pain when doing so. i mostly feel this pain when i am sitting or laying down. i d love some advice on whether or not i should go to the er to be safe or if it s just likely my muscles are dehydrated and sore from being stuck in a relatively small area for a while.
irrational fear of rabies so i know that my fear is irrational but i can t stop thinking about it! at the beginning of january i mean very beginning like 4th i was at a store where the owner had two cats. the cat that bit was very friendly at first, was rubbing against my mom and i. my mom had playfully ruffled its head and it had swatted at her, i then went to pet it and it bit me! looking back it the incident i know the cat was most likely just annoyed hence why it bit me. at the end of january i mistakenly decided to consult dr google about rabies. this seemed to set something off in my brain, that night i couldn t sleep. i was terrified that i was going to die of rabies. i went to the doctors and received a tetanus shot and was told to call the owner. my mom called for me and the owner told her that since the cats are in a public place they have to be up to date on their shots. while this was reassuring at first, a day later i kept having what if thoughts. such as what if the lady was lying about about the cat being vaccinated either way it s now march and i m experiencing what i think is anxiety. every time i think about my health, my chest tightens up and it feels like i can t breath. i m having awful muscle twitches in my legs, arms, and eyelids. i m also having what i think is pains in my left arm not the arm i was bit by the cat . and the newest thing is i m getting horrible nausea to the point where i feel close to throwing up and i haven t thrown up in years . even now i can t help but wonder what if i m just having a long term incubation period i guess i m here looking for some reassurance that i m not going crazy or dying slowly of rabies
absolutely terrified of having autism. does anyone have fears of mental illness developmental delay? this would honestly be funny if it didn t scare me so badly. i don t really even know why it scares me this much, and i feel bad because autism isn t strictly a negative. it s just a different wiring of the brain that emphasizes different skills. it s dumb, but i can t help it. last night i had a nightmare that i was actually autistic and that no one had ever told me so that i could live a more normal life. the whole thing shattered my perspective of myself in a way that was profoundly uncomfortable and was kind of from a third person view although i felt everything very intensely. i looked quite different, but the thing that freaks me out is that what if i actually do look like that and just have a very limited outside perspective of myself. i also saw a bunch of ways that maybe certain interactions i thought were normal may only have felt alright because i m actually autistic. this all would just be a weird one off dream if i hadn t been terrified of being autistic for a long period last summer. i would spend every break possible at my summer internship taking diagnostic tests to prove to myself that i don t have it. i was an anxious mess. since then, i ve had a number of fears about having different mental illnesses everything from schizophrenia to npd to bipolar and don t know quite what to do about it. i think i have ocd, but i haven t been able to go to therapy. has anyone else had hypochondria about these specific themes? what strategies help you? edit i also know that i don t have any of the symptoms, but i can t help be afraid any way.
absolutely terrified of having autism. does anyone have fears of mental illness developmental delay? this would honestly be funny if it didn t scare me so badly. i don t really even know why it scares me this much, and i feel bad because autism isn t strictly a negative. it s just a different wiring of the brain that emphasizes different skills. it s dumb, but i can t help it. last night i had a nightmare that i was actually autistic and that no one had ever told me so that i could live a more normal life. the whole thing shattered my perspective of myself in a way that was profoundly uncomfortable and was kind of from a third person view although i felt everything very intensely. i looked quite different, but the thing that freaks me out is that what if i actually do look like that and just have a very limited outside perspective of myself. i also saw a bunch of ways that maybe certain interactions i thought were normal may only have felt alright because i m actually autistic. this all would just be a weird one off dream if i hadn t been terrified of being autistic for a long period last summer. i would spend every break possible at my summer internship taking diagnostic tests to prove to myself that i don t have it. i was an anxious mess. since then, i ve had a number of fears about having different mental illnesses everything from schizophrenia to npd to bipolar and don t know quite what to do about it. i think i have ocd, but i haven t been able to go to therapy. has anyone else had hypochondria about these specific themes? what strategies help you? edit i also know that i don t have any of the symptoms, but i can t help be afraid any way.
anxiety about my appearance separates my life in two sides hello! today, i 18m fully realized that i cannot function properly as a human being, unless i'm directly seeking acceptance in others. this translates to me not showering, not brushing my teeth, not shaving, not even washing my hands when no one is going to see that i am clean and normal . i recently started college, i've been making friends and generally having a great time, this, if u look at it from the outside. inside my head, i just cannot get the sense out of my mind that someone is going to think less of me and criticize me physically, because of my clothes, my face, my hair, because i have a gray shadow even after just 30 minutes of shaving, because somehow i smell bad, etc. i have crippling anxiety just thinking about someone criticizing my looks in their heads and don't let me start with my personality , basically all this converts into me having a sort of double life . when i need to go outside, i do all the work i can possibly do to try and look nice, smell good and be a nice person. but the moment i'm in my home, my mind unconsciously switches to a gross side, i don't take care of myself in any way type or form, suddenly i am mean, lazy, antisocial and want to die once again. the cycle repeats day after day, i've been trying to make myself go to the gym and eat better for months now, but my body just doesn't respond, every fiber of my mind tells me that i can't do anything right, i will always be kinda ugly, kinda fat, and kinda gross, so why bother trying? maybe nothing of this makes any sense, sorry, english is not my first language and i'm just trying to cope somehow
looking for some advice i just know how ridiculous this is going to sound and i would like to apologize in advance for that. amp x200b ever since rachel star withers' face was eaten away by flesh eating bacteria, i have been living under the constant fear that i might end up with the same fate as hers. i know how rare necrotizing fasciitis is 0.0004 but i just can't seem to get my mind off it. i have, because of this, become a germaphobe and was compelled to wash my hands with soap after picking up anything from a surface that i consider just a bit unclean. as a result, my overly dry hands are now cracking and it's creating small, tiny wounds on my skin, which only made the situation worse cause necrotizing fasciitis usually occurs with certain types of bacteria entering wounds on one's skin. i understand that the best thing to do right now is to stay away from this irrational hand washing habit of mine but i simply can't do it. to make things worse, i always feel like i have touched something dirty when in reality, i haven't. for instance, when i walk pass a trash can a bit too close, i feel really uncomfortable and go straight to the bathroom to wash my hands. i only came close to touching it, but my mind is telling me that i have, indeed, already touched it. amp x200b i have been going through hypochondria for quite some time but now i really feel like i'm going crazy. has anybody ever experienced this? can some of you please give me some advice on this. from how to deal with the flesh eating bacteria craze to how to stop being a germaphobe. it can be anything. i just want all this to stop. amp x200b is there anything that i can do
my generic eye pain is totally an eye eating parasite, right? woke up this morning around 4am to my eye burning like hell, my eye was pouring tears and super sensitive to light, my vision was blurred, and my eyelids felt like they were coated in glass. i got pissed, thinking i maybe had pink eye. waited until 8am to go in to the doctor. by the time i did this, all that was left was a vague shred of soreness and light sensitivity no more redness or crying. doctor couldn't figure out what was wrong. cue my anxiety. she put me on antibiotic eye drops, and told me to go to an ophthalmologist if it gets worse. fast forward to this evening. the burning is back. not as bad as before, but it's dull and present. and now, i'm freaking out. hyperventilating, sobbing, posting to reddit. sounds dumb, i know. but i'm fucking terrified. my vision is everything to me and eye problems freak me out more than anything in the entire world. i keep thinking back to some stupid show i saw where someone contracted acanthamoeba and i'm running through the symptoms non stop. this guy got it by wearing contacts in the shower? shit! i did that three times last week! his eye felt like a foreign object was in it! oh fuck! me too! i know that the symptoms for just about every eye problem include red, itchy, burning but i'm so fixated on this worst case scenario i'm making myself sick. i'll take a thousand nightmares of pregnancy scares and infections that'll kill me over this one. it honestly feels like my life is ending, ha. anyway, i'm not claiming that i have this but i've mentally convinced myself that i do. anyone able to talk some sense into me?
weird sensations in head headaches 28 m white 320lbs blood pressure good 118 81 currently dieting and losing weight steadily, uncontrolled anxiety depression caused lots of weight gain currently taking zoloft 75mg and metaprolol 12mg half a tablet twice a day as well as magnesium supplements and vitamin b12 supplements. been suffering with weird sensations in my head since december 11th. started off getting very mild headaches with pressure in my right temple. went to urgent care, they ordered a ct scan without contrast which all came back normal. i do suffer from high anxiety and depression which is why i take zoloft. the headaches have always been mild and the pressure has never really been severe it just kinda scares me. doctor put me on metaprolol because he thinks it may be migraines as i also get some auras black dots and what not . the pain also seems to get worse when i lay on my right side, that's when the pressure is at its highest. my doctor honestly doesn't seem too worried about it and thinks it's migraines but i don't see why migraines would give me the head pressure. i think it's getting better but it is definitely still there. a couple things, i have very outdated glasses and really need a new prescription, i also notice lately that i think i'm a pretty bad jaw clincher without realizing it. i might be forgetting some details, but one other strange thing is i feel like it was less painful and obvious if i wore a hat, but then i wasn't sure if it was caused from hearing a hat beanie so i stopped wearing that. sorry if this is confusing, hopefully someone else has experienced this and may be able to help.
blood ??? in stool alright so this is an issue i ve had on and off for years and i don t know what to do. so basically, sometimes i have red spots in my stool. i say spots because it doesn t fill the whole bowl, the whole stool isn t red, just red spots. it also appears on my toilet paper time to time. i m 21 now, and the first time anything happened was probably 5 years ago. doctor did an occult test, found nothing but a hemroid, sent me on my way with a cream and i was fine for a while. it s happened on and off since then and usually i either know it s hemroids or i can trace it back to something red i ate. recently however, it s gotten worse. about a month ago, as my semester was ending there was about a week where i had stomach pains and twice in that week my stool had these red spots. i went to a local walk in clinic and had another occult test done and it also came back nevative. the doctor said it was probably something i ate. i ve been fine this past month, but i just flew back from europe and twice in the past 3 days i ve noticed the same red spots. now each time it happened i had a red fruity drink the day before so i still don t really think it s blood, but if that s the case wouldn t it appear as a liquid in the bowl and not a spot as i ve described. part of me wants to go to the doctor but i was just verified a month ago that it wasn t blood, and i feel going again will just lead to the same result. i m just wondering is it normal to have any redness in your stool once in a while from food and i m just overly vigilante, as health anxiety definitely has made me, or is there more to it. thanks for reading.
blood ??? in stool alright so this is an issue i ve had on and off for years and i don t know what to do. so basically, sometimes i have red spots in my stool. i say spots because it doesn t fill the whole bowl, the whole stool isn t red, just red spots. it also appears on my toilet paper time to time. i m 21 now, and the first time anything happened was probably 5 years ago. doctor did an occult test, found nothing but a hemroid, sent me on my way with a cream and i was fine for a while. it s happened on and off since then and usually i either know it s hemroids or i can trace it back to something red i ate. recently however, it s gotten worse. about a month ago, as my semester was ending there was about a week where i had stomach pains and twice in that week my stool had these red spots. i went to a local walk in clinic and had another occult test done and it also came back nevative. the doctor said it was probably something i ate. i ve been fine this past month, but i just flew back from europe and twice in the past 3 days i ve noticed the same red spots. now each time it happened i had a red fruity drink the day before so i still don t really think it s blood, but if that s the case wouldn t it appear as a liquid in the bowl and not a spot as i ve described. part of me wants to go to the doctor but i was just verified a month ago that it wasn t blood, and i feel going again will just lead to the same result. i m just wondering is it normal to have any redness in your stool once in a while from food and i m just overly vigilante, as health anxiety definitely has made me, or is there more to it. thanks for reading.
issue with anxiety and throat hey guys, first time posting but been dealing with anxiety for a while... a lot of my anxiety goes to my health... 3 years ago i began to have these extremely painful sores in the back of my throat. went to a bunch of doctors and they couldn't tell me what was happening they said it was stress . i also got oral thrush in my throat and mouth along with headaches, stomach aches, flu and cold symptoms. i began to get extremely anxious with everything that i spiraled out of control. i landed myself in a psychiatric hospital by the end. i almost lost my job, my wife, and my life because of it. turned out i wasn't crazy but was having an adverse reaction pyhsical and mental to mold in our apartment we had recently moved into before my symptoms popped up. every thing gradually got better, my anxiety went way down... my health returned....but the one side effect was my throat became extremely sensitive. it easly scratches and a white scab will form while it heals. but my anxiety self that pops up during this time will freak out and go into ptsd mode remembering all the bad memories. i impulsively have to check my throat and look at any injuries a lot during the day and even sometimes take a q tip and touch the area and see if the scab come off just to make sure it isn't one of those sores like before. anyway i just wanted to know if anyone has gone through something similar and of anyone has some coping techniques that might help yes i see a therapist and whatnot as well . getting sick or feeling like i'm getting sick extremely stresses me out as well because of these issues. thanks everyone!
redditors with trust issues due to childhood trauma, how do you cope and build trust with others? am a 19 year old college student, trying to make the best of my life despite my past. growing up, i had a difficult childhood. my father and stepfather were both abusive and would often beat me up for the smallest reasons. i remember hiding in my room and praying that they would leave me alone, but it never worked. my mom was an alcoholic, and she never showed me any love or affection. she was always too drunk to care about anything that was going on in my life. i felt like i was all alone in the world, and i had no one to turn to. as a result of my childhood, i developed a deep sense of trust issues. i find it hard to open up to people and let them in. i am constantly afraid that they will hurt me in some way, just like my father and stepfather did. but despite all of this, i refuse to let my past define me. i am determined to make something of myself and create a better life for me. college has been a fresh start for me, and i have made some friends who seem to genuinely care about me. however, even with my newfound friendships, i still find it hard to trust people. i am always on guard and keep people at arm's length, afraid that they will hurt me like my father and stepfather did. sometimes, i wish i could forget about my past and start anew, but it's always there in the back of my mind, haunting me. it's hard to let go of the pain and the memories that shaped me into the person i am today. but i refuse to let my past hold me back. i am determined to overcome my trust issues and build a better future for myself.
anxiety developing over texts some background i m currently 18 and i was the girl who had a big group of friends who genuinely didn t hate each other and kept in touch, last semester of high school i lost touch and lost many friends even my two friends of 4 years. i did get diagnosed with panic disorder but i also know panic attacks aren t the only thing i get and i can develop anxiety over many things. i started dating a guy early in 2022 and towards the end i had started getting anxious over texts and even looking at imessage itself sometimes then i developed some anxiety and shakiness when i wouldn t hear back from him for a long time. it was a dark time for me, and i noticed i started getting anxious and was having bad thoughts about myself. now i met this new guy probably a week after i broke it off with my ex and he s great, we re not dating but definitely exclusive, but from 5pm 9pm he doesn t message me for a long time and i understand he s eating dinner, wants alone time for his own things but i hate having this shakiness in my hands and it feels like a rock weighing me down and i m shaking everywhere all over my body like i can t move. sometimes i think the solution is to tell him hey can you text me back in x amount of time or i don t like how you don t message me for awhile sure, short term solution but i know things will come up and he ll eventually resent me for making him do that, and this goes way beyond him as well. even if we break things off in the future i don t want to have major anxiety over the next guy and go through these feelings again and again and i want a permanent solution. help?
psychiatrist or psychologist? f,22 tw self harm, suicide hey there! i hope this is the right place to post about this. i don't know anyone irl who deals with so much anxiety so here we go. since last summer i've been dealing with a lot of intrusive obsessive thoughts about my relationship my partner me etc which caused a lot of anxiety. from july all the way through december i felt like i was going crazy. i felt so much anxiety and so much emotional pain to the point where i thought i couldn't function properly. i would've done anything to stop feeling anything at all. and everything between me and my partner was fine, i didn't have any reason to feel like this. in january i started to feel a bit better anxiety wise , but i started to self harm again i don't do this constantly, only once or twice every few months i guess . in january and february i felt so sad and so numb that i didn't care about anything anymore. i think i also experience suicidal thoughts but i am very afraid to die so idk if i actually do experience them. i still feel a little bit anxious and i do experience self harm thoughts here and there but overall i can function decently. i've never been to a psychiatrist or psychologist and so idk where i should start. the thing is, therapy is very expensive and i can't afford it right now. i could afford going to a psychiatrist tho, but i don't know if my situation is that bad in order to reach out to a psychiatrist. i am scared they won't take me seriously and that they will tell me to go to therapy instead. do you have any advice regarding my situation? any response would be much appreciated.
i think i have bone cancer im 20 years old male and im 6' 3 170 lbs let me start of by saying that for most of my life i think i have symptoms and i think im gonna die everytime untill i finally go to the doctor aand find out its some minor problem. ok so in spring of 2015 i noticed the muscle above my knee was twitching a lot so i got into the habit of feeling that area every day until i noticed a hard lump developing on my bone. i was certian i had bone cancer until i found out i had osteochondroma wich is a benign tumor and not life threatining. i decided not to have it removed. two years later this last summer i started have muscle twitches all over my body. those lasted like 5 months and they still happen occasionally but mostly they've been replaced by painful tender spots on various bones in my body including my spine. anyways the bones in my feet hurt a lot and in my hands. butttt basically every bone in my body has a spot where it hurts. my pee also started burning last summer and i was tested for various stds and the doctor just kinda brushed it off just like he did with all of the other symptoms im describing. and idk if this is related but ive been constipated for 11 days but i can go with laxatives. i usually go to the gym but havent in a week in a half due to travel and ive actually gained 20 pounds in muscle over the last 6 months. what i really want to know is there any possibility that this isnt serious? and for those wondering i'm going to the doctor to get this checked out as soon as im back in town. also i stopped taking my adhd meds about a month ago that id been taking for 5 years
i am sad that a teenager blocked me from viewing his story. i 23f have a pretty okay relationship with my boyfriend's 24m family. his mom is a devote christian and her and i are pretty close and his brother let's call him jake and i are okay as well. amp x200b i follow the little brother who is 16 on instagram and we occasionally interact liking stories, pics,etc . yesterday i remembered that my friends and i created a 'burner' account 3 years ago that we used to look and follow people we didn't know crazy i know . amp x200b anyways, i noticed that jake was following this burner. i looked at his profile as saw a bunch of stuff posted that i have never seen before. it was typical teenage boy stuff like rap music, middle fingers in pictures, etc. but nothing that i haven't seen before. i realized that i was blocked from viewing these stories and unblocked whenever he posted other stuff. i instantly started to feel sick and uneasy at the thought him blocking and unblocking me each time. i even felt a little teary. i thought, does he think i am uncool? old? did he think i was going to tell his mom? i also post things with cursing etc. so i really felt confused. i know in reality it is really not that deep because i too have older adults in my life 'blocked' from viewing my story but the feeling i felt was uncontrollable. i don't want to feel like this anymore. i have felt similar to this in other occasions and another user asked if i had rejection sensitive dysphoria. i am not sure if i do. amp x200b tldr boyfriend's little brother blocked me from viewing his story and i instantly started to feel uneasy.
my neck is constantly cracking! so my neck has been constantly cracking for a long time now, but now its even more frequent than it used to be. i can also move bits and pieces in the back of my neck, which feels like small pieces of bone. i saw a doctor for this, she basically diagnosed me as overly anxious about my health, that it is all a mental thing. i agree in this because i am always anxious about my health. when my neck cracks, which is with many movements, not just occasionally but very frequently, i dont really feel any pain but it does worry me a lot. my neck cracking gets worse when i am in certain positions or if i sit down on a chair for a long time. sometimes with the pains i feel, like sharp stabbing pains occasionally in my head or wherever it may be, i am starting to feel overly anxious about them because i wonder if it could be because of my neck. im only 17 but i have very bad posture and a sedentary lifestyle for many years now. i am mostly concerned about the bits and pieces that i can shift in the back of my neck, they feel like tiny pieces of bone and i can move them around. everyone ive asked about this does not relate to what im saying at all! i also get headaches nearly every day, i have a bit of scoliosis, and tmj, so i wonder if this is related at all. i just dont feel like this is normal, and its really making me anxious lately, so if anyone else experiences constant cracking and crunching in their neck tell me! and are you able to move little pieces that feel like bone in the back of your neck? if anyone can help me alleviate this anxiety i will be extremely grateful!
my vision is blurry and i think i have ms this is a lot so bear with me. and it's mostly a vent because i'm absolutely fucking terrified. last saturday i woke up with weirdly blurred vision in my right eye. i have pretty bad eyesight to begin with, but this was different. i thought it was because i was hungover or something, but it didn't go away. i made the mistake of googling and holy shit i'm losing my mind. everything i'm experiencing, the blurry vision, the color distortion, the eye pain, is consistent with optic neuritis which is usually the first symptom of ms. i'm so fucking terrified and i can't shake the feeling that i just found my death sentence. i went to the eye doctor and he said he didn't see any damage in my eye, but he wants me to go back in tomorrow and see if anything has changed. which it hasn't. i still can't see worth a damn out of that eye. he said i might have to get an mri which i'm convinced is going to show that my brain is full of lesions and tumors and all sorts of awful things. anyway there's not a lot of point to this but i'm a major hypochondriac and i'm not in any way ready to deal with the fact that there could actually be something wrong with me. i can't focus on anything and i've spent all day crying. i'm usually at least able to say well, i'm probably jumping to conclusions and it could be this instead but literally everything i read said that i have ms. and even on the ms sub there's tons of posts where people had the same symptom as me as their first sign of the disease. it's a lot to handle and i'm not doing well. thanks for reading if you made it this far.
an arrow to the knee hello everyone! recently, i have been going through a bout of health anxiety due to a nasty head cold. lots of dizziness and headaches have been fueling my worries, making me feel very disconnected and depressed. i have been constantly worrying that this will never end or that something more serious is going on. earlier today, i was starting to have a bit of a panic anxiety attack so i decided to go for a drive and clear my head while listening to some music. i ended up driving to a park, watching the sun set, and taking a walk, which really helped me regain focus on reality and calm down. luckily, on my evening stroll i found a fence with some graffiti reading let it be which reminded me of a lesson my old therapist gave me. i think it could help a lot of people on this sub. she used to compare any condition or small symptom causing worry to being hit with an arrow. cue skyrim guard life story going ahead and excessively worrying about the first arrow, to the extent that many of us do, is like shooting yourself with another arrow. i am already suffering from a sinus infection, why would i then exacerbate my anxiety by worrying about it more than i should? this could extend to anything we worry about, a headache, a sore stomach, etc. don t let a small, insignificant symptom we are dealing with create more issues, just let it be and it will pass. that headache you think is brain cancer, will go away! that leg twitch you think is early signs of als, will go away! don t take an arrow to the knee from life and shoot yourself with another. i hope this helps some people s worries!
long term clonazapam?? long term klonopin?? i am a 20 y o male with fairly bad anxiety. have tried every ssri in the book none of them work and give me horrible side effects. my anxiety is as follows completely random attacks, feel like i m dying i went to the er many times. i can t process thoughts in my head pretty much 24 7 hard time holding conversation . i will sometimes have attacks with stressful situations at work, but i have an important job so i don t let those attacks stop home from doing my job even tho it can be miserable. i have tried many different ssri, hydroxzyine which works sometimes. the only thing that has worked is xanax. i m prescribed 1mg, but i typically break it up and take .25 .5 as needed. the only thing i haven t tried is a beta blocker which i will try next. xanax allows me to have a perfectly clear head. i don t feel like a retard and trip over my words and feel disassociated when i am on it. i don t feel sedated or tired i just feel normal. it curbs and prevents panic attacks for usually 6 10 hours. i have been taking it more than i should recently .25 .5 every day to every other day. i do notice some rebound anxiety on the days off but nothing too crazy. if a beta blocker doesn t work i will try clonazapam. i really don t care about dementia later in life. so my question is if these drugs increase my quality of life dramatically should i really avoid them just because of withdrawls? yes i know their hell but you don t go through them if you are on em for long term with no intention of getting off. sorry for the essay pls share input, advice and experience, thanks
i feel like an idiot for posting here but here goes brain tumor cancer worries i feel like a dummy, but i've definitely suffered from health anxiety in the past pregnancy scares with my ex, lymphoma scares, diabetes scares, etc so i'm hoping this is just another case of me being a hypochondriac. for the past 2 weeks or so i've had this strange feeling in my head. i can't really call it a headache, its more of a pressure that can be felt throughout my head and sometimes more on the top. i wouldn't say its painful, just a really annoying feeling. i also feel somewhat of a pressure type feeling in my ears from time to time, with associated tinnitus. i've had minor hearing loss tinnitus before this headache started, but obviously dr. google has indicated to me that this could be a tumor. i saw my doctor about it last week and he said that its more likely a tension headache, but that if the symptoms continued and i was still worried he'd order a head ct for me have a physical exam scheduled in a few days . i have no other symptoms or problems, and i'm a pretty damn healthy active 23 year old. i guess i dont know what i'm asking for here, maybe just words of support from other people who have experienced something similar? the anxiety over this is killing me, and there is no real reason for me to be so stressed. am i being stupid or are my concerns legitimate? unfortunately i'm having trouble trusting my pcp...the lymphoma scare i mentioned earlier was the result of me feeling a lump in my neck which he diagnosed as a cyst turns out it was actually an enlarged lymph node after an ultrasound was done
oh anxiety, you are weird sometimes. 6 to 7 years ago i was diagnosed with gad ptsd. 2 years ago i was diagnosed with adhd. i have managed it all this time with no medicine, and i have been fine with for the most part. the only time my anxiety would rise a little bit is when it was triggered by stress. which then i knew i just had to balance it out again. well, this month ended up with heighten anxiety due to an allergic reaction being around seafood, one week later got a tooth pulled, 2 days later i was fussed at by an er doctor, and then one week later after that i had anxiety reflux kick back so hard that it cause two days of back to back panic attacks. my anxiety was so bad that i couldn t eat anything but rice and chicken, no meds, and being around doctors frighten me. i couldn t manage to get myself out of that anxiety loop. well i was finally about to get some hydroxyzine for as needed dosage 3 weeks later. my anxiety was down back to a manageable level but my fears were still there. i took one 25 mg pill in the evening. i got an euphoria feeling and drowsiness the whole next day along with diarrhea. then all my anxiety was gone. i can eat food again without fear. i m not scared to take meds again. this is the weirdest anxiety is the moment i have ever dealt with. however, i m now pondering if with my anxiety reflux being kicked up it had my stomach and brain a relay lap so when i took the hydroxyzine it suppressed that nerve in my stomach and it help my stomach feel better and then which stop the relay cycle. i guess that is something i will have to remember to ask my doctor.
hypertensive at 25 amp fear of death hi all! having an ha episode today and i don't know how to cope. went to my psychiatrist this morning where he took my blood pressure. he had to take it about three times the numbers were in the 160 110 range. i was very nervous at this appt my first time with a psychiatrist but i've had high bp before at other doctor visits in the past month ie i just got a cpap machine last month sleep doc said bp might come down with that treatment. and gyno reduced my birth control last month in an attempt to bring it down as well. but today i took my bp again at cvs about 30 mins later and it was still high, so i went to urgent care. they said it was probably stress related though i can take other measures to reduce it mostly, exercise more, lose weight, and reduce salt intake. they released me with no meds and an order to monitor it at home for white coat syndrome. suddenly i'm terrified. i can make those lifestyle changes without issue. but what if they don't help? what if i go into cardiac arrest or stroke before i can lower it? will exercise make it worse? will i die in my sleep? will i have to go on hypertension meds at 25? it runs in my family but this feels like a personal failing my lifestyle and eating habits haven't helped, i'm sure. am i fucked for life? am i going to die young? im home now and just took it again 160 90. i'm so scared. i have depression and ged which also don't help. i've been stressed out lately but i didn't think it was a huge problem. i feel like i'm just waiting to stroke out or go into extreme chest pain. i feel helpless.
at the end of my rope, no idea what to do and constantly want to kill myself for feeling this way. important i am not currently in danger of hurting myself and i have the suicide prevention number in my phone. i am however always contemplating killing myself to free myself from this constant health related anxiety. i am a 26 year old american guy, no health insurance. for the past 8 years now ive been battling some absolutely crippling health anxiety. after almost dying doing some drugs in college i really shouldnt have k2 spice , i have been in constant fear that i am dying for one reason or another ever since. ive convinced myself i had heart failure and had multiple echos, ekgs, ultrasounds, etc of my heart done, all clear. the stress from all of that caused me to develop migraines really badly within the first year. those migraines caused me to convince myself i had an aneurysm or meningitis, so i had ct scans, mris, angeograms, a spinal tap, all came back clear and i was told it is just migraines. this has been going on for years and this past summer i spent a month in an inpatient facility for actually trying to kill myself over it. now, after recently reading about a brain eating amoeba killing a woman in seattle for using a neti pot, ive been sleepless and at a 12 10 on the anxiety scale convinced ive got only a week left to live. i'm at the end of my rope, i dont know how to stop feeling this way all the time. i have constant panic attacks, i spend a lot of my days crying and i am just so paralyzing afraid that i'm dying i can hardly function. please, what should i do?
how do i keep myself from constantly coming into conclusion base on my intuition? hi, i'm peter, 20. recently i've been thinking of bad things happening base on my intuition. most of these bad things are related to my relationship with the people around me. i'm constantly thinking that they have something against me or they're betraying me. this started last year, 2022 after the restriction, because of the pandemic, loosened. i had a group of friends that i was with and had a few drinks together, had fun, and typical stuff you do with your friends. after a fee months, i felt something was wrong. even though they are not showing it, i feel it that they don't like me. i confronted them about it, and they said no . but few days after that, someone told me what they've been saying about me. i felt betrayed and sad. after that unfortunate incident, i've been having trust issues and i trust my intuition more than ever. now, i'm talking to someone. he's sweet and gentle. he works hard and is independent. he talks to me even though he's tired, i really feel that he's someone to keep. but today, i just felt that something's wrong. he called me but he didn't speak. i called him back but didn't answer. i texted him what's wrong, if he's okay. he answered me yupp . that was it, not even an explanation. i don't know if i should tell this guy that what he did triggered my anxiety, and i suddenly felt that he's unto something. i don't want to think much about it because i actually like him. should i tell him after his shift or i should keep it to myself and see what the future holds for me?
anyone here also feels like they'll be lonely forever because of social anxiety? i think ever since i was bullied in school i always was afraid of people. i missed so many opportunities in my life because no matter how many self help books i was reading, i was just not able to overcome my anxiety. and even if i managed to be normal around people i still felt lonely. because i felt like an alien, like i was different to everyone else. a normal relationship with a woman who accepts me for who i am? gt not available since i finished school! friends with whom i can share my hopes and dreams and who i feel deeply connected with? gt not for me! just interact with people without feeling completely nervous and socially awkward? gt impossible! with 22 i knew that either i have to change something or it will stay like this forever! it was a wild journey ever since and despite a lot of set backs, rejections, insecurities and the feeling that i am too unlovable for anyone i can say that i overcame my social anxiety. i don't want to brag with this post, the only thing i want is to give you hope in times where you maybe feel no hope. maybe this here is the motivation for you to take the first step today. to look out of the comfort zone a tiny little bit. to get help when you need help, as it is a sign of strength to ask for help not of weakness. if this here reaches one person who is struggling today i've done my job. because no matter how tall the wall seem that you are looking at right now, it is possible to overcome it. if you need help or advice, i'll be there for you in the comments!
long time ha resurfacing lymph nodes help appreciated hi. i am a 19 yo male and i have suffered from health anxiety for almost 7 years now. it has been better recently since i went to therapy and started to excercise more. about two months ago my parents got divorced, and recenty things haven't been too good within the family. i noticed slight pain in my stomach about three weeks ago and haven't got rid of this creeping feeling of anxiety since. so, today at work i go normal ly to the restroom and strech my groin since ot was feeling a bit stiff. while feeling the groin with my hand i notice a bump and freak out completely. it's about 2cm long and quite narrow. my first thought is obviously lymphoma. i mean how could it not be... i haven't been sick since the first week of january so it can't have swollen on it's own right?? then i connect the weird feelings in my stomach during the last three weeks to the bump and the anxiety is back all guns blazing. how do i move on from here? tl dr summary 185cm tall and 65kg, skinny. noticed a new bump in my left groin, it does not hurt but is quite hard and about 2cm long and narrow. i have previously noticed two other lymph nodes one in each groin and they feel similar but slightly larger. the only reason why i think its a swollen lymph node is because i haven't noticed it earlier i dont check my groins very often . edit. i think its important to note that i started a new job in a warehouse two weeks ago. i lift boxes, stand and walk the whole day so my muscles are very tense all the time. could this have something to do with the bump
long time ha resurfacing lymph nodes help appreciated hi. i am a 19 yo male and i have suffered from health anxiety for almost 7 years now. it has been better recently since i went to therapy and started to excercise more. about two months ago my parents got divorced, and recenty things haven't been too good within the family. i noticed slight pain in my stomach about three weeks ago and haven't got rid of this creeping feeling of anxiety since. so, today at work i go normally to the restroom and strech my groin since ot was feeling a bit stiff. while feeling the groin with my hand i notice a bump and freak out completely. it's about 2cm long and quite narrow. my first thought is obviously lymphoma. i mean how could it not be... i haven't been sick since the first week of january so it can't have swollen on it's own right?? then i connect the weird feelings in my stomach during the last three weeks to the bump and the anxiety is back all guns blazing. how do i move on from here? tl dr summary 185cm tall and 65kg, skinny. noticed a new bump in my left groin, it does not hurt but is quite hard and about 2cm long and narrow. i have previously noticed two other lymph nodes one in each groin and they feel similar but slightly larger. the only reason why i think its a swollen lymph node is because i haven't noticed it earlier i dont check my groins very often . edit. i think its important to note that i started a new job in a warehouse two weeks ago. i lift boxes, stand and walk the whole day so my muscles are very tense all the time. could this have something to do with the bump
be careful of google results. don't click on calmclinic. also my head hurts. i'd never seen the website before in my life, but it was suddenly not only the promoted result and the top non promoted result when i googled a generic symptoms i know, googling bad . i clicked out of curiosity, seemed like an innocuous anxiety website, it directed me to a test, which then offered to send me in depth results via email no , or i could get basic results, which i clicked. then a long ass video with a woman promising she could cure me in just a few weeks, no meds, no therapy! it was really deceptive because the video suggested she would tell you the solution at any moment, but eventually she asked for 78. it was an obvious scam to me and i knew that from the start, but it was really well crafted. i doubt anyone here would fall for that sort of thing, but if you see calm clinic in google results, click on the feedback button to report it as a scam. i think at one point the woman insinuated that if you thought the whole deal was too good to be true, that also was your anxiety lol. who tf can sleep at night after weedling mentally ill people for money? anyway, comes and goes, but i've been getting this weird pressure headache, generally around the crown and eyes. often accompanied by a rushing in my ears that times with my heartbeat. my anxiety was better, but i had my period and it left me feeling really tired, and i dunno if it's tiredness causing anxiety, or if i have blood pressure problems. i googled blood pressure stuff, saw the word stroke and exited out before i made myself worse.
first time poster, never used to be like this! hi all, about two years ago i passed out in my bedroom after riding home from work by bike on a cold day. immediately jumped into a hot shower. felt dizzy, confused, and then boom, hit the ground. was kind of half aware half unaware, but then had a killer headache after a bit and slept it off. went to the er the next day for a ct scan. everything was peachy. went about my regular day for a good 4 months until i was playing league and all of a sudden the cursor disappeared whenever it went past my right eye. i could still see out of it, but i couldn't follow the cursor. then the text became hard to read. then i tried texting my mom that i was having a stroke but it came out like gibbrish. then slow creeping numbness up my left arm all the way to my face. somehow managed to call 911 and they brought me in by ambulance. diagnosed migraines. mri was clean. all that happened two years ago. i regularly get these stroke level migraines with aphasia and confusion about once a month. every sinus infection is a brain infection, every unsymmetrical feature on my skull is a swollen lymph node and lymphoma. i'm itchy all the time in my apartment, so i've got liver failure. every minor ache or pain is the worst possible disease. i can't help myself making doctor appointments because i don't believe i have migraines. my life has been ruined, my personality completely changed. i don't even feel real, i walk around with de realization daily. who am i? wtf is going on and how do i begin to deal? i'm only 29 and by most accounts pretty healthy.
stomach problems for 1 month hi guys, me again so i ve been having stomach issues for the past month which i am pretty sure are due to anxiety stress, but still have got me worried! it began a month ago, when i took some magnesium on an empty stomach i ve been taking it to help with palpitations and i got crazy stomach cramps. since then, i ve had gas and bloating and uncomfortable bowel movements. i went to a doctor overseas i ve been traveling who didn t do any tests but just told me to take probiotics which i have been doing. now that is been a couple weeks and things haven t gone away i m beginning to get worried. however, i can t go to the doctor yet because my medical insurance doesn t kick in until february 1st. a couple more details on my current symptoms i have gas and bloating in the morning and before i go to bed. no problems really during the day. the pain does seem to be more localized on my right hand side. i do also get heartburn. why i think it might be anxiety is because 1 i ve travelled to 4 different time zones in the period of a 6 weeks which usually messes with my digestion. 2 i ve been pretty anxious and stressed out because of traveling, flying, and looking for work. 3 my diet has been really out of whack as i ve been in so many countries recently so i eat whatever is there. i m finally back home for good now, so stress is going down but the symptoms have not unfortunately what do you guys think? i don t want to go to the doctor until i get insurance because it will be very expensive but waiting a week or more to see what is going on is killing me!
love yourself good morning reddit users! i wanted to pass some words or love and support. we are all here because of our health anxiety whether we have it now, or we had it in the past and we re just trying to support others. i wanted to tell everyone... breathe. why is that so important? because when we are all trapped inside our own thoughts and obsessed with our problems we feed into our pain, our stress, and our anxiety. that s what our anxiety wants! take a moment to step back and relax, let your body unravel since it s so tense you won t even notice it! close your eyes, take deep breaths just to let your mind go back to normal . because if you continue to worry and stress, your symptoms of whatever you re feeling get worse! then you begin to analyze new symptoms and you ll start to worry about those. so just breathe please. we as human beings sometimes forget to love ourselves and appreciate the small steps we take against our anxiety! please give yourself a pat on the back, congratulate yourself for taking this small step! don t ever feel like you re alone, we re all here to help each other because we want the best for each other, we might feel like we re in a hole. but we can get out of here i promise you all, we just need the support and the love because with that we can counter attack the mind. it s powerful, but we can t let it take advantage of us! we gotta control it and use it to our advantage! i hope all you have a wonderful day, and week, and month, and year. let this be our year! let s tackle this together! i love you all. let s beat this together.
love yourself good morning reddit users! i wanted to pass some words or love and support. we are all here because of our health anxiety whether we have it now, or we had it in the past and we re just trying to support others. i wanted to tell everyone... breathe. why is that so important? because when we are all trapped inside our own thoughts and obsessed with our problems we feed into our pain, our stress, and our anxiety. that s what our anxiety wants! take a moment to step back and relax, let your body unravel since it s so tense you won t even notice it! close your eyes, take deep breaths just to let your mind go back to normal. because if you continue to worry and stress, your symptoms of whatever you re feeling get worse! then you begin to analyze new symptoms and you ll start to worry about those. so just breathe please. we as human beings sometimes forget to love ourselves and appreciate the small steps we take against our anxiety! please give yourself a pat on the back, congratulate yourself for taking this small step! don t ever feel like you re alone, we re all here to help each other because we want the best for each other, we might feel like we re in a hole. but we can get out of here i promise you all, we just need the support and the love because with that we can counter attack the mind. it s powerful, but we can t let it take advantage of us! we gotta control it and use it to our advantage! i hope all you have a wonderful day, and week, and month, and year. let this be our year! let s tackle this together! i love you all. let s beat this together.
side effects from taking my adderall in the morning and drinking alcohol in the afternoon around 3pm? ive been on vacation in the bahamas since march 31st til yesterday april 8th. everyday we were super active always going out on the boat in the sun all day. on april 7th i took 20mg of adderall 3 times that day spread out between 2hrs each dose. so all together that day i had 60mg.and about an hour and a half later of my last dose i drank two rum punches throughout 3 hours time. after that about 2 and a half hours later i had 2 other rum punches again in a spand of 1 and a half hours. i never got drunk just felt pretty tipsy and good. i went to bed around 10 30pm feeling fine, not drunk at all. i woke up around 1230am with heavy vertigo and my stomach started hurting i went back to sleep hoping i would feel better in the morning. well i woke up around 7am to get ready to leave for our flight and the vertigo was back and the stomach pain. i only puked twice i felt better after i got home in florida around 4pm i was 80 back to normal . i went to bed around 10pm last night and woke up today around 8am i feel like im in a daze like sleepy but i feel very out of it i feel depressed and have loads of anxiety which i already have normal ly i dont know whats wrong with me im freaking out, im scared this has permanently damaged my brain and in going to feel like this forever. is it because im off vacation? or because a counteractment with my adderall and alcohol? someone please ease my mind i hate feeling this way. and any pointers on how to get myself back to normal
how do i stop overthinking and seeing for people for what i want them to be instead of what they are. i am afraid to make new friends because as soon as i meet someone new, i start imagining how our friendship relationship will be like. i start planning where we will hangout, the conversations we will have, and how they would be like. i start getting excited over the fantasy of them that i created in my head and my brain makes me feel like i know them and that we re already friends even though we just met. i then get disappointed when they don t live up to the image that i had for them and start panicking because i m like wait so now where never gonna be able to go to the beach like i planned or they take too long to text back, they probably don t like me and i m annoying and i scared them away. i throw away all my self worth just for the opportunity to live the fantasy i created. like this guy i like did not answer me for a whole day and i assumed he dislikes me and got upset he texted me eventually after a day and i knew i should not answer quick because for me he was a priority he shouldn t be we just met but my brains makes me thing i m closer to people than it seems . i ended up answering in like 5 minutes knowing i should not have because he did not answer me for a day but i did it anyways because i really wanted to hangout with him and live out the fantasy in my head of us hanging out and getting to know each other. how do i stop please i need help because this is exhausting and overwhelming and i am annoying and scared that i ll scared people away.
i ve recently been having problems with heart palpitations and increased anxious feelings hi reddit. i am a young adult female in her first year of university, and i just wanted some reassurance or advice. i ve grown up around anxious people having parents and step parents on anti depressants and with ptsd, so i know how the gist of mental health issues in this caliber somewhat haha! . i myself have also struggled with mild anxiety or depression in the past, as well as a brief but somewhat severe ed many years ago, but nothing ever officially diagnosed or bad enough to get diagnosed or treated for a part from some counselling. however in the past few months my anxiety have been ramped up to the max, with the feeling of my heart pushing against my chest for the silliest little fears giving me insomnia or making me feel sick etc. it s doing as much as i write this. one thing to note, i have a heart murmur, and occasionally i can notice it, but normally it s very faint, if really there at all, so i m assuming it s got nothing to do with anything? i have been feeling kind of lonely lately. for some more recent context, whilst i play online with my old friends and see them and my bf often, i don t have any really close friends at uni, and have had some fall outs with a flatmate i share a bathroom with, making me often anxious in my own home. i absolutely love living away from home apart from this as i came from spilt custody between parents. i would just like some advice or anyone with past experience to reassure or educate help me if any way? thank you so much
worried about toxic shock because i m an irresponsible idiot thursday i started my period no big deal there. friday night my husband and i went out to grab drinks and dinner to celebrate his new job. i had put a tampon in and since it was a light one completely forgot and we had sex. neither or us felt the tampon probably due to alcohol. saturday morning comes and i m off running errands. i put a tampon in on top of the one already in there bc i never sleep with a tampon in so it was habit. i changed it normal ly throughout the day. when i got into bed at 11pm saturday night i had a weird feeling i left my tampon in from friday. i go to the bathroom and i had. i removed it, put a pad on and went to sleep. now i m worried sick i ve got toxic shock syndrome. so yesterday i m tired which honestly probably was due to a busy weekend and the fact that i get up at 4 am m f for work. last night i was nauseous and dizzy falling asleep. however i had just remembered those were symptoms of tss then started having them. this morning i felt some nausea and a headache. i get frequent headaches from sleeping like an idiot with my neck, but i m worried because it s together. logically the nausea is the fact that i m presenting to the entire leadership team today at work, but of course i go back to i just have tss and this is the beginning. i m so worried and now i m afraid i ll blow this presentation. i just started a new role so my health insurance doesn t kick in until april. i would absolutely go to the doctor or er if i was certain i had tss and not just bad anxiety.
worried about toxic shock because i m an irresponsible idiot thursday i started my period no big deal there. friday night my husband and i went out to grab drinks and dinner to celebrate his new job. i had put a tampon in and since it was a light one completely forgot and we had sex. neither or us felt the tampon probably due to alcohol. saturday morning comes and i m off running errands. i put a tampon in on top of the one already in there bc i never sleep with a tampon in so it was habit. i changed it normally throughout the day. when i got into bed at 11pm saturday night i had a weird feeling i left my tampon in from friday. i go to the bathroom and i had. i removed it, put a pad on and went to sleep. now i m worried sick i ve got toxic shock syndrome. so yesterday i m tired which honestly probably was due to a busy weekend and the fact that i get up at 4 am m f for work. last night i was nauseous and dizzy falling asleep. however i had just remembered those were symptoms of tss then started having them. this morning i felt some nausea and a headache. i get frequent headaches from sleeping like an idiot with my neck, but i m worried because it s together. logically the nausea is the fact that i m presenting to the entire leadership team today at work, but of course i go back to i just have tss and this is the beginning. i m so worried and now i m afraid i ll blow this presentation. i just started a new role so my health insurance doesn t kick in until april. i would absolutely go to the doctor or er if i was certain i had tss and not just bad anxiety.
repost the effectiveness of a 4 week online mindfulness program for depression, anxiety, and stress mod approved hello! i am a graduate student researcher from the university of colorado at colorado springs uccs studying the helpfulness of a 4 week online mindfulness treatment for depression, anxiety, and stress in adults aged 18 years and older for my master's thesis. participation will involve completing online surveys and learning and practicing mindfulness exercises introduced in the online intervention program. after completion of the program, participants will be entered to win a 25 amazon gift card . approximately 1.5 hours of your time each week is required. all in all, through this study, i hope to better illuminate the effects of brief mindfulness programs in both younger and older adults, along with promoting awareness and future research for these types of programs! note due to the nature of this study, i cannot post the survey links directly to reddit. surveys will be sent via the email below. in order to participate you must be 18 30 or 50 years of age have access to the internet and email be willing to answer questions about your mood and memory not have prior experience with mindfulness meditation not currently be receiving therapy if you would like to participate or have any questions, please email payton downey at pdowney uccs.edu mailto pdowney uccs.edu . if you don't believe you qualify to participate, please feel free to share this information with other people who might be able to participate. thank you and have a wonderful day!
need support asap for rabies fear!! so on january 4th almost 2 weeks ago i pet, and gently moved, a friendly cat out of the road by a local restaurant. he let me pick him up under one arm in my fluffy winter coat without too much resistance or fighting back, but darted off a little peturbed once i moved him. he may have lightly dug his claws in for balance and surprise at being moved but as a germaphobe who is very afraid of cat scratch fever, i feel i would've noticed excessive claws making it through my winter layers. i went about my night my birthday night without much else of a thought for the cat. the next morning i did discover a fair amount of dried bleeding and cut scraped area on my elbow that i'm still not sure how it came to be. but again, i patched it up and went about my days. its since healed fine. i wasn't intoxicated, but i had been out dancing late and thought maybe i bumped it at some point. fast forward to today, january 17th, and the talk of rabies comes up. suddenly i remember the cat and mysterious scratch. surely i would've known if the cat did it? he was friendly, docile, and clean. i figured he belonged to some one living in the city located nearby to the place we were eating at since he was chubby and had a soft clean coat. but now i'm freaked out! should i talk to my dr about getting a rabies shot now?! its been 2 weeks on saturday. i fully intend to call my dr in the morning and have spoken to the nurse hotline. i just know they also kind of have to give me the just in case response and would like some more candid input .
quick change in anxiety symptoms?! hi guys, i've experienced anxiety for a long time now 26f , i'd say at least 8 years. symptoms have always been tight chest, heart going a million miles an hour, the occasional panic attack. i've always managed it quite well, have a decent job and can interact with people fairly well. i've never let it stop me doing anything as then i'd feel like it has beat me. as of 3 weeks ago it was literally one day fine and the next.. not fine! , i got on the train to go to work and felt like i was going to throw up. my mouth was watering and heart felt like it was in my throat. at first i thought it was food poisoning and something was physically amiss. even though i haven't thrown up and logic would indicate i'm not going to, it feels like i genuinely am on the verge everytime i am in a moving vehicle. i thought it would pass, but it's now just part of my everyday life and i'm finding it debilitating. i'm scared i'll lose my job because of it, which is feeding into the anxiety even more. the only way i can get through a train journey or any moving vehicle for that matter is by closing my eyes and putting on bob marley through my headphones. it's quite comedic but it genuinely is the only way i can slightly manage it. i've never enjoyed the commute and have done it for ages, but now it's became a thing. i have to have a plastic bag with me at all times as the urge to throw up is so real. has anyone else experienced a sudden and drastic change in anxiety symptoms, how do you manage them? i'm scared i'll be this way forever.
very sudden onset of physical anxiety symptoms? hi all, i never struggled with anxiety like this before, when suddenly i had a panic attack for the first time last month i felt suddenly extremely uncomfortable and trapped unsafe in the minutes leading up to it but the whole time i was still thinking rationally. but the physical symptoms were definitely there and since then i've been having these mini bouts of extremely rapid hyperventilation just randomly through the day and tightness pain in the chest stomach. these originally happened whenever i thought any remotely negative thought at all, but now they're just popping up at random times. currently i'm sat here with my stomach in knots and feeling like i'm about to cry for absolutely no reason at all. i wouldn't say i'm very worried about anything in particular just the normal things i've been a little stressed about my whole life, like school but it's getting really annoying to have these small or on occasion, full blown anxiety attacks nearly every day. again, this is all completely new to me. i'm prone to overstressing or worrying at times but these symptoms don't seem to be completely related to that since they come on so randomly and i feel like they would have popped up sooner during more stressful times in my life? if anyone has any insight it would be much appreciated, because it's getting really freaking annoying and interfering with my schoolwork and personal relationships. at this point would something like therapy even help me if it's so primarily physical? what do i do??? thank you!
first time health anxiety. around late october i noticed whenever i smoked weed it was hard to swallow. normal people get hungry and eat. i didn't eat, i had anxiety until i felt normal again. i guess the dry mouth you get made it worse for me to swallow? anyway, fast forward to late november. i quit smoking weed. i'm due for a dental surgery and days before the surgery it feels as if i'm gonna choke on whatever is in my throat. at this point i couldn't even check my throat or put my tongue down long enough to look without gagging so much. i go through with the surgery, the surgeon says that one of my tonsils is larger than the other, and for me to get it checked out when i can. i go to my local hospital and they agree that my throat is swollen with a white spot possibly a tonsil stone along with swollen lymph nodes. he refers me to diagnostics for an ultrasound. this takes a month to do, because i live in a rural area and paperwork and such. anyway, february 25th was my ultrasound and the results were sent back to my local doctor. he recommends a biopsy and ct scan this month. i may miss my daughters first birthday, and anxiety is through the roof. i had a family member give me a clonazepam once. it was the first time i felt normal in a long time. i really should get a prescription, but i dont wanna be dependent on meds. basically raw dogging reality at this point. dont smoke weed, dont drink. no support system in place. basically suffering in silence while i try to maintain composure. i'm newish to reddit so apologies if this isn't posted right.
first time health anxiety. around late october i noticed whenever i smoked weed it was hard to swallow. normal people get hungry and eat. i didn't eat, i had anxiety until i felt normal again. i guess the dry mouth you get made it worse for me to swallow? anyway, fast forward to late november. i quit smoking weed. i'm due for a dental surgery and days before the surgery it feels as if i'm gonna choke on whatever is in my throat. at this point i couldn't even check my throat or put my tongue down long enough to look without gagging so much. i go through with the surgery, the surgeon says that one of my tonsils is larger than the other, and for me to get it checked out when i can. i go to my local hospital and they agree that my throat is swollen with a white spot possibly a tonsil stone along with swollen lymph nodes. he refers me to diagnostics for an ultrasound. this takes a month to do, because i live in a rural area and paperwork and such. anyway, february 25th was my ultrasound and the results were sent back to my local doctor. he recommends a biopsy and ct scan this month. i may miss my daughters first birthday, and anxiety is through the roof. i had a family member give me a clonazepam once. it was the first time i felt normal in a long time. i really should get a prescription, but i dont wanna be dependent on meds. basically raw dogging reality at this point. dont smoke weed, dont drink. no support system in place. basically suffering in silence while i try to maintain composure. i'm newish to reddit so apologies if this isn't posted right.
back pain and worst anxiety day in years!! crying and scared 33 female. i have been doing really well with health anxiety, not googling, going to therapy etc. not today! i am terrified i have some sort of kidney disease or something. last night when i went to bed at 1 am i was irritated with back pain, sort of mid back no matter how i moved, so i changed my pillow my old one was giving me neck pain and headaches and still no relief. i didn't sleep well. i have been unable to function all morning so far bc i can't stop googling kidney failure, infections, back pain etc. i have sort of all over back pain, mid back, lower back, not sharp but achey and like i pulled something. i can really feel it when i take a deep breath or move. sitting on my couch right now even hurts. i finally broke down and took ibuprofen. i also keep excessively checking my urine to see if its cloudy and keep moving and touching my back and checking for other kidney symptoms. on sunday i spend several hours sitting on the floor going through several closets of clothing reaching and moving differently than normal . yesterday i carried a heavy gaming system by myself from the floor to my car to the post office, i also used my lap top while sitting on my couch to work most of the day and evening....is it possible this is from weird posture and will go away or should i be going to the er???? i know my anxiety is probably making it worse and my husband and parents are giving me the silent treatment now because i've had a slip in my anxiety. i am just really really really scared.
working out worsening my anxiety hey all, i'll try to make my story as quick as possible. i've been working out for about 9 year now. i've battled forms of anxiety and depression my whole life. my health anxiety has been at an all time worst this past month. about a month and a half ago i took performance enhancing drugs peds . i stopped cold turkey after taking them for 12 days cause i saw some symptoms i didn't like. ever since i've stopped, my panics and anxiety have been killing me. my biggest fear is that i screwed up my heart just from those 12 days. i don't really fear anything else except for heart issues. i haven't been able to sleep since i've been in fear. i went to my doctor and she gave me all the physical tests took my blood pressure, listened to my heart breathing and checked my limbs for swelling and she said everything seemed fine. yesterday i returned to the gym and working out makes me so nervous. i keep thinking any type of physical exertion is gonna cause my heart to stop. one symptom i've noticed is that i feel a weird bubbly feeling stemming from my upper left abdomen, sort of where my chest meets my stomach and it feels like a weird pressure bubble rising through my stomach chest and throat on the left side. it's almost like i have to burp but can't. i noticed its been happening and its mostly when i workout. i'm super scared that i have afib. hoping this is just anxiety related or stomach related. i've been doing so much googling lately that i've come up with about 50 different possibilities of what it could be lol.
advice hey everybody you may have seen me post on here a lot recently and i do apologise for that i don't want to waste anyone's time. however since november when i'm stupidly ingested cannabis one night and ended up in hospital because my heart went to fast my anxiety has got so much worse. that night in hospital i was convinced i was gonna have a heart attack and die i was in so much pain and agony and in the ambulance the paramedics said my heart was going to fast but this was down to anxiety and nothing wrong with my heart. same in the hospital they tried to treat my heart with medication but they couldn't slow it down they said this was because it was not an irregular heart it was normal just a bit fast once again due to anxiety so i was left over night and discharged the next day. december 4th i dislocated my knee for the 2nd time and while waiting to be seen in hospital my heart went to fast so they put me in a ward over night and did all the tests bloody tests for my heart and ecgs nothing once again and anxiety once again. then after that is when my intrusive thoughts started and that went on for a few weeks i still get it on and off now however. but the last 2 3 days my heart has been going fast i'm losing my breath easily and i can feel my heart palpitating i've had countless doctors and tests look at me and nothing to do with my heart? i've even rang a hotline about this and they said anxiety does all this it seems to go in a cycle my thoughts then everything is okay for a while then my heart and thoughts again can anyone help?
hows do you differentiate between imagined problems and real problems? long rant since i was probably 19 20 i have had a roller coaster of health anxiety. it all started with an actual kidney issue which later resolved itself and the only possible cause was stress . since then i have had a huge fear of sti's which led to my ultimate fear of cancer and warts caused by hpv especially throat mouth . i have always had some form of anxiety, when i was younger i'd pull out my eyelashes and scour my face for blemishes. i believe this has led to me being so hard on my self that i notice any imperfection. i have tonsil stones and while i stuck my finger down my throat i went past my tonsils this time gross i know and i felt a bump, almost like a skin tag. this led to me feeling so panicked i became physically ill and left work early. since then i've been googling and come to the conclusion that i can't keep doing this to myself. normal people do not stick their fingers down their throat to find god knows what. of course it's going to feel weird down there. i understand this new thought will not pass immediately but how do you guys differentiate real vs imagined issues? how do you calm yourself down? i am at my wit's end, my gf is too. i'm sick of being withdrawn and lying to her about what's wrong. i'm sick of going down rabbits holes for hours on end. i'm sick of physically checking my self countless times. i'm just sick of it. sometimes the only times i find any relief is when i am in actual distress from a confirmed ailment and that's just sad.
concerned for co worker vision problems i m reaching out on behalf of a co worker. over the past three weeks, he has been having progressive problems with his sight. i m not sure of all the details, but he has been to a family doctor, an optometrist, and a doctor that specializes in how the nerves relate to eye sight not a neurologist, can t remember the name . i m not sure of all the tests performed, but he claims to have explored just about every route possible, and no one can tell him anything! i asked him what the next step was, and he told me there were no next steps. he is 64 years old, and has had cataracts previously, but has been fine in the six years that i ve known him. he wears glasses due to being farsighted. the problems started about three weeks ago, and have progressed to the point where he can t make out anything that he can t make anything out glasses or not that is more than about 10 15 feet away from him. i was talking to him this morning and standing about that distance away, and he said he couldn t make out the details of my face. from his explanation, if you take each eye and break it off into quadrants, each week he starts having problems in a new one. so, he had problems in one quadrant in his right eye three weeks ago. then problems in another, and so on. currently, he has blurry vision in three of four quadrants in his right eye and one of four quadrants in his left eye. beyond this, i don t have much more info. does anyone have any insight as to what this could be? or what steps he could take? thanks everyone!
work, life, anxiety f20 today is actually the day all my worries are transformed in real situations, let's start first of all, my grandma's sister birthday, i totally forgot about . than said that i would come, but i forgot about gift and overslept, than was to anxious to go, and called said i'm sick, than i received a message from my coworker like hah where are you the event is starting, i totally forgot about this than i fucked up with my student, rescheduling our lesson like 3 5 times because i thought i would maybe go on a birthday and finally telling that i'm sick to her as well because well at this moment i was already crying because how irresponsible and stupid this situation is, and also it would be so strange to do this lesson with her after not going to the event, and the event is still going, i probably should get there, but it's to overwhelming at this point, i also will not go to the birthday party for the same reason, to much stress for me already, i want to just disappear, i try so hard to remember everything and it just happenes.. it is so so stupid and i mean i'm completely useless anyway, like who the hell lives with memory troubles at 20 , it feels like some disorder at this point i forget a lot of things my mom is dating an alhogolic and last couple of weeks were a nightmare. i didn't sleep normal for a long time because of this situation and last night was a disaster a lot of other troubles financial, with studying and at the end right now i feel like literally throwing up from the level of anxiety that i experience
week long attack i was diagnosed with gad three years ago, but have declined treatment in the form of long term medicine probably due to my medical anxiety, go figure . i would describe my attacks as completely random and not stemming from outside situations typically . for instance, i will be laying in bed watching a funny show and suddenly feel like an elephant is on my chest. two weeks ago i found a man hiding under my car in my driveway. i chased him off and called the police. turns out he crashed his car up the road and was hiding from the police. i was worked up that day and the next, but have been able to feel comfort knowing this wasn t some weird, targeted attack on me. but a desperate man in desperate times, or however the saying goes lol. however, my physical symptoms have not left. my chest constantly feels heavy and i cannot get a good breath. i almost have to force myself to yawn to feel like im getting that deep breath. it s affecting my life, mostly limiting my physical movements and causing headaches, assuming from constantly forcing a deep breath. i don t have a pcp i can call for advice. but i feel like enough is enough and i would like to be able to breathe normally again. my mom has copd so i have a pulse ox around and my oxygen has been consistent at 98 99, so i can mostly confidently say this is anxiety. my issue is, do i call a doctors office and wait weeks to be seen? or go to an urgent care, pay 150 for them to tell me this is just anxiety? ultimately, what are my options here? i just want to feel normal again
anyone else get really bad feelings of impending doom without being scared of a specific illness? my health anxiety is weird in that i don't really fear any 'specific' illness. instead i worry about dying of an unknown undiagnosed condition. i worry specifically that my consciousness is about to end, that i'm beginning the process of passing out and i'm never going to wake up. i primarily get intense feelings of impending doom which leave me paralysed with fear, often unable to do anything but lie down in bed and close my eyes. in the past i used to go to the hospital a lot and beg the doctors not to let me die, but now i at least have the courage to just freak out at home. the impending feelings of doom are so intense they leave me shaking and feeling cold. sometimes while huddled in bed in the midst of a panic attack i even involuntarily shake and yell out things to myself like please i don't want to die . like the fear of death is so strong i actually blurt things out reflexively without being able to control it. this is happening to me basically every day now and leading me to spend increasing amounts of time just lying down at home. when i try and socialise i'm often distracted from the conversation by thoughts i'm about to die. i spend about 80 of my life fixated on these horrible thoughts aboht dying and about 10 20 of my life experiencing this intense feeling of doom. i need help. i don't want to live like this any more. has anyone felt this way or been in a similar situation? is there anything i should try to help myself?
flat stool and dull stomach pain. could it be ibs? colon cancer? just flat out anxiety? lately i've noticed that my stool has been softer, floating, and generally flatter than before. they are not absurdly flat, you'd only notice it if you examined them closely because they float around. i've really noticed this over the past couple of weeks. i haven't really had a solid and long stool in a while. in addition to this, i've been having some dull abdominal pain that kind of radiates on my sides and in the middle of my abdomen. nothing that keeps me from walking around and exercising though. the pain radiates for a couple of minutes and subsides when i stop thinking about it. i went to the doctor two weeks ago complaining about the abdominal pain this was before i noticed anything about the poop . i had a blood test and a urine test taken and basically they came back all clear. for the record, i'm 19, male, and overweight. my college diet combined with inaccessibility to the gym has caused me to gain weight over the past two years. my biggest questions for are these when is the right time to contact my doctor again? since the blood and urine tests came back completely normal, is it right to assume that my stool is just a byproduct of me being anxious and general change of diet? i'm on my school's winter break. meaning this is a big diet change and physical activity change. i'm no longer eating food in bad dining halls, i'm making my own. ibs? colon cancer?? please help me out. from googling, i'm convinced i want a colonoscopy.
drove downwind of a confirmed asbestos fire today. freaking the hell out so yeah, there was a major fire in the city today. we had no idea till we were driving up on it. the route i wanted to take was blocked due to the fire. at that time, we had no idea the smoke was highly toxic. so cause our route was blocked, i took a street pretty much parellel to the one we were supposed to take. we drive, and we come across smoke, and drive right through it. i also played the funny guy, and breathed in really hard and said mmmm smell that to be funny. read on the news when we got home the building contained asbestos, and theres an asbestos warning for the whole city center. so yeah, now here we are. i'm in a really, really bad place now. that said, there are a few things which i guess are kinda making me feel a bit better. we were about 800 feet maybe from the burning building in question, and we drove through about 8 hours after the fire started, and apparently it had been contained by that point. still we walked around the city center all day, and drove through it, and waited at a stop light in the smoke. my lungs feel full, and i think my nose burns a little, though that could be becuase later on, at the bar, i stood with my frie ds a few times while they all smoked cigarettes. and this is kinda gross, but i could have sworn my farts had a kind of asphalt like smell, which i got when i quit smoking, which indicates smoke inhalation of some kind. i guess i could be misidentiying it though. i dunno... i'm just really scared now.
anxiety brain eating amoeba i ve had health anxiety for about 8 months now, i ve always wanted to post here but have always been too sacred. for me, everything started with a scan my wife had and in the wait i started searching for possible causes and then started getting her symptoms. at first it was pancreatic cancer, then lun cancer, the stomach cancer etc. i have gotten help and have actually been partially hospitalized for my anxiety. for my regular health, got an abdominal ultrasound and all clear. at about he 6 month mark i started eating persistent headaches and that s when thins got really bad. at that point i was convinced i was dying so i went to my dr and told her about the headaches. although i suffer from migraines and have had bouts of persistent headaches in the past, she recommended a sinus x ray and a head mri just to be clear and so i could calm down. although the mri is this coming wednesday, i have been relatively stable for about 3 weeks, until yesterday that is. yesterday i was cleaning out my lawnmower and accidentally got a little bit of carburetor cleaner in my forehead. in order to make the sting go away, i went to the hose and but some water in my forehead, however, some water went into my nose and now i can t stop thinking about the brain eating amoeba. i live in pr so weather here is warm and i really cant function right now due to fear of the brain eating amoeba. any advice would be appreciated. tl, dr was doing good with n my health anxiety until i accidentally got tap water up my nose.
new here hey there! so, i've been lurking around for a few days and thought i should i produce myself. i'm a 33 year old stay at home mom to 2 boys. i was diagnosed with gad at 16. i was on medicine for less than a year, but quit taking it due to not liking the way it made me feel and not liking my dr, so i didn't want to go back . the anxiety seemed to calm down until my second son was born. i had my first panic attack 5 years ago, but thankfully don't have them often. the health anxiety started around that time too. in august 2016, i finally realized that things were getting bad and asked my gp for help for help and was put on medication and started seeing a counselor. then my husband went through some job changes, in 2017, and of course lost insurance for 3 months each time. then in october he accepted a job offer that moved us from texas to the midwest. my anxiety was behaving itself during the move and i thought that just maybe it would leave me alone. no such luck. by december, my anxiety was a houseguest of my brain that wouldn't leave. i made an appointment to talk to a dr next week, but now i've found out that she is a clinical social worker? i currently don't have insurance, but i feel that my current way of living is just not working and want to go back on the medicine. every time i feel an ache, pain, tickle, or sniffle, i freak out. worse, i'm doing the same thing to my kids and husband. i'm hoping to find a bit of community here and maybe one day, we will all be anxiety free! i'm sorry this is so long!
health anxiety? random abdominal pain, scared of going to the doctor and potentially hearing worst case scenario i ve had a lot going on since christmas. i lost my grandmother to cancer, i ve been sick, had a panic attack, felt grief out of nowhere for the first time which included pains, random anxiety, and somewhat a fear of my own health. i had diverticulitis at the end of october last year and it was the first time i realized oh wow. i m not invincible and there are more things than stomach aches with all of this going on, i ve also now started to feel a small pain around my gallbladder. it mainly happens when i m readjusting my position, sitting uncomfortably, etc. it feels almost swollen and like i m squishing it i m a bigger guy . i ve read things online for relief hoping it was just gas or it d go away on its own. it s definitely gotten better! when it s not hurting i d feel a pain in my lower right, or on my left side. all of these pains are a 0 3 max on the pain scale. i can t decide if i m just looking for something wrong, or if i m having health anxiety. i m just so scared to go to the doctor because i don t think i ve ever gone and heard good news. it feels like it s getting better over time, but i wonder if i m over analyzing every pain or feeling i feel now. i know i should go to the doctor, but i m scared of going and hearing i have to have surgery, or if i d hear hopefully it s just irritated from a bad diet and lack of exercise. lay off fatty foods and take 2 of these a day and you ll be all good
terrified of colon cancer hi everyone, i'm in full blown panic attack right now and i can't function properly because of it. i've practically convinced myself i have colon cancer. my symptoms are blood while defacating especially while constipated, but when i'm not i sometimes feel my anus hurt and see the blood on the paper then diarrhea, constipation pain on the right side of abdomen for over a year now, it comes and goes, now it's mostly in my upper back extreme fatigue i've had black stool once, but it was after drinking red wine so i thought then that's the cause i'm also scared the cancer is already in my bones spine, as my back often hurts and i can feel some kind of dent in my spine. i'm also diagnosed with severe anxiety duh , so sometimes it's hard to tell which symptoms are real for example my fiancee tells this dent in my spine it's just my muscles contracting because of my anxiety. the same can be said about diarrhea, fatigue... but then again, how do i know when it's anxiety and when it's real? i know i should just wait for the colonoscopy in 4 weeks, but i can't function properly right now. i've made mistake and visited a forum for colon cancer survivors and not only they all have symptoms similar to mine, but lot of them were very young, like me. my doctor told me it's probably ibs and hemorrhoids, but my mom had colon cancer at 50 and i've read it's getting more and more common in young people and here i am, crying myself to sleep every night, because i'm convinced i'm dying. what should i do?
anyone else have a 'weird feeling' on the left side of their body? like a sort of 'fullness' or that something is wrong. i've pretty much experienced this since i was an adolescent i'm 21 now. so basically, on the left side of my body, specifically the left breast, there is sometimes a benign feeling of 'fullness' and less commonly a dull sort of pain. it doesn't really radiate. sometimes when it happens and flares up, i feel it the most when i breathe deeply in and out. i do have precordial catch syndrome which is harmless , but i don't think that's what this is. i'm always convincing myself that it's angina and that i might have a heart attack, but then i remember i've had this feeling for so long in my life that i probably should have gotten one by now. even when i was young, i had an ekg done and everything came back just fine, and a cardiologist i saw was totally convinced that nothing is wrong with me and just sent me on my way. i'm so sick of having this feeling and i don't know what to think of it. and just recently, i've started to have weird sensations on the left side of my left hand, and sometimes below my left breast. there is also a point in my left breast that when i touch and rub, it actually hurts. i'm thinking this may be a muscle strain or tear, but those things don't really last for several years, no? to note this feeling isn't constant, it comes and goes. even when i forget about it, bam, it just comes out of nowhere. i have no other symptoms. zero breathing problems, no heartburn etc.
i don t know how to behave in group chats and it s destroying me mentally. so to start off, i don t have many friends and i don t participate in many discords, so i admit i m a little out of practice here. but recently my three cousins decided we should all be part of a group chat and rekindle the bond we had as kids. i was all for it, they re family and i love em, but just existing in this group chat is giving me some major anxieties. it also doesn t help that i have absolutely nothing in common with any of them. all they talk about is work, their s o s and gossip. they said we would be sending each other memes but every meme they ve sent so far have been the most unfunny monotonous tiktok reaction videos i ve ever seen. i don t even know how to respond to them so so far i just haven t. now after about 3 days the group chat is silent and i feel like they ve silently moved on. i just know it s going back to the usual where i only ever talk to them at family gatherings, which is another awkward thing i m going to stress about. i really am at a loss of how to handle myself, and i fear that if i eventually get into a group chat of other friend groups it ll go the same way. i ve tried joining discords before of varying sizes in the past, but nowadays everyone types so fast and gets their thoughts out in seconds. i feel like by the time my brain is even able to process what was said and think of a response, they ve already changed topics. has anyone else here had to deal with this kind of thing before?
als fear sending my life in a downward spiral. i don't know where to to turn other then to people who may be able to relate to me. every second of the day lately i have it in my head that i am going to pass away from als shortly. it all started about 1 2 weeks ago. i started having muscle twitches in my right arm and right thigh, and when i bend over to pick something up or when i squat, my right thigh muscles twitch and tremor uncontrollably. a few google searches later, als is popping up all over the place. it's been a constant worry now with every 5 10 minutes me getting up out of my chair to test my strength in my right leg. but every time i squat or try to balance on my right leg and bend at the knee, the tremors and twitches trigger in my right thigh like crazy. i have really horrible hmo insurance and it takes anywhere from 3 5 weeks for me to see a primary care physician. i have an appointment for 4 weeks from now with my pcp. but until then all i can do is sit back and hope for the best but expect the worst. i am in in a massive downward spiral now. i can't do anything but sit on my computer and research als. i don't want to go anywhere or do anything because in my head i want life to move as slowly as possible just incase i have not a lot of time left on this earth. i don't know where else to turn. i am so so so scared. 28 year old male . thank you anyone and everyone who took the time to read this. idk what writing my thoughts down will do, but i hope i can soak in some positive vibes.
rabies ha is driving me batty hi fellow anxiety sufferers amp x200b i've been good for months but my ha has decided to welcome the new year with a flare up. a few nights ago i was reading in my bedroom with the window open, when i heard some rustling flapping at the curtain. i went to take a look and couldn't see anything except for two large geckos. i guess they could have been chasing each other on the curtain, causing the rustling, but who knows. amp x200b anyway, i went back to the bed and was facing away from the window with my hand resting behind my head, when i felt a sharp sensation in one of my fingers. i looked around and couldn't see anything, and there were no puncture wounds or marks on my hand. amp x200b long story kinda short, i've convinced myself that a rabid bat flew into my room, snuck up on me, nipped my finger and then ninja'ed itself away this despite there being no actual sighting of a bat or any wound. amp x200b i realise how irrational and ridiculous this all sounds, but nonetheless, the fear of dying from rabies is real and it's driving me a little nutty. amp x200b just to mention that i don't live in a rabies hot spot, the incidence of rabies in humans from bat bites in my country is very low, and apparently fewer than 0.5 of the bat population is rabid. so... amp x200b i really just want to go get some rabies shots but i reckon my doctor will think i'm nuts. any advice on how to deal with this anxiety or any words to help put my mind at ease would be much appreciated!
health anxiety in peaks so.. i m 21 now and i have crazy health anxiety from the past two years. when i was 13 my mother was diagnosed with leukemia..she s fine now but i never came out of that trauma. i m really happy to have her by my side and i feel like i am the luckiest today.. but it has left a very bad effect on me. everyday i feel like i have a disease developing inside of me.. i m really really scared of cancer and any life threatening disease.. every week i have a new symptoms to worry about. i have constant heart palpitations. i ve tried a lot.. exercised, distracted myself but that fear never left me. and now i am at my worst. i feel lightheaded in the middle of nowhere, i have palpitations, disorientation, depression and i keep crying. i have loss of appetite, gastric trouble, chest pains and what not! and recently i just checked my blood pressure it came out to be 140 80 with a racing heart. this has been killing me since the past week. i m so scared now that i have hypertension and it s going to affect my health. because when i googled hypertension it showed lightheadedness as a symptom i also have another fear.. i can t get any tests done. i m really scared of getting them done bc i feel like they ll be something wrong and life can never get better. i haven t been to a psychiatrist yet.. because many people have told me that the drugs don t help and that they cause other side effects which aren t good for your body. i need help... should i get tests done or go to a psychiatrist??
is face burning sensations something that can be attributed to anxiety? my life has been a big mess since august. a dizziness episode triggered my health anxiety. i suspected ms did an mri, an ssep they found nothing. then, i moved onto als. nothing again. several neurologists said i had nothing but anxiety, and still i kept thinking the opposite. in january i woke up with my right side tingling pins and needles, followed by a toothache. of course, i googled these symptoms and found trigeminal neuralgia a condition that checks all the boxes of a hypochondriac nightmare. i had a cavity, did a root canal, the toothache disappeared. but the tingling is still here and around my eye i have been dealing with burning sensations eyelid, eyelashes, inside the eye. it's not unbearable and maddening like those who have trigeminal neuralgia say it is, but it's really uncomfortable. i've seen two major neurosurgeons about this, they said i didn't have trigeminal neuralgia. i don't know, i can't find peace, i'm always startled, nervous and expecting to be hit by a major wave of unbearable pain. i really don't know anything anymore. don't know if is my ha causing this, or if in fact i have this condition but doctors are simply being dismissive. one thing that makes me believe that my anxiety is the root is that the burning gets tuned down disappears when i'm distracted. but it hits me again when i'm alone at home working, for instance. oh well, long post already. anyone with similar experiences? thank you
just looking for some advice. first, a little backstory sorry if a bit long . up until last year i was an extremely sedentary 28yo weighing around 265 lbs. i started a new job that is fairly physical and since then i have dropped down to 230ish. well last week i was laying down and felt something i never felt before in my chest. i went to the doctor and he said it was almost certainly my xiphoid process. i also mentioned i had a general cough i us an e cigarette , as well as a periodical tingle under my right shoulder blade. other than those three things i felt completely normal . my doctor said everything felt normal , my blood pressure was normal , as was my pulse and he checked me out with a stethoscope. in the end he ordered an x ray to be certain. from that appointment up until i got my results i started stressing out tight chest, sweating, vomiting, trouble sleeping, just overall freaking out about what that x ray might show . low and behold i got my result and everything came back looking completely normal . although that is great news i haven't been able to ditch the tight chest, trouble sleeping with bad thoughts, and general feeling of just being uncomfortable. i also wear a fitbit to work and constantly find myself checking my heart rate between 59 when i sleep and 120ish when i'm up working . sorry for the wall of text, i am just hoping someone here could give me some tips on managing this stress. i have a yearly physical next month that can't get here soon enough. thank you.
this has become devastating. m 24 so. i ve always been a worrier. worried about everything since i was little. i ve struggled with ocd, and anxious thoughts for a long time. however, it seems that since a er visit in the summer, i ve been super aware of aches and pains more than i have in the past. it had led me down a road of constant deliberations on my own health. i have dealt with chest pain, lower extremity pain, and seemingly much more. december was a rough month for me. a lot of stress about jobs and life changes. however, it seemed my health anxiety became insane. heartburn ruined my christmas. i have become so anxious. however, i am seemingly now facing my biggest challenge yet. for about a week now, possibly two. i have felt a small fluttering in my right abdomen. i have also been bloated and am constipated. i think it s important to mention, i am not the best eater. missing meals, not eating enough, eating one large meal a day, reliance on cereal. however, i went to see the doctor and she had said it was constipation. she prescribed some glyencol and said to up my fiber, and improve my diet. however, my intestines in the last three days have begun to contract or spasm. almost like waves reverberating inside me. it s not entirely stopping me from living, but it s simply awful to feel. so now i fear the worst. i just want to live my life. the saddest part about ha is the fear that something could be wrong. i just needed to vent. this subreddit has been helpful. thank you.
scared of klinefelters i seem to have alot of the symptoms for it, low confidence, insecure and anxious and emotional, i didn't fit in and i admittedly have some feminine behaviors and i can't grow that much hair. im 17 though, i have hair on my lower feet and the hair on my arms are coming in i guess , i got wide hips but i got big shoulders and i'm tall. i can only grow facial hair on mustache and chin though it takes a month or two to become somewhat fullish looking but my dad didn't grow facial hair until he was 22. as a kid i was described as somewhat masculine, never picked up girl toys and etc but i guess that doesn't really matter. the doctors diagnosed me as autistic when i was 7 and people sometimes confuse klinefelter behavior for autism but i have a high verbal iq and i can type fast. my iq is 100 but idk. i'm going to get my testosterone tested soon this monday i'm hoping, i'm going to ask the doctor about it. but i'm really terrified and anxious, because this would mean everything i thought in my life up until now would be a lie and i also wont be able to have any kids which is the number one thing i want in life is to have kids. the symptoms of klinefelters seems to vary so i'm just worried on having it, the only thing i really care is about the most is if i'm able to have kids with my girlfriend. i'm just making this post here to vent, sorry if its a bit of a nuisance, i'll delete it soon. edit yeah i also have a history of hypochondria, i'm just really worried.
final exams coming up. host of issues... hey everyone, i m in the middle of a panic attack right now and this is my best option as it s the middle of the night and i can t talk to anyone right now. i have final exams next week and i ve been very stressed out lately, and although most people tend to overeat when they re stressed, i am the type of person who feels nauseous and does not like the thought of food during stress. anyways, this past week or so i was sick with a sore throat and developed a sore neck that still keeps reappearing. on top of that, today my left leg started hurting in a specific spot and i m pretty sure something happened to my muscle. my anxiety has been elevated because after a night out over the weekend, my friend took pictures and although all our eyes had a white reflection from the flash, one of my eyes was especially white in multiple pictures. i have read about concerning disorders that can be a cause to the white flash, so i immediately went into panic mode. i have been experiencing problems with this eye and suspicions of glaucoma by one doctor, and overall my eye has been especially red lately. i can t help but think something is seriously wrong but i keep reassuring myself that it s probably just because i m a heavy contact lens wearer and my eyes need some oxygen and relaxation. i made an appointment with my eye doc to make sure. in the meantime, i m trying my best to calm down and forget everything so i can study and not jeopardize my future.
back here again damn colon cancer. i'm afraid again and it seems more palpable than ever. this started two years ago after getting some blood work done. i got in my head that i could have colon cancer. all my symptoms began after all results were good. i started having some light blood on my stool a line here and there . then my right lymph node grew, then shrunk, then grew and so on it's still swollen but smaller . then i started having diarrhea and watery dolls with a feeling of incomplete evacuation. then i started noticing my skin is getting pale, more visible veins. i sometimes see myself going from normal to pale to normal a couple of times in a day . i do the palmar crease pallor test almost constantly now. i noticed that my fingernails were either pale or blue ish sometimes started thinking of iron deficiency and that scares the cap out of me . then i started feeling weaker, tired, after very little effort should note that i put on 10 kg in this time . arms started feeling weaker, got some armpit pain, chest pain, etc. then my back started hurting. my lower left back. sometimes my lower right too. then it started hurting more and more often. now it hurts along my left leg as well as left hip. i read a post a while ago that said the op was diagnosed after very similar symptoms, so naturally i started freaking out again. now i'm seeing some similar stuff with my dad and it really drives me back to freaking out. i don't know what to do anymore. i'm at the end of my rope.
i can't remember a day when i wasn't worried about dying... hi all i'm a 26yo male that's been suffering from health anxiety for pretty much ever it seems. i've run the gauntlet of tests, doctor visits, and scans with my results always coming back negative, yet i'm never satisfied. i always have this sneaking suspicion i'm the 0.1 that is sick and doctors cannot diagnose. for the past 2.5 years i've had a swollen lymph node 1cm on the side of my neck, and lower on my neck i can feel multiple squishy, tinier lymph nodes. i've had ultrasounds many times, and even a biopsy for a swollen node in my groin that came back negative for anything strange. today i found a swelling in my armpit and now i'm in crisis mode once again. every day with this feels like a battle i must constantly convince myself that i'm healthy when deep down, part of me believes i'm not. every time i think i've made progress it all comes rushing back in like the tide and i'm completely derailed again. i'm so fed up with this and it's clearly no way to live. i never think about the future at all because i can't picture lasting long enough to have a future. i know this is kind of a rambling wall of text, i just needed to get this out somewhere because everyone i talk to in my personal life just tells me what to do to feel better. to change my thoughts, to eat healthier, to be more active, yet when these thoughts occur it's like i'm completely overwhelmed and i don't feel like i have a choice. i guess that's it.
dealing with als anxiety hi all, this is my first post here, but i've found the content extremely helpful as i've tried to manage my anxiety about als for the last week or so. i'm a 30 year old male, in what i would consider very good health, but since an incident 2 weeks ago i've had extreme and debilitating health anxiety about having terminal cancer or als. it started with numbness and tingling in my feet, legs, and eventually groin after watching a live basketball game in an uncomfortable chair. i was already worried due to a urinary issue that started a week before this incident and has since resolved so i think i was a bit more on edge than normal. anyway, since this event i've had the perception of weakness in my body and the feeling comes and goes. i don't have any evidence of actual weakness, but when i think about lifting weights i dont think i can lift the same amount that i'm used to. as a result, i'm compelled to do strength tests with objects around me. it's a nightmare. to make matters worse my thumb on my left hand had been twitching slightly for 2 days now. i can see a visible pulsation in my hand near the base of my thumb and hand. i'm thinking my thumb may be twitching as a result of whatever artery vein is there, but i'm really scared. i've gone to a few doctors over the last few weeks urologist and nurse practitoner and they haven't flagged anything as a cause for concern. i'm set to see my pcp on friday. als fear is consuming my life... can anyone help?
feeling as blue as the planet is warm tw climate change i am 22 yo and i've been studying to become a lawyer for the past 6 years. i'm on the verge of finishing my studies and i ask myself what's the point? how are we supposed to keep living as if things were normal, as if society was not rushing towards a brick wall? i've been worried about the environment for years, especially feeling helpless and seeing governments and multinationals not giving a damn. in order not to be crushed with worry, i held onto the idea that, at worse, our generation would be okay and it's the next one which would suffer the big consequences. in reality, it's hard to be that optimistic, especially as ipcc reports get more serious and worrying every time they're issued. the idea that society is on the verge of collapse feels more realistic as time goes by. i'm scared that it will not be able to adapt to climate change, that we will die or live in a post apocalyptic world. i'm scared and i feel helpless, especially as a future lawyer because i don't see the use in lawyers in such a situation. i'm feeling depressed because i feel like my studies are pointless. i don't see how lawyers can be useful to save the world. i feel like it's too late for lawyers to be helpful in urgent times, as law is such a slow process. i feel like what we need are people in the field scientists, real politicians, essential jobs, etc. i feel useless, and i feel really unmotivated to keep on working for my master's thesis.
brain tumor worry hey everyone! i'm so glad i just found this sub because i've been struggling with health anxiety for almost my entire life, although it has gotten worse over the past two years. usually i worry about stomach viruses and things related to throwing up, as that is my worst fear, but i've also worried about appendicitis, a stroke, epilepsy, leg cancer, and right now, a brain tumor. my health anxiety has had a profound effect on my life, especially in my transition to college, and it often limits me from eating, going out with friends, and even leaving my room. i get migraines often, but my most recent headache is a little different. yesterday, i had this weird pressure feeling on the top of my head, and eventually got one of my normal migraines. it went away this afternoon when i took two advil, but the pressure feeling is still there. i don't know how to describe it, it's not really a pain but it just feels weird and a brain tumor was my first thought. i haven't had any other typical brain tumor symptoms, but i have been getting nosebleeds recently, which i've heard can be related to seizures. people have told me not to be ridiculous because brain tumors are so rare. i know brain tumors are uncommon, but i've known three people that have had brain cancer, one of whom passed away about a year and a half ago i didn't know her very well but it was still incredibly sad. i just really hope i don't have one. do my symptoms sound like typical brain tumor symptoms?
brain tumor worry hey everyone! i'm so glad i just found this sub because i've been struggling with health anxiety for almost my entire life, although it has gotten worse over the past two years. usually i worry about stomach viruses and things related to throwing up, as that is my worst fear, but i've also worried about appendicitis, a stroke, epilepsy, leg cancer, and right now, a brain tumor. my health anxiety has had a profound effect on my life, especially in my transition to college, and it often limits me from eating, going out with friends, and even leaving my room. i get migraines often, but my most recent headache is a little different. yesterday, i had this weird pressure feeling on the top of my head, and eventually got one of my normal migraines. it went away this afternoon when i took two advil, but the pressure feeling is still there. i don't know how to describe it, it's not really a pain but it just feels weird and a brain tumor was my first thought. i haven't had any other typical brain tumor symptoms, but i have been getting nosebleeds recently, which i've heard can be related to seizures. people have told me not to be ridiculous because brain tumors are so rare. i know brain tumors are uncommon, but i've known three people that have had brain cancer, one of whom passed away about a year and a half ago i didn't know her very well but it was still incredibly sad. i just really hope i don't have one. do my symptoms sound like typical brain tumor symptoms?
tingling left chin and other parts should i be concerned? hi guys, so straight into it i was stressing panic attack probably about my brother s health he got leukaemia a few years ago because i had thought it had came back. also been pretty depressed thinking about in the past 2 months never knew how bad it was . now when i was worried about this, i felt a tingling sensation on my left chin. this was around two weeks. maybe 4 times or so this has happened, however recently it feels like it has been more recurring not sure if focusing on it has to do with it . i was super stressed thinking i ve got cancer so i got my cbc, which there was no issue with. now i went to the dentist today and told him about the tingling. he said to me to get an x ray and he really wasn t sure why it was like that. my wisdom teeth had came through and he was pretty stern on me getting it checked. that scared me a decent amount, he said that x ray will show what the problem is. since this ordeal and getting the all clear after the cbc, i will get random tingling throughout my body for a few seconds in small sports it goes away. as soon as i move my limb or finger, they go away i ve also been a bitch more itchy of late and get the occasional sharp pains. however apart from this i ve been fine no other symptoms eating a lot, lots of energy, no headaches, not feeling tired, no blood in stool and no night sweats. i m just concerned what this could be. should i be concerned? thanks guys love you all!
ha with starting new medications a few years ago, i was placed on a mood stabilizer to treat bpd and the first night that i took it i got extremely dizzy, my heart rate spiked, and i spent the next two days in bed unable to think straight because everything was just fuzzy and i couldn't concentrate or find the energy to function. ever since, i've been petrified of starting new medications. a few times now, my psychiatrist has put me on something and i didn't even start taking it because i would take to the internet to double check possible side effects and suddenly become too afraid to. i always worry starting something new, wondering if this one will have another frightening effect, if i'll have an allergic reaction, if it'll interfere with my heart condition, etc basically, i always end up terrified to start taking something, because i'm convinced it will be dangerous, or at least will make me feel worse than whatever it's treating. today, after seeing my psychiatrist again, i've been given a new prescription, this time for strattera to treat the adhd i just got diagnosed with very recently. strattera is the only safest option for me right now, as stimulants definitely will aggravate my heart condition. but so many people online i peeked around r adhd and a few other places say it made them feel absolutely horrible, with more side effects than benefits, and now i'm back to being terrified to take it. has anyone else struggled with this at all? is there a way around it?
swollen lymph node, goes away as fast as it inflames repost from askdocs as far as i remember, this began this past summer. one of my armpits would get a painful feeling, almost as if i pulled a muscle or so, but no lump or anything. then a couple of days later, it would be painful and a lump and what i figure to be a lymph node. it's never more than 1 inflamed at a time under 1 armpit. it used to be just the left, but this morning i woke up with one under my right. i would say the frequency is about 1 flare up every 2 to 4 weeks, moreso on the side of a month. and no bigger than a pea, or maybe m amp m. i can't really tell since i touch it, but sometimes the skin appears reddish underneath, sometimes it doesn't. they eventually go down again and no pain and it feels fine. i don't ever have any symptoms of being sick, as in cough, fever, chills, etc. everything is pretty normal beside the lymph node if it is that flaring up. so, something more serious to worry about and go see my pc or just let it be? could they be cysts that flare up and then go back down? it's not the same lump either, the location changes too. i do have history of healthy anxiety my fear is lymphoma and i've been to the doc plenty of times this past year already and would rather not for something like this, especially when it goes away. i should mention, not sure if this matters, but i had changed deodorants around the same time frame, from deo antiperspirant to just a deodorant. anyone got an idea?
let s talk coping strategies i love this sub. everyone has been super open and supportive. in my short time following, i have felt a sense of belonging here because all of you seem to really understand how it feels to deal with ha. for me it s an stressful, frustrating, terrifying condition that leaves me paralyzed with fear and exhausted from sleepless nights of searching the internet for reassurance. i definitely get the temptation to post here looking for reassurance from each other that our symptoms are benign but let s take some time to talk coping. i would love to know what you do to cope when the anxiety takes over. perhaps we can help each other cope a bit instead of reassuring each other that we are healthy. i ve shared my two tips before, the first is to allow myself a few moments a day to think about my worry. i give it space to exist without doing anything to correct it. i recognize that it s there and then put it back on an imaginary shelf to visit again tomorrow. the rest of the day i do what i can to keep it there. sometimes i even say no, i ll talk to you later! it s worth noting that this strategy doesn t always work but sometimes days go by and my anxiety has been kept at a manageable level. the other one is for full on panic attacks i pick out 3 things i can hear, smell, see, and if possible, taste. sometimes doing this mindful activity can give my brain body the space to rest for a moment.... long enough to calm down a bit. anything work for you?
im 19 y o and my hair is thinning and more worrying symptoms i first noticed my hair thinning two months ago. i've always had thick hair that would grow pretty quickly. now my hair's gotten thin and quite dry. the thinning is more extreme on the sides of my head with visible patches at the top there arent any such patches but still thinning and dryness . i impulse bought biotin tablets to help with the thinning, but im hesistant to take them at the moment since nothing's been diagosed yet. but it's not just the hair. i have also been getting, although not frequent, a tingling sensation in my right fingers, and sometimes on a whole hand at times. more recently, say the last week or so, my vision's gotten blurry. i don't know if the blurred vision is permanent and i've just gotten use to it, or not, but ive definitely had these phases. ive looked up my 'symptoms' and what's come up are thyroid conditions, b12 deficiencies and a whole load more. with b12 deficiency in particular, its symptoms seem to align with mine pretty closely. other than my symptoms ive mentioned already, b12 deficiency symptoms include 'tiredness' and 'memory loss' i feel like i have these, or atleast they're more pronounced recently ive always been fairly forgetful . im genuinely worried if i have some serious conditon. ive booked an appointment with my doctor and hopefully i can get however many of these symptoms i actually have sorted. sorry for this being so long winded. stay healthy friends.
looking for perspective i f18 have been given the diagnosis of gad generalized anxiety disorder and it has taken an extraordinary toll on my physical health. i am in a constant state of fight or flight and i ve never been in this much pain in my life. it s the kind of pain people kill themselves from. i am constantly shaking and throwing up. this constant stress has given me the diagnosis of ibs irritable bowel syndrome . i had to go to multiple doctors as ibs is hard to diagnose. the stomach pain triggers the anxiety and the anxiety triggers the stomach pain so basically i m constantly in both mental and physical pain. however i believe it goes deeper than gad. it doesn t stop. it s not attacks either it doesn t come or go.. it stays. i ve taken benzos and they don t do shit for me and neither does any depression or anxiety medications. i wish i could be sedated so i don t have to be awake and in pain. there have been a few incidents where i had to go to the hospital and beg to be sedated or at least booty juiced or something that would put me to sleep. luckily i found lamictal and it has saved my life. i honestly don t think i would be alive today if it hadn t been for modern medicine. but this still raises the question of what is actually wrong with me. i m thinking of this because my lamictal is beginning to lose its effect and i have to increase my dose every couple of weeks. i couldn t get a therapy appointment scheduled until late june so i m kinda fucked.
losing sleep over losing sleep i might have a stomach ulcer. maybe, probably? i went to a doctor who said i might have an ulcer, but didn't do any tests. two weeks later i went to an urgent care doctor because i had been up 30 hours with discomfort and nausea. they did a blood test and said i was h. pylori negative, but i'd been on prilosec for nearly two weeks and apparently that can affect the test outcome. was told to keep taking the prilosec. about a week later i went back to urgent care because i was still losing sleep over nausea. on three or four occasions i have woken up in the middle of the night overheated and needing to vomit, almost fainting in the process. i also have pretty consistent abdominal pain across the entirety of my abdomen, which worries me because google says that i'd feel pain only in the middle. i have really bad anxiety and this health crisis has spiraled me into depression as well. i've changed my entire lifestyle in the last month over this all i eat are carrots, potatoes, apples, peanut butter, and yogurt. all i drink is water. everything i do i scrutinize and i'm horribly afraid something will happen to my supposed ulcer and i'll bleed out especially since i'm away at college and hours from my family . has anyone dealt with and been officially diagnosed with an ulcer? i'm seeing a specialist in two weeks to hopefully be diagnosed, but i'm having a hard time waiting and would like to know if anyone has experienced anything similar.
freaking out,cant live like this! please help me someone i am a 21 year old from india and i grew up in a terrible household my parent's used to fight daily, the house was extremely dirty and full of dust while i am extremely allergic to dust, i used to cry myself to sleep everyday since i was fur till i was about 14 in 2011 i went into deep deep depression and didn't step out from my house till 2013 and then in april 2014 i started hearing this extremely loud noise in my left ear whenever i would swallow but because i was extremely depressed i didn't go to the doctor to get it treated and now it has been 5 years since it started and i have heard this loud screecy noise everytime i have swallowed in the last 5 years,in feb this year i realized that my life matters and i should do something about it so i went to an ent he gave me some nasal spray and meds didn't see any difference went to another one and that doc said that everyone hears a sound when we swallow so just get used to it, now i am having some vitamin d tablets and some anti allergic tablets and the screchy noise sometimes gets quieten but now i have this anxiety about not remembering how it used to feel to swallow without this screechy noise cause i have forgotten it in the past five years and any and every noise in my ears during swallowing irritates me and i see no cure for it and am thinking of suicide,sometimes i think what had i done to someone to have deserved so much pain in 21 years of life!
advice i ve been dealing with some anxiety issues my whole life. i ve had lots of trama and was diagnosed with adhd as a young child. never being able to focus and always the most loud and distributive in school . i used to stay up at night as a kid because after watching the slightest scary movie i would be afraid. anyways the point of the backstory is to give you a sense of who i was. lately within the past year my anxiety has been through the roof. i find it very hard to focus and have lots of thoughts at once. even some that just pop into my head. i can hear other peoples tone of voice. not like big conversation. my anxiety was so high i was getting lots of physical symptoms heart palpitations, chest pain, shortness of breath to which i thought i had a heart problem. so i went to the doctors and got all the tests and didn t believe my heart was fine until i got the results. i thought about this everyday. to which now i think this might had been a delusion. my point is i m very worried i m developing schizophrenia. my family does have a history of mental health issues.i know this post is confusing and if i m worried about my mental health i should see a doctor. but i m just looking for advice. edit i would like to add that for a long time when i went home after a long day i could not relax to fall asleep. my mind would be racing. the only way i could describe it is like a radio. in order to drown it out i would have to put on music to fall asleep.
i think my ex might have given me something... i 22f have been feeling really off lately. when i wake up i have a headache and i feel dizzy when i bend over. it also hurts to swallow, which just went away today. i noticed today when i woke up i didn't have a headache nor was i dizzy, but right after i ate breakfast the dizziness and headache came back. along with all of this, i also have very mild aches in my arms and hands from time to time. this has been happening since the 27th, so seven days overall. it has not been getting worse, but i notice my headaches get worse when i eat the breakfast food at my dining hall. i'm a college student that lives on campus i don't think its a cold because i'm not coughing or sneezing and i don't have a fever. i took a sti test yesterday just to rule out any possibility of me having anything and the results are coming back monday, tuesday at the latest. i had a boyfriend of 4 months who said he was clean but we still mostly used condoms. the first month we were dating the condom broke during sex and his semen got inside of me. this is what is making me freak out i have something and why i got tested. tldr the past seven days i've had mild body aches, headaches with dizziness after i eat and sometimes right in the morning when i wake up. i'm freaking out that i might have hiv because the condom broke while i was having sex with my ex 6 months ago. he told me he was clean but we still made it a habit to use condoms
scared to start meds scared of feeling off so i have been suffering from awful derealization depersonalisation, anxiety, ocd, and panic attacks for a couple of years now but it s always come and gone. ever since last year after going through a traumatic event it s shifted my entire life to now only being able to focus on my anxiety. there are days that i get better and days where i have bad flair ups. i actively go to therapy and have recently started seeing a psychiatrist and nutritionist to see if i could figure out how to solve all these issues especially the derealization as it causes me to feel so out of it and almost high 24 7 as it has been prevalent for the last year especially now. i have been prescribed zoloft before but i had the absolute worst adverse reaction to it and has made me terrified to start any ssris. recently my psychiatrist had prescribed me prozac but my therapist and nutritionist advise me against it as they do not think that my case is that severe. where i am currently having an issue with is the fact that my biggest fear ocd trigger is not feeling normal such as the fear of weed and i typically stay away from alcohol as i do not like how i feel when i drink. i am so scared to start meds or even vitamins that contain magnesium because i am so afraid of the high feeling or derealization feeling but now don t know where to go from here. if anyone has advice on how to get over this substance ocd i would greatly appreciate it.
anxiety or actually ill? so i don't know where to start this so i'm just gonna get to the point. i'm an otherwise healthy 20 y o female and last week my legs started feeling very itchy. then, the itching moved upwards to my torso and arms. on wednesday i noticed two strange rashes on my arms and decided to see a doctor because the itching was just horrible. he said it's probably an allergy and that he can't do much until i figure out at least if it's food or something enviromental causing the problem, and he gave me allergy pills to ease my itching and rashes. he said to take two if the rashes reappear. so the next day, when i got another one on my arm, i took just one pill, and they stopped appearing. the next day, i took one more just to be sure and the itching and rashes were totally gone by friday. now, the problem is, on friday i thought my breathing was a bit more labored than usual. it's probably all in my brain but the feeling hasn't gone away. if i put my mind to something else, i'm fine, but as soon as i start thinking about it, i get panicky. it's been the same for 4 days now, and i'm not sure what to do about it. also, on friday, when i had lunch i ate very little until i started feeling very sick. the same on saturday and sunday. is it all due to my anxiety? i'm nervous to see a doctor because i don't want him to think i'm making stuff up, because i was just at his office a few days ago, and now i'd show up with another problem. helppp
i recently got diagnosed with gad and need help with how to cope with potential panic attacks monday i have a panic attack and was diagnosed with gad. i'm only 18 years old and i do stress and i have had anxiety before but not that i've had a full on panic attack i feel like it's taking over my everyday things. last night i had one and this morning when i woke up i almost had one but i managed through it. so far i've been outside and that helps me but doesn't make it go away fully. i went to eat at a restaurant and right when i walked it i got panicky and couldn't eat my food because i couldn't hold it down and i had to swallow the 2 bites i did take with water. i know this is temporary and i plan to work out and get a therapist and maybe take meds but is there anything i can remember to know for next time? it hasn't been a full week and i've had 2 panic attack and almost another. i'm anxious about being anxious cause that will trigger a possible attack panic attacks make it feel like i'm having a heart attack or anything life threating. i should enjoy life but ik this is something that will take some time to deal with. my hands shake a little and i still have a fast heart beat even when i don't feel panicky. it also feels like a pit in my stomach is waiting for a thought to pop up for me to panic. when waking up today i panicked and walking it off reminded me of monday when i walking and had the panic attack. anything i should know for next time?
how do i handle moving forward when it was actually something this time? i know no one can answer this and i m rambling. i ve had health injury anxiety most of my life. it s progressed from simple illness anxiety as a kid i was genuinely terrified of throwing up in school. still am but as an adult i feel that control to get myself out of a situation when i feel sick to now as a 45 year old person worrying about more serious things. a few years ago i was convinced i was having a heart attack. you know the drill, typical symptoms but all the while i kinda knew i wasn t. but something was wrong. turns out i have graves disease hyperthyroid. it s auto immune so now the statistic that one autoimmune usually means multiple has freaked me out. i have symptoms but they are not typical hyperthyroid sometimes and now i have this history of that one time it actually was something. graves disease isn t that serious considering the big picture, though. and i did something incredibly stupid. i did a 23 and me health analysis thing. major dumb. i don t even have the results yet but here i go. i guarantee i will suddenly have 100 more diseases by the end of next month. and i know that one time, i was right. something was wrong. any kind of therapy or acknowledgement of my fears is strictly forbidden in my family. we just don t do that. we suck it up and move on. if my husband only could hear my inner thoughts i think he d leave me. or have me committed at least.
how do you cope with bad stool anxiety? gross? i've been struggling with this particular health anxiety for some months now. i've been suffering heavily from health anxiety for 9 months now. but this isn't some muscle ache or dizziness i can just ignore. the stool keeps going from having weeks where it's too soft, to weeks where it's semi back to normal . sometimes i see small red...bits? in it. when i went to my doctor about it the first time, i performed a couple of feces tests. i got a slightly elevated white blood cell count on one of them. then like 2 months ago i cried hysterically because i started dripping fresh red blood after a visit. doctor discovered that there was a small hemorroid near the opening. i've done more tests much later on, so far they've come out negative, i have one more test i need to do that is quite time consuming. he assured me that it's way too rare that it can be colon cancer i'm 20 and have no history and that he sees no real reason to worry. but i'm relapsing again two weeks after feeling fine about it. i got a very small amount of blood. i know it's much more likely that it was a tear cause it hurt quite a bit coming out. but it awakened the beast from it's slumber... i just don't know how to ignore stuff like this and carry on. it's not like a muscle pain which can be anything and ignored. it's too visual and clear to my eyes. tldr how do you deal with a visual symptom like finding something bad in your feces?
does this sound like you? i have health anxiety. it sucks, but i find a lot of comfort reading posts here from people who suffer the same thing. i haven t beaten it, but i m so much better than i was 7 years ago. here s some of the things that go through my head is that gas pain or is this the heart attack? i should check my pulse to make sure 20 times a day i used to never get headaches, must be cancer! my mouth is sore... gotta be cancer. i slept too much and am still tired. definitely on my death bed. my eyes are red today. not dry eyes, definitely cancer. lemme check my strength to make sure i am not getting als feel kinda weak today. definitely cancer and not exhaustion from 9 hours of work. that s the second time i ve had diarrhea this week probably cancer and not my ibs. feeling a bit chilled i ll be dead by tomorrow. likely cancer. haven t i already had a cold this year? two in one year must be cancer. shit lemme check my pulse again... sore shoulders? cancer from that sunburn i got 15 years ago probably. slight cough? definitely cancer from second hand smoke. these may sound silly but are things that have gone through my head, obsessively, for years. i get blood work done every year and it always comes back outstanding. sometimes it helps to see how silly it looks. edit forgot to add my personal favorite is that spot on my body sore? lemme poke it and prod it 100 times over the course of the day. shit, it s sore now. gotta be cancer
my hair was cut accidentally way too short and ended up as a karen cut, i was already anxious but now i can t leave my house. i need advice i went for a haircut yesterday because my anxiety has been awful. i had a ct scan this week, my ocd returned in full force, my house is a disaster, etc. i just wanted to feel pretty. i went for just a trim and to color my roots so i would have my normal chin length bob that i curl. it s the best cut i ve ever had, however, my stylist and i don t blame him at all misunderstood me because i communicated poorly and chopped off all of my hair, and stacked it so i have nothing but layers. to make it worse i m prematurely gray, i thought it would be nice to blend in my natural gray streak with some color to highlight it but make it look a little more intentional. i now look like i m a mix between cruela de vil and a 60 year old that screams at target employees. i m devastated. i m mourning my hair and embarrassed to leave my home. i don t even want to go for therapy today. i couldn t sleep. i know it grows back but to get to the point i want it will take over 6 months. i didn t want a pixie and my jaw looks cartoonish. i m not usually concerned how i look but i spent so much time trying to style it to fix it. i tried curling it to no avail. i tried to wet it down and with my natural hair i ended up a poodle. i just want to cry, i want my stomach to stop hurting, i want to sleep and not worry. what can i do?
how to get over anxiety fight or flight when people are in my personal space all the time?? hi everyone. i noticed my anxiety over the past couple months has gotten worse. i used to maintain decently w cbd here and there, but i find that i'm getting frustrated or my fight or flight is seriously kicking in for context, just shopping in a store the other day. i'm reaching for a can of food and my bf is near me. suddenly, a middle aged man w a cart barrels through towards me and an employee is inches from me, reaching for items directly below me. i suddenly moved so i wouldn't be touched or run over by this guy w the cart. no 'pardon me' 'excuse me', nothing. this morning i come to do my laundry at my local laundromat. i usually chat w a little old lady here but she usually gets in my personal space to clean literally crumbs from the floor. i am putting laundry in and i'm suddenly butt to butt with the laundry attendant, a woman comes in w a body bag sized laundry bag and almost hits me w it and i try to back up and the laundry woman is directly behind me, inches behind me i finished loading the laundry and went to my car for a deep breath. i called my bf to vent and he understands mostly how i feel. i also am starting to feel like an emotional burden to him. idk how to cope anymore. i feel like i'm on edge all the time. any tips would be amazing. i don't have health insurance so i can't be seen by a doctor anytime soon thanks for listening
how to control heart rate while at the doctors? hi! so not only do i have health anxiety, but i have a horrible fear of the doctor. it's something new that started right around the same time as my health anxiety yay while i have a resting heart rate in the upper 70s, my heart rate shoots at the doctor because i'm so anxious even into the 140s. that's the biggest issue i have with my anxiety, is my heart just starts to race, and once it starts to race i panic even more. it takes a while to convince the doctor that it's not normally like that i show them my apple watch averages lol and usually they'll take it at the end too i've basically trained myself to be so scared when they do take it, so right after they take it, i'm absolutely fine and the anxiety is gone . amp x200b however i have a cardiology appointment for this monday. i have it because although my heart rate is in the upper 70s sometimes lower 80s while resting, it shoots up terribly with doing just basic things think 120 130 while cleaning house, etc . this is newer for me, my heart rate used to shoot up into the 110s, but not as high as it has been getting. i'm freaking out because this entire appointment is basically everything i'm already afraid of at the doctor! amp x200b does this happen to anyone else? it happens to my mom, too, but she has never been able to cope fix it. i'm looking for something to hopefully calm me down in the actual office before the appointment.
feeling dreadful after best friend didn't want me to come on night i know this feeling is unjust, but i can't help but feeling dreadfully anxious and sad that my best friend didn't want me at a night on the weekend. i'd been excluded before in this group of friends when they went on holiday last year together. i was really upset then and just so happened to be very down at that time anyway so i ended up bringing it up and we got into a huge fight where he said he hadn't meant to and these things just happened, but also, i needed to back off. so this weekend, he said he'd got a ticket for this night but downplayed it like it was only him and another guy and not the whole group going. but everyone from that group went. he said he hadn't known they were but i'm sure that's not true and now on reflection, they had probably planned it for months. i know i have no right feeling this way, people can do what they want but i can't help but feeling really sad about it, like he didn't want me there for a reason and after last time, i don't want to mention anything because i don't think he'd take it well. i know we should be able to do different things, and i'm not saying otherwise but i know everyone in this group and wonder why he didn't want me there. it's making me feel pretty low. we live together but i'm moving out next week, and a part of me is worried he'll slowly cut me out of his life. how can i stop feeling like this? i feel pathetic
embarrassed ashamed and defeated my health anxiety had been terrible lately. honestly if i described my symptoms to certain people they would have probably suggested i got to the hospital. anyway my latest worries are that i seem to feel like i'm struggling for breath at times and having random heart palpitations. this is one of those situations where as a sufferer of health anxiety your brain puts you on the spot and you have to make a decision. do you a write it off as anxiety and try your best to get on with life. b jump to a conclusion that you are probably dying and seek medical advise. guess what i did. after the doctor listened to my heart and lungs and said it sounds fine but we'll do some blood work as i hadn't had any in a while and an ecg just to be sure. so i spent all christmas worrying that i'm dying of a serious lung or heart problem and today the day finally came for the blood test and ecg. now even the thought of blood work makes me feel sick. i layed on the bed and had the ecg done and when it came to the blood test she stuck the needle in and i had a panic attack and she couldn't get the blood from me. i am so embarrassed and ashamed of myself i can't remember feeling any lower. i tried to hard and iv been worrying about this whole thing for quite a while. now i'm convinced i'm gonna get a phone call saying to immediately come in because i have a serious condition. i just really need a shoulder to cry on i think.
very scared about having an appointment scheduled at a cancer center. so april 18th i went to a free clinic because i can t afford healthcare, i had acid reflux. but the doctor ordered my feces to be examined for ulcers, that checked out fine, they also drew blood to see if i was ok. they scheduled a return appointment to see how my acid reflux was doing. the next day in a voicemail they left a message saying it was very important of me to keep my appointment bc my thyroid levels were low. i kept it. returned for the appointment which was about 2 3 weekend later. we talked about my acid reflux for like a minute and then everything shifted to my thyroid. she said i have hyperthyroidism and she wanted my neck to be scanned to see what kinda of treatment i needed which could be a pill taken for 1 3 years, surgery or radiation. the radiation part alarmed me so i asked immediately if it was cancer, smiling she said no. i went home looked up the symptoms of hyperthyroidism but only 1 or 2 seem to match. a week later i called back bc i never got a call to schedule my appointment they said i would be called monday, again no call, wednesday i get a call and i was scheduled for the appointment which is a 2 day process for some reason. monday at 9 00, later at 2 00 then tuesday at 9 00 again. it s also in a cancer center which worries me so much and i can t stop thinking about it. should i relax? does anyone see anything positive in this?
how to escape an ha hole when the symptoms persist? i ve been sick for awhile with a diagnosed but generally not serious sinus infection, but lately i ve been noticing some other things which i won t mention so you don t fall down the same hole im in and those things of course led me to the worst possible idea googling my symptoms. i came across something rare, sporadic, and deadly of course and i m now constantly worried that it s something that could be far more serious. even though i went to my general practitioner for the sinus infection today and mentioned the other strange symptom, i didn t mention the name of the specific thing i think i could have because it felt ridiculous and the symptoms were subsiding. he felt the area and chalked it up to side effects of the sinus infection, but of course since he didn t specifically say it s not and the symptoms have come back, i m now back to spiraling between you re just making it worse and maybe i should make sure just to be safe. any advice to get my mind off of the possibility when i still feel like i m feeling the symptoms? i have this huge urge to go back to a doctor and get specific reassurance, but i know that s problematic in the long run and could end up getting expensive for no real reason. not to mention i d feel a bit ridiculous. really starting to think i should see a psych, as i haven t since my anxiety began as a more generalized disorder a little over a year ago
wanted to share one of my coping methods in case any of you find it helpful recently i've been thinking a lot about about my health anxiety and i think one of the main reasons why i am so afraid of contracting whatever disease it happens to be on any given week, is because i automatically catastrophize the situation. if i think i might have breast cancer i automatically think it will kill me. i imagine saying my last goodbyes to my family and friends and think of all the things i will never achieve in my life because i've died young. to reassure myself, i tell myself that i'm making it up it my head, i don't have cancer, it's so unlikely at my age etc. this reassurance is only fleeting before i find another 'symptom' and the cycle continues. but lately i've been realising that one of the main problems is that i underestimate my ability to cope with health problems. there are hundreds of thousands of cancer survivors who end up living long and happy lives. people who are hiv positive can live relatively normal lives despite their illness thanks to modern medicine. having an illness does not mean the end of the world. by reframing my thinking when reassuring myself from 'i don't have x disease, i'm ok' to 'i probably don't have x disease, but if i do i know i will find a way to cope with it and i will be ok', i have found that health anxiety worries have come up less frequently as the intrusive thoughts have less to hold on to.
paranoid about testicles and now i'm freaking out so i'm totally serious here and i know it sounds like i'm trying to be funny but i'm not! a week ago i was lazy and didn't do laundry so i went commando for pretty much a week. because of how loose it was down there i became more aware of my testicles and would reach down there more often. anyways, because i was constantly reaching down there i became paranoid about my testicles. i should also note that i was a frequent fapper like 3 4 times a day and decided to stop that. so i would go nofap for 2 days and then have a go at it once the next day. then again 2 days not and then on the 3rd day have a go at it. i started this 2 weeks ago and last week i felt a little pinch on my left testicle. it didn't hurt or anything it was just... uncomfortable but went away fairly quickly but that feeling only heightened my paranoia!! i haven't felt that feeling since but i keep thinking about it and now i keep imagining i do have that feeling again. i always constantly reach down there feeling them, and thinking omg one is bigger than the other! omg one feels softer than the other! i'm dying! i want to go to the doctor but i also have a fear of doctors! i can't sleep. i'm undereating. i sometimes cry at night. i was never like this and i hate it. last year i was paranoid about my neck which took me a while to get over and now it's below the belt. i just want to live my life normal ly again.
wanted to share one of my coping methods in case any of you find it helpful recently i've been thinking a lot about about my health anxiety and i think one of the main reasons why i am so afraid of contracting whatever disease it happens to be on any given week, is because i automatically catastrophize the situation. if i think i might have breast cancer i automatically think it will kill me. i imagine saying my last goodbyes to my family and friends and think of all the things i will never achieve in my life because i've died young. to reassure myself, i tell myself that i'm making it up it my head, i don't have cancer, it's so unlikely at my age etc. this reassurance is only fleeting before i find another 'symptom' and the cycle continues. but lately i've been realising that one of the main problems is that i underestimate my ability to cope with health problems. there are hundreds of thousands of cancer survivors who end up living long and happy lives. people who are hiv positive can live relatively normal lives despite their illness thanks to modern medicine. having an illness does not mean the end of the world. by reframing my thinking when reassuring myself from 'i don't have x disease, i'm ok' to 'i probably don't have x disease, but if i do i know i will find a way to cope with it and i will be ok', i have found that health anxiety worries have come up less frequently as the intrusive thoughts have less to hold on to.
health anxiety causing physically visible symptoms? i recently had my first anxiety attack back in october after a google search on some symptoms that lead me to some pretty bad stuff. it was by far the worst anxiety i have ever felt over the past 3 months. i have been constantly lightheaded since the first panic attack and have had a lot of common symptoms that people on talk about. shortness of break, tight legs, back pain, bowl issues, and vision issues. my main issues have been tingling in my middle finger, tightness in my forearm, and a sharp pain in my elbow and shoulder all in my right arm. i have been to many doctors including neurologist, orthopedic, thoracic, pain management, ent, pt, er 3 times and have had almost every part of my body scanned by ct and mri. i counted over 20 blood test and so far every single thing has come back normal . one doctor thinks i have thoracic outlet, but another doctor says i don't and that they are just trying to slap a generic label on my problem. this doctor also believes it is my body stuck in fight or flight mode. the one issue that seems odd is that after using my right hand, such as in typing, my fingers will visibly slightly swell and my hand feel tight. i know stress can cause muscle tightness and my pt keeps commenting out tight the muscles are on the right side of my body from jaw to shoulder. has anyone had anxiety stress cause physically visible symptoms such as swelling?
paranoid about testicles and now i'm freaking out so i'm totally serious here and i know it sounds like i'm trying to be funny but i'm not! a week ago i was lazy and didn't do laundry so i went commando for pretty much a week. because of how loose it was down there i became more aware of my testicles and would reach down there more often. anyways, because i was constantly reaching down there i became paranoid about my testicles. i should also note that i was a frequent fapper like 3 4 times a day and decided to stop that. so i would go nofap for 2 days and then have a go at it once the next day. then again 2 days not and then on the 3rd day have a go at it. i started this 2 weeks ago and last week i felt a little pinch on my left testicle. it didn't hurt or anything it was just... uncomfortable but went away fairly quickly but that feeling only heightened my paranoia!! i haven't felt that feeling since but i keep thinking about it and now i keep imagining i do have that feeling again. i always constantly reach down there feeling them, and thinking omg one is bigger than the other! omg one feels softer than the other! i'm dying! i want to go to the doctor but i also have a fear of doctors! i can't sleep. i'm undereating. i sometimes cry at night. i was never like this and i hate it. last year i was paranoid about my neck which took me a while to get over and now it's below the belt. i just want to live my life normally again.
anxiety impacting visual ability and causing hyper fixation on partner s physical appearance hi all, i hope i could get some opinions from the kind followers of this subreddit! for as long as i 27 m could remember i had pretty intense anxiety. as a result i overthink and self sabotage a lot. about 2.5 months ago i got into a relationship with a phenomenal woman 21f . she s so driven, smart, witty and funny and at first, i was sure that she was absolutely gorgeous. however, these past few days i ve been wondering if i truly am attracted to her. i know this is weird, but when i look at pictures of her i find myself analyzing her facial features without even realizing it. i am constantly quizzing myself on whether i like her or not. this isn t the first time it has happened. i remember the first time i went on vacation with my one and only ex i suddenly started to hyper fixate on each of her features and started to see her differently, if that makes any sense. instead of seeing a coherent face, i saw a collection of facial features. her nose seemingly looked larger, and the proportions were all off. again, i know this sounds so weird. i pushed those thoughts aside and eventually got over it she broke up with me for a completely unrelated reason . i m wondering if anyone has been through this as well? part of me thinks i m shallow for worrying about this. but part of me wonders if it s the anxiety that s causing this. thank you!
2 swollen lymph nodes...still freaking out about 2 weeks ago, i noticed a pea sized growth under my skin in the inguinal groin region, then another. was mis diagnosed at first as a hernia, went to doc and they said if i threw up, go right to er. next morning, threw up 3 times from anxiety probably , went to er. they poked me, said these are swollen lymph nodes, better order some tests. so, i got bloodwork, a ct scan and an ultrasound. lymphoma, or another cancer is my ultimate fear. everything came back normal . just two enflamed lymph nodes on the ct scan. they diagnosed it a probable bacterial infection, maybe given to me by the cat i got a week before all of this started. gave me antibiotics. so i am about two weeks out from that, finished my antibiotics and the nodes are still the same size. have been to gp twice since the er, thinking i felt more nodes, he said all seems normal , and it could take a month for the nodes to go down, and they may never go down. he says he doesn't think i have lymphoma and is almost convinced fully of it. made the mistake of reading that only a biopsy can detect cancer, so have now convinced myself i have cancer somehow, despite 3 er docs and a nurse telling me it probably wasn't. the nodes are still about the same size, maybe bigger, but not by much. this is kilin me. edit the doc and er doc say they are too small and superficial to even biopsy right now, which makes me feel even dumber.
the flu is going around really badly at my university and i'm terrified of catching it i'm really freaking myself out a lot. i have a good immune system, i normal ly only get one cold or so a year, haven't had the stomach bug in almost 7 years knock on wood , and i don't think i've ever had the flu but maybe a flu like illness or two . anyway, i'm always health anxious about things like this, but it got a lot worse last week upon receiving an email that the flu is widespread and that they've been getting a large amount of cases. people in my classes claim to have it, people in my clubs claim to have it, etc. luckily none of my five roommates we live and share a bathroom together have gotten it so far, but i'm still so freaked out. i obviously go above and beyond with precautions hand washing before any kind of eating or touching my face, probiotics, vitamin c immune supplements 1x a day, lots of fruit, water, sleep, not a lot of junk food, exercise. i clean the doorknobs every day and sanitize my phone and laptop daily. i still can't help but worry. i've been taking my temperature a lot and feeling feverish but it never comes back with a fever. i've also had some trouble sleeping and i've been nauseous, had a funky appetite, and some questionable poops. you can catch the flu through air droplets so that's the only way i think i could ever get it but i'm still really freaked out. any advice on how to try and relax a bit?
the flu is going around really badly at my university and i'm terrified of catching it i'm really freaking myself out a lot. i have a good immune system, i normally only get one cold or so a year, haven't had the stomach bug in almost 7 years knock on wood , and i don't think i've ever had the flu but maybe a flu like illness or two . anyway, i'm always health anxious about things like this, but it got a lot worse last week upon receiving an email that the flu is widespread and that they've been getting a large amount of cases. people in my classes claim to have it, people in my clubs claim to have it, etc. luckily none of my five roommates we live and share a bathroom together have gotten it so far, but i'm still so freaked out. i obviously go above and beyond with precautions hand washing before any kind of eating or touching my face, probiotics, vitamin c immune supplements 1x a day, lots of fruit, water, sleep, not a lot of junk food, exercise. i clean the doorknobs every day and sanitize my phone and laptop daily. i still can't help but worry. i've been taking my temperature a lot and feeling feverish but it never comes back with a fever. i've also had some trouble sleeping and i've been nauseous, had a funky appetite, and some questionable poops. you can catch the flu through air droplets so that's the only way i think i could ever get it but i'm still really freaked out. any advice on how to try and relax a bit?
this morning i found what may be a bald spot, which naturally confirmed all of my fears that i have lupus and i m dying. just an average saturday! i am so happy i found this sub, if for anything else to know that i m not the only one out here. i always do this...i work to ignore little things day after day that could be symptoms of something bigger, until suddenly i find that one thing that affirms that i ve been negligent and now i ll pay the price. i ve been in the obsession spiral since 11am today. i recently gave myself an undercut and i checked the back of my head in the mirror before leaving the house to get lunch and noticed a huge spot of hair missing at my neckline. by the time i got to the restaurant i was on a website confirming that i do in fact have lupus and sobbing while playing the conversation in my head of having to tell my mother. for a moment i break through the cloud and say look at yourself! you noticed what might be a bald spot and now you definitely have lupus?? get out of the spiral. you re fine. then i fall right back in. how dare i enjoy this hot dog right now like nothing is wrong!? i have lupus for god s sake. it s so bewildering how it takes this hold. so now i ll work to distract myself until i can see a doctor, or the 800th time i check my hairline i can somehow convince myself that the spot has always been there and my hairline is just uneven. thanks for existing and listening lt 3
contacting an ex about std testing i've been dealing with healthy anxiety, particularly with being exposed to stds specifically hiv . i've only had sex stupidly, unprotected with one guy, an ex from two years ago. i realize what a huge mistake that was and i have since gotten tested for all stds and tested negative for hiv using the 4th generation test. last time i was tested was aug. 2018. however, i've had a long list of symptoms since the exposure, thus the anxiety. i haven't been able to put the fear and anxiety behind me. there hasn't been a day within the last two years that i haven't thought about having hiv. i understand that the tests are negative and i should believe the results, and i want to. i'm about to start a new stage in my life and need to desperately put this behind me it's been legitimately driving me crazy . i can't eat, think focus, sleep nowadays. i've come to the conclusion that perhaps the only thing i think would put my mind to rest is reaching out to my ex who i had the unprotected sex with himself. the thing is i haven't talked to him in over a year and have no idea how i would go about talking about this to him. but if an awkward conversation is the price i have to pay for my sanity and control of my life back then i have to do it. how do you suggest i go about this? do i go straight to the point? i'd suggest him to get tested for confirmation. please, any advice would mean the world.
anyone felt like this? so first off, i apologize for the millionth post about has anyone felt like this . been struggling to post anything for that reason. i ve been having really bad anxiety these past 2 3 months. my dad passed away in december and i had to put my dog down a week ago so i definitely think this has affected my greatly. i ve never felt this bad for this long. been waking up most days shakey and nervous. most days i m worrying about my health and can t seem to shake off intrusive thoughts. i went to the doctor on thursday and was told my blood pressure was high, which made me more anxious. was precribed some for blood pressure and sertraline for the anxiety. today i ve been feeling dizzy, it comes and goes and just loosing interest in normal things. just a general feeling of feeling off or not all here. also can t seem to swallow very well. i m starting to exercise more and eating healthier. i m hoping to see if anyone has any words of encouragement or has had a similar experience as mine. also, anyone taking sertraline has any side effects? anything would help rn. thank you! edit side note last night i took a chocolate piece which had cbd and a strand of thc to help me sleep. it made me feel slow and like i wasn t fully there and gave me really bad dry mouth feeling. idk if maybe i m still feeling those symptoms, because still feel out of it and my throat feels like i have something stuck there.
rewilding helped me beat health anxiety hey guys, my personal experience with health anxiety came from seemingly nowhere. one day i had chest pain, and then every day for months after that i dug myself deep into this dark chasm that is health anxiety. at my lowest, i was up till 4 am on wedmd every night, almost got fired from my job, and most importantly living in chronic physical pain. the tldr of my story is that rather than seeking comfort hot baths, heating pads, painkillers , i began to seek discomfort and that led me to what i now understand as rewilding . basically, you are reaffirming your body how strong and capable you really are, by exposing yourself to elements that we humans previously had to deal with constantly....long before the days of anxiety lol. take some cold showers. go out into the elements for at least 20 minutes a day. develop a deeper relationship with your breath. if anyone is interested in more information on this, i'll happily write an article, but i'm not an expert, just a practitioner. the man responsible for the term is daniel vitalis http www.danielvitalis.com rewild yourself podcast . but there are others doing similar stuff, such as wim hof. reaffirming to myself that i am strong was the only thing that pulled me out, and it started with seeking discomfort, learning some stoicism, and severing the emotional attachment i had to my physical symptoms. you can do it too. love max
severe ha and a nodule found in my lung yesterday hey all! i've been on reddit for a while, but haven't posted here. basic backstory... i'm 34 female, son died in 2009, was diagnosed with ptsd and general anxiety. health in real life began to fail after his death. i have since been diagnosed with pots, fibromyalgia, pac's, diabetes, had two colonoscopies with polyp removal, gall bladder removed, three ruptured discs in my neck and recently had pneumonia at the beginning of february. the pneumonia brought back severe symptoms of ha. they hadn't gone away completely, but i had made real progress. yesterday i finally went to the doctor after three days of chest pain thinking maybe the pneumonia was recurring. after the x ray, i was told i was negative for pneumonia but i have a 1cm nodule in my right lung. she said they are usually benign, but of course, i'm flipping my shit. i have smoked for 22 of my 34 years on this planet, so lung cancer is a real, legitimate fear. i have to wait for two months for reexamination to check for growth. how the hell do i get through the next two months? i have found myself already writing an end of life journal for my other two kids. i feel completely defeated and hopeless. i'm not functioning. my house is a wreck and i just can't find any motivation to do anything at all. please give me some advice to help get through the waiting game. sorry so long, but i'm feeling desperate.
anxiety or genuine heart condition? for the past year or so i have had crippling health anxiety, with it all being related to my heart. the anxiety comes in waves and is usually when i am on my own and not keeping myself busy. the symptoms are so raw and debilitating that i sometimes genuinely think i have a undiagnosed heart condition. common symptoms include the following floating sinking chest feeling sudden twinges and sharp pierces that go after 1 2 seconds increase in heart rate cold shivers restlessness have to get up and walk around panic attacks strange tingling an aching that is always on the left side of chest and resonates to left arm and shoulder blade dizziness lightheadednesss i have recently taken up running as a form of exercise three times a week to aid in the alleviation of these symptoms. more often than not, this gives miraculous results and i feel fantastic after every run. occasionally however, the anxiety kicks in half way through the run and it is a real struggle to continue. afterwards i have to sit down and try not to panic and think that my heart is going to give out on me. is there anything i can do to combat this anxiety? i am planning to get a blood test and ecg done just to rule out any conditions. i am a 22 y o male with no family history of heart conditions. i have lightly smoked on and off between the ages of 18 21 but quit around 4 months ago. any help would be appreciated
anxiety about heart last week i went to the emergency room for heart palpitations. they did a chest x ray, ekg, and blood work. in the end, i was told that i had a spot on my lung and a slight irregularity in the ekg. blood work was all fine. it was suggested i follow up with a cardiologist for an echocardiogram and 24 hour holter monitor and a radiologist for the ct. i had the ct scan done last friday and it was a calcification in the lung probably from a childhood of asthma, bronchitis, and pleurisy . no big deal. however, the palpitations had worsened to the point i couldn't sleep on thursday they're at their worst when i try to sleep . i spoke to the cardiologist and he suggested magnesium which has helped calm it down i think. however, i've now developed a cough which has been worsening over the last few days. i went in to the cardiologist this morning to get the 24 hour ekg put on and drop off the ct scan results and, just an hour after, the nurse called and asked if i would be okay to move my appointment from next monday to this friday at 9 am. i am completely freaked out that there is something really wrong especially since the appointment was moved up. if the doctor had noticed anything really wrong, would he have gotten me in more immediately? i think all the anxiety about the condition is making all the symptoms worse and i'm not really sure how to stop it completely. any advice is appreciated.
i m 23f freaking the fuck out all last week was getting headaches and i never get headaches or have allergies friday and saturday when sitting down for a while and would stand up my head would feel very heavy, got dizzy and dull pain enough to make we wince. monday morning woke up sucking from my throat a decent amount of blood mixed with my mucus. constantly since monday morning sucking up either bright red blood streaked all through mucus or just straight up like dime to penny sized black blood clots in mucus. seriously every couple of minutes sucking it up. occasionally will stop for 30 minutes or so but always starts up again havent been sick or coughing or had nose bleeds went to doctor on tuesday they sent me for blood work which still isn t ready, referred me to and ent. saw them today they put a scope down up my nose and down my throat didn t see anything ordered an xray of chest and mri of my brain. x ray won t be ready for 24 48 hours and mri people aren t even calling me schedule until monday. going on four fucking days of spitting up dime to penny sized blood clots and i m just sitting around here probably fucking dying while i wait on all these tests. did ease up a bit today just smaller bits of bright red and dark black blood throughout the day towards end of day started to turn more brown than red or black and i started to feel better until i just spit up a huge black clot. whats happening
what are the early symptoms of colon cancer? 23 yrs old worried so much my stomach has been having some problem for a month now, it started from a sharp sting pain in my upper middle abdomen i was checked for a possible of ulcer but turned out negative and took some ultrasound but everything is normal, i was given a omeprazole and some antacid syrup aluminium hydroxide dried gel, magnesium hydroxide and it worked. i changed my diet, but after some time my upper left side of my abdomen begins to hurt every time i finished my food and it will go away if i release a gas or burp but moving to this week i feel suddenly feel a discomfort in my stomach i feel that it is filled with air and every time i release a gas its turns ok then after a half an hour it will the discomfort will begin again. i started to search for some symptoms relating to what i'm experiencing and it kind of leads me to colon cancer though i'm not sure how to examine myself on bloody stool, and i haven't experience vomit nor nausea. all the test was done on a clinic, i really want to do an endoscopy to make sure so i suggested to my parents to have it checked in a hospital since we have insurance even if we live in a different country but they told me to wait and have it checked in a hospital during my vacation to our home country which is 1st week of march but i can't wait that much because of the symptoms and its giving me some worries
post tc anxiety hi all, just venting some steam off here. so, last august i found a lump, i had a ct, an op to remove my left testicle and then on 02 october was officially diagnosed with stage 2a testicular cancer. since then i ve had chemo, radiotherapy and as of a few weeks ago my first scans are normal meeting with the onco. hooray! that said, the health anxiety i m experiencing is taking the piss. every little ache, twitch, twinge, anything makes me worry unnecessarily. as a result of the radiotherapy my guts have been a bit iffy since, but a recent toothache caused me to take a lot of ibuprofen, which together with the radiotherapy caused me some really dire constipation. this lead to a hemorrhoid. it s internal and normal ly i can t feel it unless i ve sat on something cold in which case it throbs for a few minutes and then stops. occasionally there s a spot or two of blood on my crap, and one occasion i had such a large bowel movement that it turned the toilet water bright, bright red, but otherwise my bms are consistent size, shape, colour and bloodless they just scratch a little as they pass. i m improving my diet to include more fibre so hopefully it ll sort itself out. right now i want to concentrate on the future. i ve been given a new lease of life, but i feel that all the residual after effects are holding me back and the worry over everything my body does is becoming quite a burden.
the cycle starts again i'm diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder but only this year have i experienced the terror of health anxiety. i went through a throat infection, which i of course thought was cancer at first, i spent hours rechecking and researching my symptoms, which started to completely take over my life. i couldn't go a second without a distraction. after the infection cleared up i was basically rid of my fears. except a few days ago, i had an incredibly terrifying panic attack. i was just lying in bed and i had this faint pain in my left arm and for some reason my brain just short circuited, i jumped up, my heart started racing which led me to think i was having a heart attack. i genuinely thought i was going to die, i felt dizzy and for the first time i couldn't calm myself down. i was terrified so i went to see my mother and i just crawled into her arms like a 20 year old baby and after a few minutes everything went back to normal. and now i'm back in the cycle again. asking myself what if that wasn't a panic attack? and other completely illogical questions. i keep checking my heart beat, sometimes i get a spike of anxiety when i think it's too slow and same for when i believe it's too fast. i can't break out of this and it's taking over everything i'm so scared and so sick of living like this, does anyone have any advice on how to just make my brain chill for like just a second?
hand cramps and twitching als? my left hand has been pretty sore for 3 or so days. basically the thumb is cramping up when i use my phone or type. it s in my left hand, i feel a little bit of the same thing in my right hand though not nearly as bad. the cramp isn t normal ly at rest. it usually begins quickly after using my phone or typing. my dominant hand is right. i don t type a whole lot at work. i ve had twitching randomly all over my body, face, chin, jaw, calves, quads, glutes, forearms, ankles, biceps, triceps, shoulders. which has left me absolutely terrified of als. this has been happening for 3 weeks. my pcp ruled out electrolytes as the cause through a blood test. magnesium is in line as well. white male, 24yo, 6 00 185lbs pcp tested reflex, said 99 sure it s nothing but ordered an emg if i wanted and i said sure. i was anxious. thursday the hand pain started after the pcp visit. i now have it in right hand a bit was just using my phone with thumb . some forearm soreness was there earlier. i m in good shape athletic and pretty strong and have no obvious clinical weakness. hands generally alright at rest. the iphone and the keyboard aggravate it the twitching started before anything else. and really, i haven t noticed any twitching my hands. maybe once or twice, but generally it s in the arms, legs. including back, shoulders, forearm, bicep, tricep, abdomen, calf, quad, glute, hamstring
post tc anxiety hi all, just venting some steam off here. so, last august i found a lump, i had a ct, an op to remove my left testicle and then on 02 october was officially diagnosed with stage 2a testicular cancer. since then i ve had chemo, radiotherapy and as of a few weeks ago my first scans are normal meeting with the onco. hooray! that said, the health anxiety i m experiencing is taking the piss. every little ache, twitch, twinge, anything makes me worry unnecessarily. as a result of the radiotherapy my guts have been a bit iffy since, but a recent toothache caused me to take a lot of ibuprofen, which together with the radiotherapy caused me some really dire constipation. this lead to a hemorrhoid. it s internal and normally i can t feel it unless i ve sat on something cold in which case it throbs for a few minutes and then stops. occasionally there s a spot or two of blood on my crap, and one occasion i had such a large bowel movement that it turned the toilet water bright, bright red, but otherwise my bms are consistent size, shape, colour and bloodless they just scratch a little as they pass. i m improving my diet to include more fibre so hopefully it ll sort itself out. right now i want to concentrate on the future. i ve been given a new lease of life, but i feel that all the residual after effects are holding me back and the worry over everything my body does is becoming quite a burden.
love yourself take care of yourself. historically, for me.. january march is the hardest time for year for me. my anxiety journey began two years ago, in february. one of my best friends passed from a brain tumor, the month before. i went to his funeral and they talked about all the symptoms he had.... next thing i know, i m consumed by constantly looking for the same symptoms. then they start to appear.... one day, i m fine. the next day i have a pain in my neck and googled it and was convinced it was cancer and i was going to die and leave my young wife and daughter. then i had a full blown panic attack on valentine s day and ended up in the er, convinced i was having a heart attack. since then, it has been on and off struggles with a brain tumor fear my longest battle. but every january, the anxiety comes back with a vengeance. i know this is the case for a lot of people... the bad weather, the dark days with not a lot to do, it takes a toll. remember. take care of yourself. excercise, hell even just go on a walk. distract yourself. don t seclude yourself. don t google. eat your greens. take care of yourself. we re all fighting the same battle. we re all constantly battling with the very real symptoms that our bodies have. the very real fear of passing before your time, or having a terminal disease. i care about each and every one of you. hang in there. and let s fight the good fight every day.
i had no idea so many people were like me. ever since i was 15 16 i had panic attacks from thinking i was having a stroke or heart attacks or cancer etc. first was walking home from school started feeling very thirsty and hot then dizzy called 911 thinking i was dying having a heat stroke. doc told me i had a panic attack. now i'm 25 and been in and out of work due to my panic attacks or just the anxiety of having panic attacks. im super depressed and have no drive to be the best me anymore. i feel stuck and like i'll never get better. pot works wonders but unfortunately i don't live in a legal state. and since i'm looking for a job i can't use it i have to rely on my clonopin which only helps if i catch the panic attack in time. i get pains or find something wrong on my body and assume the worst instantly and go full panic mode. fucking sucks. it's ruined my life, all i do now is put in job applications and play bfv to keep my mind off my body. last income i've had was from a guy i used to work concrete construction with who hires me as a ranch hand ever so often but only for about a week a year. my father supports me but i hate relying on him because he barely makes any money doing what he does and we are always short on food because rent and utilities come first. i hate doing this to him. i'm fucking 25 i should be out doing my own think not seizuring out thinking i'm dying 2 4 times a week.
up and down so, my health anxiety focuses on getting pregnant i m terrified of it, don t ever want to be i m 20 and no doctor will tie my tubes. i thought either my contraceptive implant was broken, i would do pregnancy tests and not trust the result or go digging through the bin for them, i didn t trust a blood test, i thought every twinge in my body was a symptom. i thought i saw signs everywhere telling me i was pregnant. then, last week, after 3 cbt sessions, upping my anti depressants and travelling home to see my parents for the first time in 4 weeks, i had the first good week since september. no tests, no doctor visits, plenty of exercise, could snap myself out of any dangerous thought patterns. no googling! i was so happy and proud. i even had sex for the first time in 4 months with my boyfriend. then, on saturday morning, my boyfriend accidentally grabbed my arm implant. since then, i feel like i ve spiralled back of control after just one week of happiness. i ve resisted doing a test so far, but i swear my implant is broken even after seeing a nurse, i m symptom spotting, googling, crying etc. my techniques to cope aren t working. i go from feeling scared and upset to angry with myself and the world. i was just wondering, how do people cope with these type of set backs? how do you pull yourself up again? at the minute i just feel sad and depressed and angry. fuck you, health anxiety.
rabies anxiety so, i have pretty severe rabies anxiety, which usually only acts up in the summer. i'm lucky in that i don't really worry about cats or dogs, since i next to never interact with them, but i'm absolutely terrified of a rabid bat getting into my room and biting me without my knowing it. we've had bats in our house twice now, and maybe two or three years ago, finally did an exclusion in our attic and had a professional go around and seal everything up. i haven't slept with my window open at night for several years now, but last night, i left it open by mistake until around 4 in the morning which, naturally, set off my anxiety. i have a screen on my window, which sort of sets against a little interior strip of wood, but it isn't tightly sealed, and there's one side that's actually quite loose big enough that a bat probably could get through . i'm trying to be very logical about this, but i'm struggling. i was in my room basically all night until i went to bed at around 4 am , and never saw a bat, or heard anything against the screen, but just knowing that my window was open, and what if a bat got in while i wasn't looking or when i left the room or something? reasonably, i know a sick bat wouldn't be able to get back out if one had gotten in, and i don't think there's any way i wouldn't notice a bat flying around healthy or otherwise! but it's very hard to convince myself of that.
just when i think i've made it, i get pulled back in. i've had so many tests, painful and otherwise, over the past several weeks. after finally getting a nearly clean bill of health, i brought up with my doctor the one thing i didn't think about until recently. i could feel a swollen lymph node just under my jaw over my carotid artery. what started to scare me, is that i realized i could feel that lymph node for something like 3 months . my doctor immediately ordered an ultrasound, and this morning i got a really somber call from a nurse at the dr.'s office saying i needed to see an ent right away i not only have the one, but multiple enlarged lymph nodes in that area. my understanding is that the concern from my doctor is not just that there are multilple and they're enlarged at least one is on the order of 2cm , but that at least one has persisted for so long, and even more alarming, i have no signs of an infection and my bloodwork is clean apparently persistent enlarged, multiple lymph nodes with clean bloodwork is not a good sign. i've been freaking out all day and i've been trying to avoid the internet, but the soonest i can get in to see an ent is next tuesday, so i get to spend the next 4 days agonizing about this. i'm 38 years old, and i've been through so many health symptom scares over the past couple of months mostly heart related that the anxiety is just making me lose my mind...
booked a health test total regression hi, i've experienced health anxiety on and off for most of my life. it has become a lot better over the years and i have found ways to cope and calm myself down. i'm not the ha type that goes to doctors a lot actually almost never partly because my rational part knows that it's just ha and partly because it's so crazy expensive. my main tools for managing ha has been act normal even if i feel worried and obsess, do not take action don't look for reassurance, don't see a doctor, don't google don't feed the monster , setting a specific time when it's ok to worry between 6 7 at night, worry time. at other times, just postpone it. and writing down what i worry about. it's been going well for the last few years and i almost considered myself cured . until i decided to go for an extensive health check with a battery of tests. there's no particular symptom that brought on this, just that it's something i should start doing regularly at my age. what normal people do. however, as soon as i booked the test and got the list of tests, ha totally exploded. in a way worse than the usual ha where i used to focus on just a few illnesses now i basically convinced that with that many tests and possible cancers, i must check positive for at least one! has anyone else experience this kind of setback and how did you cope? i still have two three more weeks before the results.
can having a concussion cause severe gad? preface 23 y.o. male at time of accident nye 2012. i smoked a blunt for the first time, and the equivalent of overdosed. legs felt weak, had to sit down. i smoked it in at the bottom of my road, so i sat down on a neighbour so outside wall roughly 4ft high . next thing i knew i woke up on the pavement looking up. i later found out from friends that were with me that i had fallen head first onto the concrete sidewalk, from about 4 ft high. i am 99.999999 i had a concussion. anyway, next day, all was fine no anxiety. obvious scars and bloody face but nothing else. about two weeks later, i decide to play soccer with friends. the ball hit the back of head from behind. i immediately fell to my knees, and from what i remember, was dizzy etc. then it kind of just went. 15 mins later, we left and had a short walk to the local restaurant. half way there, i had immense lain in my stomach and groin area. i fell to my knees again on the sidewalk near the restaurant. i then managed to walk to the restaurant and immediately went into the toilet. i felt sick, anxious, weird, nauseous, etc. then, cur my first panic attack. even since then, a whole 12 years, i had had generalized anxiety disorder diagnosed 2013 . how does that even happen? i don t understand how hitting my head would cause that? did i accidentally damage my amygdala hippocampus when falling? thanks.
any advice for someone who's scared of taking an ultrasound and its test results? hello! this coming saturday, im going to have to have a whole abdomen ultrasound to check why ive been feeling nasty symptoms in the upper stomach and lower large intestine? uterus? abdomen for about 6 weeks now. my initial fear was that i was pregnant... 3 negative test results later even having my period, i still doubt myself what if that wasnt a period? what if the pain ive been feeling on the lower side is actually a baby? though maybe... the lower pain is from the constipation and how im having trouble with my digestive system i...really want to, for the lack of a better term, poop now maybe high levels of stress can cause that? someone please enlighten me. haha my grandmother is accompanying me on saturday because she knows the doctor. i have 2 fears 1 what if im pregnant? illogical, at this point. but i fear that the worse outcome will happen and i dont want my grandmother to know first... ive actually been really conscious of my abdominal area, i keep looking at it in the mirror and nowadays i feel full and sometimes there's a pain somewhere. 2 what if i have an illness i never even thought of? i really dont want to die yet, or have cancer... maybe im asking for advice on what to do to rationalize these thoughts? and how to not freak out as the saturday draws nearer? thank you if youve read this far.
can't gain weight? okay so i'm gonna preface this by saying that i used to weigh almost 200 pounds. in the past year i've lost 50ish pounds, and i'm at a healthy weight for my height. i did restrictive diets to lose weight, but at this point i'm working out so if i gain weight i don't really care because i know i won't gain weight in my stomach. there's just one problem. in september, i had my gallbladder removed. i'm not supposed to be eating oily food, but i'm a teen so of course i'm going to. the first month after my surgery, i ate like a pig and i didn't exercise. i lost 10 pounds. i have bulimia, but i'm in recovery and i don't purge often at all like only 1 2 times a month when i relapse . at this point, i literally can't stop eating. i'll be full as hell but i still can't stop. i've recorded it, and i've been eating about 3500 4000 calories a day for the past few weeks according to my fitbit, i only burn about 2200 . i haven't gained a pound. all i've done is lost 1 2 pounds a week . i should also mention that i have super low blood pressure the doctors don't know why i eat salty stuff all the time . every time i stand up, i get lightheaded and spotty vision and i have to lean against something. i don't know what to do. any medical professional that i talk to about this says that i'm just a teen with a high metabolism. but i've had to lose weight in the past so i don't understand.
worried about my gallbladder how to stay calm until my next ultrasound. quick background i've had health anxiety since my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer, and it's gone through the roof in the year amp a half since she died. a year ago my doctor discovered a small polyp on my gallbladder. it was only 3mm, but he decided to monitor it anyway just in case, which means an ultrasound every 6 months for 2 years. during my second ultrasound, the polyp was a little bigger this time, 4mm and my doctor seemed worried. but he seems like he gets worried easily, so i don't really know how i should feel... my mom's gallbladder was removed for a variety of reasons at 45, and it turned out hers had precancerous cells cells that look a bit off and may develop into cancer . so my family history has me worried. i'm also concerned because a it's a single polyp, and single polyps are more likely to be cancerous, and b it's growing, albeit slowly. i keep trying to tell myself that i'm young mid twenties and that gallbladder cancer is extremely unlikely in anyone under 40, but i can't shrug this awful feeling. gallbladder cancer kills 85 of people within 5 years though most people are diagnosed late stage, so who knows what my odds would be if i actually had it . my next ultrasound is in a few weeks, and my anxiety levels are ridiculous. how do you guys find some peace when you have a test coming up?
scared about temporal arteritis adding to all the cancers and heart conditions i've been worried about, i just read about temporal arteritis and i'm worried about it too. i'm a 23 year old white male. for the past couple days i've had tenderness near my right temple only. there's no constant pain, but it hurts when i put mild to moderate pressure on a certain part of the bone behind under the temple. i can feel a slight bump there but there's an essentially symmetrical one on the other side with no tenderness with the same amount of pressure . i do have many other symptoms of temporal arteritis, including frequent headaches although generally mild , tiredness in limbs, and general tiredness, but i've had all that for a long time and often can be traced to specific causes like poor sleeping habits and dehydration. i don't have any of the jaw pain or tiredness any more so than i would normal ly get after chewing for a long time anyway , although sometimes my mouth does feel slightly stiff if i haven't opened it for a while. i do have a bad habit of clenching grinding my teeth that i've had for most of my life, and i've had tmj associated pain before. i don't think i've had any vision loss, but sometimes i do find it harder to focus or i feel like i'm not seeing quite as well when i' tired so i can't say for sure. i don't have any other tender points on my scalp, just the right temple.
health anxiety by proxy, anyone? so i think it started last summer, when my husband got appendicitis. he denied the need to go to the er for some time, until finally i made him call for medical help. they came, but they were unable to diagnose him, so they just gave him a pain shot and left. after this i finally made it home, and after a brief examination of his abdomen i was totally sure it was his appendix. so you could have guessed by now i have a health anxiety, and have had it all my life. and it's actually severe and affects my life hugely. almost all of my family are medics, so i know a lot, but i myself is not a doctor at all. so, i called for medical help again, and i made them take him, and i insisted on the operation, though they weren't sure because my husband's symptoms were so smudged because of the drug they gave him. it was an appendicitis, the surgery was almost at the last moment before it would burst. but it was a minor surgery and after a few days he was totally fine, he just got 3 really small scars. and know my health anxiety went fully blown out on him, because it seems if i hadn't this anxiety and the knowledge it gave me, my husband could have been in a way worse situation. so i'm anxious over his every headache and all. i'm like a crazy mom, lol. when i think something bad can happen to him i cry, and i always fear the worst. it stresses me a lot sometimes.
scared about temporal arteritis adding to all the cancers and heart conditions i've been worried about, i just read about temporal arteritis and i'm worried about it too. i'm a 23 year old white male. for the past couple days i've had tenderness near my right temple only. there's no constant pain, but it hurts when i put mild to moderate pressure on a certain part of the bone behind under the temple. i can feel a slight bump there but there's an essentially symmetrical one on the other side with no tenderness with the same amount of pressure . i do have many other symptoms of temporal arteritis, including frequent headaches although generally mild , tiredness in limbs, and general tiredness, but i've had all that for a long time and often can be traced to specific causes like poor sleeping habits and dehydration. i don't have any of the jaw pain or tiredness any more so than i would normally get after chewing for a long time anyway , although sometimes my mouth does feel slightly stiff if i haven't opened it for a while. i do have a bad habit of clenching grinding my teeth that i've had for most of my life, and i've had tmj associated pain before. i don't think i've had any vision loss, but sometimes i do find it harder to focus or i feel like i'm not seeing quite as well when i' tired so i can't say for sure. i don't have any other tender points on my scalp, just the right temple.
health anxiety vent my massive fear is getting pregnant. every twinge i have, no matter what, is pregnancy. this all started from an increase in anxiety levels after ironically staring the birth control pill. it s been going on for months. no amount of doctors visits, home tests, visits to a sexual health nurse, not even having penetrative sex, or even a blood test has managed to completely calm me down. if it does it only lasts for a few hours. all i think is of women i read about on the internet who have been 8 months pregnant without any tests and still getting periods, or if i m ectopic my mum nearly died from one of those . i ve had nexplanon put in my arm, but the stories online of women getting pregnant somehow overrule the data that says it s 99.9 effective my nurse saying she wouldn t even do a test on me if i came in with nexplanon claiming to be pregnant. i ve just started cbt and i m on anti depressants citalopram, which i don t think is working after 5 weeks on 10mg . i m just terrified that i ll never get better, and i ll have to leave my university and my boyfriend and friends in london and move home to my parents again who i adore, but i never wanted to stay at home for uni. that would be a massive defeat for me . just needed to vent because i m fkin terrified right now and all i can thing about is the pain i m getting in my stomach, and if it s a baby kicking me.
i need a little help. my first post and for some reason the first time opening up about my own internal struggle. hey guys, i ve been struggling with anxiety for the better part of 7 years. i ve always been able to keep it under control but after having a near death experience in my teens, my anxious nature has been directed towards my health. for the past 9 months i ve been experience various symptoms, consisting of brain fog, muscle twitches all over my body. sharp nerve pain that seems to come and go affecting everything from my legs, to my wrist and fingers. muscle buzzing primarily in the feet, feels like a cell phone going off under my foot . this worry of ether a neurological disease or a serious infection such as lyme seems to dominate most of my days. i constantly make the mistake of self diagnosing using discussion posts of users on various sites with similar issues and i realize it s a recipe for unhappiness. this type of worry feels at times like an addiction that i simply cannot stop coming back to. i live an incredibly charmed life with an amazing family and incredible fiance. and i realize i m not hard done by in the traditional sense. but this anxiety surrounding my health is something i m desperate to manage but more importantly be done with. any help or advice would be greatly appreciated, and thank you so much for taking the time out of your day to read this.
tired of dealing with this i m 17 yr female i m pretty slim and small, and i ve noticed i ve had a fast heart rate for a long while now but lately it s gotten bad. three months ago, all of a sudden felt dizzy, my heart was racing so i went to the doctor and they took blood work which came out normal and sent me to a cardiologist. i m guessing it was my first panic attack? my ekg was normal, he said he heard a heart murmur but thought i was okay and i had anxiety. he didn t even feel the need to check my heart. but i still did a 48 hour heart monitor, didn t really feel any symptoms, but it was still normal, he just said i had sinus tachycardia. this was a about a month or 2 ago and it feels like now everything has gotten worse. my heart rate is always 100 and when i m walking or stand up it s 140 sometimes. i was also walking to class upstairs and i was gasping for air and my heart was racing. the highest my heart i ve seen my heart go is 195 which doesn t sound healthy. my heart rate will also go from 50 to 100 randomly which concerns me? yesterday morning i woke up with my heart rate at 170 so i went to the er and my ekg was normal. my parents think i m fine and the doctors say i m young, it won t hurt me and i ll grow out of it. i have anxiety and panic attacks now because i m always worried about my heart. i feel like i have no answers and like i m running out of time
hypochondria as an early symptom of dementia? i decided to take a break from scaring myself to death with medical craziness online and for once actually wanted to learn about hypochondria i guess you could say it was an eye opening moment where i, myself, saw myself from a logical standpoint . as i sifted through the google pages, i ended up coming across a slew of articles relating to hypochondria being one of the earliest signs of frontotemporal lobe dementia and lewy body dementia. my first initial reaction was complete anger. i had abused my google privileges for so long, looking at the scariest possible diseases. the one time i do exactly what people have been telling me to do dude, look up what anxiety does to your body and mind, not this i get forced back into hell. as you can imagine, i checked it out. there were actually many articles and case reports regarding it that it kinda scared me. i had been worried specifically about dementia for the past month for a bunch of odd and end reasons..and then google relays the term in reference to my hypochondria anxiety...? it is the coincidence now that is flipping me out and confirming my fear even more. that is some bizarre..not even intentional coincidence, dont you think? how do you even distinguish the difference between hypochondria as a very early symptom of dementia vs hypochondria because you are a hypochondriac?
my health anxiety caused me to get a ct scan and now my anxiety is in overdrive over radiation risks i am a hypochondriac but this time i have been having some severe abdominal pain for 2 weeks. it's constant, not one second of peace, sleeping is very difficult. i've visited doctors, blood tests are normal. i even managed to do an endoscopy, which has always been one of my worst nightmares. it showed just a mild gastritis, nothing to explain my severe constant pain. i've been taking treatment but there is absolutely no difference. doctor ordered a ct scan and i was hesitant but after some sleepless nights i decided to go for it. well the result came right now and there isn't much wrong, just a fatty liver and some benign stuff with my prostate. now i am sad i've irradiated myself for nothing although, i don't really regret it, never had such pain in my life . the risk is like a 0,2 increase in cancer but some believe the risk might be a little overestimated for ct scans. i will never accept another ct scan in my life, unless it's an emergency. all doctors said abdominal ct scans are better than mris so that's why i didn't get an mri. how do i get past this? i still have the pain and no diagnosis and i increased my risk of cancer. one way of dealing with the risk is to think of it like a screening, at least i know there isn't anything sinister going around in my belly.
afraid something is extremely wrong with my heart hey guys. i lost my job in march due to gastritis from unknown causes. had an endoscopy and biopsies. it's just gastritis and they think it may be due to my gallbladder but i will be having tests for that in about a week. i have been extremely ill with that since the beginning of january. lost almost 20 lbs. in pain all day. it's great. anyway, throughout this time and i think right before but only rarely i have been having having issues when i stand and start doing usual activities. my heart rate soars when i stand and when i begin doing everyday things, nothing strenuous, i even get sweaty sometimes and short of breath. this scares me so i have to lay back down and then it immediately goes back to normal. i have a history of pvcs, the palpitation where your heart skips a beat. i saw a cardiologist and he did not see anything and said it was pretty good except he vaguely mentioned some part of the ultrasound being slower and he told me to exercise more. he didn't explain any of that. that was a year ago now. i realize i have been laying on the couch for about a month now, but could that cause all this? i also often have low blood pressure but i've never had this happen everyday. could it be any of these causes or maybe since i haven't been able to eat much anymore? my anxiety is driving me insane. someone please help.
rash? eczema? scabies? ? i m and 18f student and ever since coming to college i ve had very bad health anxiety, where as soon as any small thing is wrong i m online 8 10 hours a day trying to diagnose. my most recent issue is a rash i ve had on my forearms, wrists, and back of my hands for the past few days. it s very itchy, mostly at night, and when i scratch i get hive like spots that sometimes stay, and sometimes go away. i also have little white bumps that are very tiny and don t show up well in pictures. i ve been applying hydrocortisone 1 since saturday night and it s still happening so today i bought benadryl cream and made an appt at my universities health services for tomorrow morning. after looking online i ve narrowed it down to hives, eczema, scabies, or maybe ringworm. i think scabies scares me the most. i woke up this morning to myself scratching my wrists like crazy after doing so good not scratching, and then i started hyperventilating because i was so scared because i have read scabies is worst at night. also, i ve been feeling itchy around my ears, scalp, and legs but nothing is as itchy or hive like as my wrists. overall i don t really know what else to do as everytime i look at it i freak out and i can t talk to anyone about it because they laugh when i say it might be scabies or something serious. i feel so stupid. picture https imgur.com tbll4oc
fluttering having an episode now and just need to vent. open to advice or anything you have. a few months ago i started feeling a funny feeling in my chest. specifically, it seems to occur when i lay down after light exertion. like walking up the stairs and plopping on the couch. my heart flutters like crazy. it will beat hard one time, not beat for like two seconds, and then beat really fast. i get this funny feeling in the back of my throat, too. so, i went to my pcp and she listened and said she heard a murmur and a flutter. great. so, i m dying. well, she sends me to a cardiologist. i get an ekg and a halter monitor for 24 hours. nothing shows. cardio says it s fine. not a single thing to worry about. but, i still get these things. it fucks with my head cuz i just keep thinking a healthy heart doesn t do this and i will probably die young because of this. i know these things are common, but that serves little comfort when they are happening. i just worry that my heart is wearing out or something. can anyone provide me with literature that goes into detail about how chronic palpitations are not associated with lower life expectancy? or, if they are hit me with that shit too. i m not afraid of the truth haha. i just get into this habit of checking my carotid pulse when it happens and being like ooohhh fuck you re surely gonna die this time... this is a bad one...
so annoyed with myself...health anxiety resurgence hey guys so annoyed with myself, even though i guess it isn t really my fault, i used to have pretty bad health anxiety a few years ago. it started to subside somewhat after i got a scan done after i felt a lump, it was just a cyst. right around that time i was also immigrating from the uk to the us so my life got super busy and the health anxiety virtually went away. i ve been in the us for almost two years now and haven t really had any big health worries since i got the scan done in england years ago...until this week. my wife passed onto me, i guess some sort of virus, and i had flu like symptoms of course, a lymph node on my neck has swollen as is pretty topical with stuff like that and i m now convinced i have lymphoma. 0 to 60 in about a week, unbelievable. this time feels different though, when this sort of stuff happened in the past my rational thought was completely obscured to the point where any logical or rational thought would immediately be dismissed in favor of the worst case scenario, but this time i m well aware how irrational i m being, and i m well aware that it s most likely just due to this infection. but i m still worrying. i made the mistake of googling it, and although google does say that with cancerous lumps in the neck they re typically immovable, mine is movable, i m still panicking!
rabies ha is wrecking me hey all. so i've been struggling with ha for years now but was really doing a lot better, almost 3 months with no major scares or full on panic attacks or anything. then a couple days ago i got hit like a ton of bricks. i haven't been able to focus on or accomplish anything for days now and could really use some perspective. about three months ago i was bitten on the leg by a small dog while out on a run. it was a small bite, barely broke the skin, and it turned out to be my neighbor's dog. she was very understanding and even emailed me the dog's vaccination records. i also checked in last week and the dog is still alive and well. despite this, i started getting symptoms the other day and i cannot. stop. freaking. out. i keep convincing myself i'm getting pain or tingling near the bite site, plus i have all my usual anxiety symptoms again nausea, insomnia, loss of appetite, brain fog which are all signs of rabies onset. i've done all the research, i know there's basically no chance of getting rabies from an animal that's still alive weeks later but nothing will put my mind at ease. i can't shake the feeling that i should have gone to the doctor and gotten shots and now i'm going to die in agony for it. has anyone else dealt with this? is there anything i can do to navigate the anxiety surrounding this particularly horrifying disease?
light what illnesses have you thought you had throughout your life? i'll start! leukemia when i was 6 because i heard a family member died from it, bone cancer at 15 cause i had random sharp pains everywhere, appendix burst at 13 when it was actually my ovary hurting extremely due to my first period that was about to come, brain tumor at 18 due to migraines, psoriasis when it was just a skin fungus, als at 16 because my muscles were twitching, ms at 19 because of migraines again, mouth tumor at 11 because i had a sore in my mouth and i saw a documentary, lymphoma and sarcoma at 19 because i had a tiny bump in my neck, sarcoma at 20 because of a lump on my crotch that disappeared 4 days later, brain tumor when i was 16 because i almost fainted due to low iron in blood, melanoma at 17 because a tiny dot appeared on my finger disappeared 1 month later , unknown skin disease at 18 spoilers! it was stretch marks , at 15 i thought i was going to have a heart attack soon so i went to the cardiologist it was anxiety because i liked someone omfg. i flashed my boobs at this doctor for nothing , delayed puberty in mid teens because i'm petite, gangrene at 16 because my toe got infected. wew! i hope i'm not missing any. thanks to all of that my father rages whenever i tell him i'm going to the doctor. but this time i'm going to one i actually need a psychologist. lol
would my may2018 ecg of picked this up? worried! so yesterday i was drilling some wood and i out of nowhere felt a dul pain in my left arm and chest, i think it was brought on by putting arm in or moving it in specific positions, and when i took a breath, my left side of chest hurt! it went on like for a few seconds and the simptoms subsided but sometimes if i take a deep breath or lay in some positions it hurts the arm or chest but if i am just sitting still on my computer it doesn't hurt i read about silent hart attacks and this caused me to have my anxiety spiral out of controle again! if there was anything wrong in my heart, would it of showed up on my ecg or is it possible that this could be something new? i keep worrying but i haven't let this whole thing keep me from enjoying my day. i had my ecg in may of 2018 when my anxiety had spiraled out of controle over some palpitations that were 99.9 attributed to eating too many of those chocolate easter eggs. what i notice from the new simptoms though, is that the pains are very intermittent and come and go, like sometimes i will feel some chest pain if i take a deep breath, sometimes if i raze my arm, or hold it a certen way, etc i was able to get a good night's sleep but still worrying about the whole possibility of some undetected heart thing or a potentially dangerous problem. i am 25yo male, 145lbs
swollen lymph node, rash, dermatits and surprise another lymph node today what the fuck is going on with my body? in october 2018, my perioral dermatitis flared up again after accidentally eating gluten. it was around the time of the holidays and i was stressed due to major family issues. december comes and i start to notice and itch on the back of my neck. i also notice after i eat a heavy meal, i have this mild pain on the left side under my rib cage. spleen? january the rash is a deep red, unbearable itchy, oozing and now paired with a swollen lymph node. i change up my diet to vegan because i figured it was keto catching up to me. that helped and the rash slooowwwwllly got better but still lingers. fast forward to this week the itch is mostly gone but the lymph node is still there albeit smaller. yesterday, i finally got my hair done because i couldn't previously with it so itchy. i noticed a deep pimple on the opposing side of my scalp. this morning, i now have a swollen lymph node where the pimple is. i also am hardly eating,not very hungry and have managed to lose around 10lbs in a month but this could be due to vegan, mostly raw diet. of course, i researched online and the worse is coming up lymphoma. i am absolutely panicked. i've been to a naturopath who put me on a multivitamin, hormone rebalancing herbs, probiotics and a liver cleanse. help!
wedding speech in a few days, social anxiety so i ve always had an aspect of social anxiety within me, usually in groups of more than 3 or 4 people. one on one or in a group of 3 in absolutely fine. i had some bad experiences of speeches and presentations back in high school and totally avoided it throughout my adult life. i m now 31 and the only public speaking if you can calll it that i ve done is a hand full of interviews to no more than 3 people. i m my brothers best man at his wedding in a few days and i ve got to do it in front of 100 or so people which seems absolutely alien to me. my heart races and i get sweaty palms just thinking about it or practicing in front of a mirror. i hate the sound of my own voice and it just begins to break shake and i go bright red and my mouth makes this involuntary frowning thing like i m about to cry whenever i ve had to do it in the past. i ve read online countless tips and advice but i just don t feel these people have it half as bad as i do? i ve resorted to getting a low dose of diazepam from my doctor only 6 2mg tablets and they have told me to take a maximum of 3 of theses before the speech. will this honestly help? i appreciate the concerns about mixing alcohol and diazepam but i do believe that is a low dose and i only plan on having 1 or 2 small bottles of beer before the speech. any tips advice? tia.
throat issues fears this is my first time posting on this subreddit... i've had some nasty health anxiety that's been going on since i had brief exposure to asbestos tile about a month ago during some home renovation. ever since then, i've been convinced that i've acquired cancer of the mouth throat. i recently went to the dentist to check out some mouth sores and bumps, and they were found to be nothing. for the last week and a half, i've had some issues with what feels like swallowing on my right side of my throat. no real pain, but also no lumps or bumps in my throat or neck to speak of. recently though, i chose to feel in the back of my throats and felt what feels like cartilage bone on the right side of my throat. it is a hard ridge, and doesn't appear on my left side. i don't have any pain, and haven't had any other symptoms to speak of. i'm wondering if anyone would have any idea what this is, or maybe it's just normal and i'm overly paranoid due to my recent health anxiety. my fiance is a pa student and hasn't been overly concerned at all, and at my physical a month ago a blood test showed normal white blood cell count. i still can't stop thinking it's cancer though, and really looking for advice help on this. i've been through a lot of stress lately, and just looking for some support. any thoughts, help or support would be much appreciated.
i am tired of having anxiety i am physically and mentally very exhausted right now and i tried to fall asleep, but i m so nauseous from my anxiety that i really just couldn t and sometimes i just like want to feel normal so bad but i feel like i will never get there. my anxiety sucks so bad. i feel like most days it controls who i am and what i act like for that day. today i went out with my friends and we had a good time but we ended up being outside a lot longer than we would and i got extremely cold and started panicking. we were far from everyone s house and all i wanted was to go home. they came to my house afterwards and it was nice for a while but i was still feeling anxious. when they all left i felt immediately better like this huge weight on my chest being lifted off. it s not that i don t like my friends but being around people is so exhausting. i hate that im like this i just wanna feel normal so bad. i get anxious so easily and it won t go away for hours. then when i m not feeling anxious i feel depressed. it constantly feels like a never ending storm or something. like just when it starts to feel bright and the rain might stop it starts again and gets so dark. i m constantly fighting just to stay sane and it s so hard. all i want is to feel normal and okay, and maybe real because i m constantly dissociating. i do have a therapist btw
it sounds dumb, and i'll add more context in the post, but if a girl doesn't follow me on social media, is that a sign she dislikes me? i know that sounds like a really dumb and childish question. i have a crush on a girl. my brother is friend's with her brother. my brother and her are also friends and seem to talk often. she had a crush on and liked my brother at some point, maybe she still does, i have no idea. sadly, we never really talk or anything, especially outside of social gatherings where the whole group is already hanging out. i spoke directly to her, and vice versa a handful of times yesterday while we were all hanging out. it was kind of me just speaking for the sake of speaking, i didn't go out of my way to do it too much though because i was very anxious, nervous, and insecure around her. anyway, we've never interacted on social media, and she hasn't followed me or anything even though she probably knows that i have some social media accounts, for example, on twitter she has most likely seen me reply to my brother's tweets. am i just being childish and over analyzing social media? i'm afraid she thinks i dislike her, and or dislikes me. she probably thinks i'm weird anyway. i don't think she would like me or find me attractive in any way. i think she can tell i'm ambitionless and socially awkward and maybe mentally a little odd.
hey guys. please check this out. my heart goes out to all of you experiencing this. it is crippling and mental torture when it gets out of hand and it feels like it has so much control over you. the world definitely puts enough things out there to scare us, but not enough to comfort us and assuage our fears. there is definitely a lack of balance and it's so frustrating because mental health is so important. anxiety can make you feel like you are going crazy and to me, that is the scariest and most deeply troubling symptom. the feeling that i can't trust my mind myself and that i've lost who i am completely and i'll never be the same. that's what fear and anxiety can do to you when not properly addressed! that being said, after weeks of constantly and i mean constantly searching on google for self help, i have finally found a resource that is starting to help me. most of the resources i've found only scratch the surface and are really tailored to mild anxiety they don't really help. i am only on the second module, but this is the most helpful source i have found for this illness and i am hopeful that i will get better. please please pleaseeeee at least look at this. give it a chance and open your mind to the possibility that you can be okay again. much love helping health anxiety http www.cci.health.wa.gov.au resources infopax.cfm?info id 53
how to get over embarrassment over having an anxiety attack at work? so the other day i had a full blown anxiety attack at work. all of the sudden my heart started racing, my whole body was shaking so bad, i felt like i couldn't breathe, and i was terrified. the fact that this was happening at work made it 1000 worse. i was with a coworker, and had to run to the bathroom for like 10 minutes to try to calm down. i barely calmed down, but went back out to help customers. i was probably obviously shaking like a lunatic, but i did my best to work through it. i was honest with my coworker and told them what was going on. this is a job that i've been doing on and off for several years. nothing bad happened, but my life has been chaotic lately and it just snowballed right then and there. how do i get over the embarrassment of this happening not only in front of my coworker but customers too? i still don't know if my coworker told my boss, but if they had, i'm sure my boss would have reached out by now. the last time i had an anxiety attack this bad was about 2.5 years ago. so it's not a common occurrence, but when i go back to work i'm afraid of it happening again, or about repeat customers commenting on it. i just feel so ashamed and like a total loser. i'm in my mid twenties, this shouldn't be happening. i want to hide in bed forever.
sharp, stabbing pain in head on top of head in the same spot every time, can't stop thinking it's a tumor for the past 4 months or so, i've been getting this off and on stabbing pain in the top of my head. it stabs for a second and then goes away, and it keeps happening, and it only seems to happen when i open my mouth or talk, or smile. i had a big episode where i thought i was dying of an aneurysm, and went to the doctor and all that and figured out that it was not the case, so i've been through all that, but i still can't help this nagging feeling of wtf is it then?? initially i theorized that it must be my headphones causing it headband is too tight , because the pain seems to be coming from muscles on the outside of skull, as shown by how when i massage it the pain temporarily suppresses. so i switched to in ear buds exclusively, and the pain went away for awhile. i thought i had won... but now it's back! agh. why? and now that i've ruled out headphones as the cause, i am freaking out again. constantly thinking it must be something fatal. even though i have already shown myself that it is muscle tension related massaging it, the fact that it only happens when i open my mouth etc. and multiple doctors have assured me that what i am experiencing is not life threatening. i just can't stop, i want the pain to leave me alone.
self diagnosis past 4 months i thought i would just list all the diseases problems i've convinced myself i've had the past few months. multiple trips to the dr, multiple blood tests everything coming back clear. diabetes, hiv, throat tongue mouth cancer, ms, lupus, overactive thyroid and sjogrens syndrome. yup, it's been a tough few months, i've lost so much sleep thinking about how i'm going to tell my friends and family, will i have to move back home to die? but i'm so young, this is so unfair? i'm still struggling, but for the past week i've stopped googling and honestly, it has helped. i still get the thoughts and worries, but by not googling they do not manifest in my mind as much. my doctor has diagnosed me with something though, and that something is anxiety. i think it's important to remember that anxiety does have loads of physical symptoms over 100! and can affect people in different ways. a website i find useful i know, no googling but this is different, right is https www.anxietycentre.com anxiety symptoms.shtml i've been lurking on this sub for the past month or so, and can really relate to posts here on a daily basis. it's somewhat comforting to know you're not alone with these crazy thoughts. if anyone is struggling and wants someone to talk to, my dms are open have a great week everybody. oh, and drink water.
anxiety spiking after starting fluoxetine prozac hello all! i m new here. i recently decided to take a break from a problematic drinking habit and found that i had been self medicating for anxiety more than i realized, as it sprang back with a fury. i decided to go back on ssri s, fluoxetine generic prozac specifically. i figured it would help me with the depression and anxiety as my brain healed. i ve been abstinent from alcohol for 82 days now. the first few days of fluoxetine were amazing, but then mid last week i started feeling really, really anxious. like, unprovoked, where are these waves of intense anxiety coming from? anxiety. i ve been on anti depressants in the past, so i m no stranger to their effects, but i don t remember having this negative of a reaction. ive been trying every coping mechanism i know. i have a very supportive family and am seeing a therapist, so i ll get through this. it s just extremely uncomfortable. did i mention that i m a middle school music teacher? it s really hard to stand up in front of a room of adolescents and conduct a rehearsal when you are in full fight or flight mode. anyone else have this experience? i read several posts on here from people saying that the ssris fixed the depression, but not the anxiety. i am hoping for more positive results in the long run. have a great one!
i have to vent! i am so rattled right now. i hate going to the doctor and going makes me freak out. my heart races, my blood pressure rises and my temp always rises to about a 99.0 which freaks my nervous ass out. i haven t had blood work done in nearly two years when i had leukemia anxiety . i am seriously petrified of what could come up in any blood work that is done. i am worried that i ll find out i m anemic because i m losing blood somewhere i fall asleep on the couch on occasion and it scares me . a new fear i also have is that i will faint when having blood drawn which has never happened before. earlier this week i built up the courage to go to my allergist so that i could get an update on my meds, i start to tell him about my recent weight gain from eating out all of the time and being careless with my diet . and he convinces me that there is something wrong with my thyroid from my zoloft. i am just so frustrated because i want to rule everything out and make sure i know i am fine to get started on getting this dumb anxiety to go away. but i am scared. he didn t take my blood today but when i go see my gyno in two weeks he wants me to. i am so nervous. ugh help!! has anyone else dealt with this. tl dr i am freaked out by the doctor. my allergist wants me to get bloodwork done and just the idea is making me crazy
vision oddities hey all, just wanted to ask if anyone had any similar experiences to myself. a few months ago, i 25 had my first panic attack that sent me to the er. ekg came out perfect, sent me home. soon after, i started getting more and more panic and anxiety symptoms at an increasing rate. started diagnosing myself foolishly with all kinds of different things from heart problems, a ministroke, ms, brain tumor, the works. went from 0 to hypochondriac in weeks. went to my doctor and got some tests for thyroid and such, all fine. my bp is slightly high at 135 82 as well. most of the symptoms of everything has gone away, except my vision. i woke up one morning about 6 7 days ago with.. not what i would call blurry vision, but almost an otherworldly filter applied to it. nothing is any more difficult to read, no flashing, no pain, no color changes, but things are just hard to look at and i've got a bit of tunnel vision going on. i've always had floaters in my vision and there aren't any new ones, but the floaters themselves are kinda blurry now and i notice them everywhere instead of just outside. could it just be eye strain from being in a constant state of stress for a month straight with poor sleep quality? i'm not asking for a diagnosis obviously, but i want to know if this is a shared experience from anyone else.
awful feeling of dizziness and brain fog when standing? just recently, i ve been experiencing a lot of dizziness, slight heartburn stomach aches, and heat flashes. heat flashes aren t exceptionally uncommon for me. i also get a lot of stomachaches. im not too worried about those. i have bad anxiety in general to begin with, so when i started noticing around tuesday or so i was getting this dizzying brain fog sort of thing i really began to freak out. i ve never experienced it before and i m worried it s something serious. i m chalking it up to stress right now just had a family death, general school stress, being broke, lack of sleep, etc but i m really worried. it hasn t stopped. i feel like i m about to faint frequently. it s weird to describe, but it s almost like my brain is going a few steps too far ahead of my body. sometimes vice verse. i stumble a lot when it happens and often need to hang on to something to steady myself. i ve noticed this is mostly happening when i stand. it s not as frequent or severe as when i m laying down, which makes it really hard to get stuff done. i don t think it s dehydration or a lack of sleep, either. i ve been getting 10 hours of sleep in since it began and i ve been drinking as much water and gatorade as possible. has anyone else experienced this? should i be calling a doctor?
trying to be a supportive girlfriend of hypochondriac boyfriend hi all! my boyfriend and i have been dating for over two years now and i always sorta joked about how he was a hypochondriac, but he s shared some recent concerns with me and i ve realized how severe his anxiety is behind it. a few weeks ago he was convinced he had als because of muscle twinges. last night he shared with me that he s terrified he has liver disease as a result of how much he used to drink in college. he gets down this long rabbit hole of searching through the internet and it drives me crazy because it s not helping anything. and he refuses to get tested for anything because he doesn t want it to be confirmed true. he has generalized anxiety on occasion and has started to go to a therapist but still hasn t talked about these types of things with the therapist, which drives me crazy. we re in our mid twenties, live in a metropolitan area, and live a pretty healthy lifestyle, going to the gym frequently and eating semi healthy. im thinking about blocking sites like mayo clinic and webmd so he can t search at home but i don t know if that s a mean thing to do. anyways, can you please share advice on how i can be the most supportive i can be? or any advice i can share with him?? thank you!! ps this has been my very first post to reddit d
going out on a limb here anyone else have benign brain calcification? i used to work at a cancer hospital and had severe health anxiety about brain tumors. i went to several doctors, all of which said i was healthy. i finally worked up the courage to go to a neurologist and upon seeing how anxious i was, she gave me a brain mri. it turns out that i had an incidental finding which was benign brain calcification . she said it is unremarkable and the rest was deemed normal . i had another ct a year later, and the size was unchanged. so that could indicate i ve just had it my whole life and means nothing, and they pushed the next ct to 5 years away which would be next year or the year after . they did say that if i m having symptoms such as a headache they gave no other symptoms , that we can schedule it sooner. i m just terrified that it s multiplying in my brain right now or something. i have terrible health anxiety and get horrible symptoms, especially with vision. i m just nervous that it s the calcification causing this and not my anxiety. has anyone else had experience with this? or any doctors that can give me some reassurance? i know i should just make an appointment with the neurologist, but she already thinks i m crazy and told me to see a psychologist about my anxiety which i do lol. thanks on advance!
going out on a limb here anyone else have benign brain calcification? i used to work at a cancer hospital and had severe health anxiety about brain tumors. i went to several doctors, all of which said i was healthy. i finally worked up the courage to go to a neurologist and upon seeing how anxious i was, she gave me a brain mri. it turns out that i had an incidental finding which was benign brain calcification . she said it is unremarkable and the rest was deemed normal . i had another ct a year later, and the size was unchanged. so that could indicate i ve just had it my whole life and means nothing, and they pushed the next ct to 5 years away which would be next year or the year after . they did say that if i m having symptoms such as a headache they gave no other symptoms , that we can schedule it sooner. i m just terrified that it s multiplying in my brain right now or something. i have terrible health anxiety and get horrible symptoms, especially with vision. i m just nervous that it s the calcification causing this and not my anxiety. has anyone else had experience with this? or any doctors that can give me some reassurance? i know i should just make an appointment with the neurologist, but she already thinks i m crazy and told me to see a psychologist about my anxiety which i do lol. thanks on advance!
driving suggestions tips that helped me i hate driving to new places, and this has helped me tons 1. pre research the address if the time is flexible, what times are the least busy google maps is a good one to check . is the destination open check the website ahead of time . 2. use street view to check out the entire route. 3. get your nav app all ready. i ve found that apple maps if you have this is amazing because it will say things like don t make right after this stoplight. make a right at the next one. the destination is in the right, pull into the next driveway on your left, etc. 4. leave with plenty of time to spare. assume you will make a few wrong turns. give yourself extra time to lose your way. 5. research parking ahead of time. use apps like parking hero. use the city s websites to find out the capacity of municipal parking ramps, if available. scope out street parking with google street view, too. 6. find alternatives to parallel parking. you can also park near driveways, so you can t get parked in easy pull in out . 7. dress comfortably so that if you get stressed, you won t get super sweaty. 8. make sure you have enough gas 9. adjust your mirrors, clean windows, headlights for visibility, ahead of time 10. listen to calming music driving playlist 11. get toll money ez pass ready ahead of time
anxiety at it again over mice this time. what do you do to ease your mind? i ve had health anxiety in the past about rabies and amoeba. each episode is weeks apart sometime a good couple months. since monday it s been about hantavirus. which i might add being in australia, there hasn t been any cases as of yet and to my knowledge don t have deer mice which are apparently a more common mouse to carry the virus. nonetheless, on monday when i went into work there was some little black things on my desk that i thought was dried glue from work however turned out to be mouse poo. i only picked the one bit up before being told it was mouse poo, then slid the rest onto paper towel with an aid so i didn t touch anymore with my hand directly. i then tossed it in the bin and washed my hands, i could have touched my forehead prior to washing but i can t be sure. anywho, ever since then when i googled mouse poo originally just to see what it looked like and it lead me down a health anxiety hole so to say. there is some mouse poo around my area as i work near the kitchen, however i didn t notice until i accidently picked a bit up off my desk with my bare hand. i know it s unlikely to get hanta, i have posted in other threads however it doesn t ease my mind. how do you ease your mind when having anxiety over some disease?
do you ever find your symptoms change or transfer to different areas? a couple of months ago i started getting this sharp pain in my upper right abdomen just below the ribcage. i'm 27 and regrettably eat a fair amount of takeout so naturally i assumed this to be gallbladder issues. i ended up getting it checked at the er one night when i got some really sharp pains and found a bump in that area. the doctor was convinced the bump was just fatty cartilage and since the pains seemed to happen at random and not after meals that it was likely not my gallbladder. they scheduled an ultrasound anyway which turned up with no issues which i was happy about. amp x200b that said since then i started getting neck back pain, which didn't really concern me given my crappy posture and i've always had a fair amount of neck tension. however in the past couple weeks i started getting random shoulder arm pains that come just as quick as they go, and today i started getting quick sharp chest pains, though i'm convinced the chest issue comes from some recreational smoking last night with some friends. amp x200b anyways, thinking about all this made me wonder if many other people here have dealt with anything similar, and honestly typing this all out has helped me deal with some of the anxiety which is a welcome bit of relief.
possible mono...maybe something worse noticed swollen tonsils scratchy throat last thursday. still hasn t gone away, but developed a persistent headache that intensifies with movement that s been going on for like 4 days now. obviously think it s a brain tumour. went to the doctors yesterday morning and they did a basic physical and did some neuro tests because i complained of strange, intense headaches . doctor ordered some blood work to test for mono but to only go through with it if my condition worsens all day today i was extremely tired. had to stay up to write a final essay but then around 3 am i start shaking uncontrollably chills and was burning up. i felt like i could ve thrown up any second. my fever reached 38.9 c which to me is extremely high. i took an advil about an hour and a half ago but my temperature is still the same. i m too scared to go to bed because i m worried my fever will skyrocket and i ll die in my sleep i ve been so good with my health anxiety lately and now this just randomly came along these are the only 2 outcomes in my head 1 i either have mono which i actually wouldn t be too nervous about because then at least i know what s wrong 2 i have cancer do you think this new fever warrants the blood test for mono? has anyone ever had mono and their symptoms sound similar?
weird, i'm fine. so over the last week or so i've had some symptoms. my tongue was sensitive and burned. mild aching in my jaw. cheek was kind of torn up and raw. my so was leaving across the country for a week when these symptoms showed up. they got worse until she got back. so things have died down then yesterday i sort of run my jaw on the right side. sure as shit, there's a mass or lump of some sort. i go into full panic mode through my whole work shift and into the night. in all lasting about 7 or 8 hours. so i call the dentist this morning. get fit in somewhere. it's about an hour drive for me to get there. nerves going crazy the whole time. thinking the worst case scenario as usual. i go in, i get into a room. they take some xrays. the assistant says hes going to get the doc and he'll be back. at this point to me its mouth cancer or some crazy abcess. the doc comes in, i explain my ha to him. he looks around a bit and god damn. it's a fucking canker sore. my lymphnodes are a tad swollen and that's what he said i felt. i could tell they were trying not to laugh at the fool who'd just spent 100 dollars to look at a canker sore. honestly it is funny though and hella relieving. just a good ol case of the ha. keep on powering through folks. it's usually never as bad as it seems. love ya people
i m a gay male hypochondriac so anxious about getting hiv. it s affecting my life and relationships. why do i feel like this? i have always had some form of hypochondria and more recently it has overrun my life and relationships. i am deeply anxious all the time. i m not intimate because of fear even though i m in a monogamous relationship and i m very conscious of my surroundings. for example , if i m walking and someone coughs near me i have to look the other way or turn around directions. if someone sneezes same thing. i have to get as far away from them. also if i go out to eat , i have to see food being prepared like sushi or salads in front of me , if i notice something off like worker using no gloves or touched something differently i buy the salad and struggle to eat it after inspecting it for blood or bodily fluid many times. i feel like my body is contaminated or some disease is brewing inside me all the time even though my latest blood work last august was all negative. i m a habitual hand washer and sanitizer and i use alcohol to sanitize my razors toothbrushes before every use. i know hiv is very hard to get but over the past couple years i have been tested over 100 times including majority over the counter hiv test for 40 each. this is crippling me and i want to resolve this fear.
hit my head on car trunk and caused my health anxiety to soar im a 22 year old male and i hit my head saturday afternoon on my car tailgate right before i went to go fish with some friends. it was the very top of my head but more towards my left side. don t really think it caused many problems other than hurting because i was still able to fish and remember when it happened and the events after it happened didn t blackout or whatever . later saturday night i felt my head and realized that it actually got cut and it s looks kind of like a small raspberry type injury about the size of a dime maybe smaller. anyways this caused me to become a huge hypochondriac and elevated my anxiety as i began to think about brain bleeds and what not. my pupils never became dilated and i ve just had a minor headache which could possibly be due to stress anxiety but the pressure is in my face eyes and nose area . the place where i hit is still sore and has the common goose egg. i ve got a unrelated doctors appointment friday and wanted to know if y all thought i would be fine until then. i also wanted to ease my mind about brain bleeds and how common they were with an injury like mine? haha hopefully this doesn't make me sound crazy, my anxiety has just been running rampant lately. thank you in advance everyone
shortness of breath that just won t go away age 19 male 220lbs just for some context, i ve been feeling this constantly since december, and since october i d say i ve had pretty bad health anxiety after finding multiple lumps under my skin. in november i went to a dermatologist to get them all checked out and the dermatologist said they were all lipomas and nothing to worry about, but health anxiety forgets about that after a week and ever since then i ve been scared of the potential of those lumps being sarcoma cancer. i m not sure if this is what is causing my shortness of breath, as the shortness of breath never goes away, it s there 24 7. yesterday i went to a walk in clinic to get examined for my shortness of breath and the doctor noticed a slight wheeze which sent me into a spiral of health anxiety as, me thinking i have sarcoma, i thought it might ve spread to the lungs or something. anyways he does some tests to see the power of my exhale don t remember what it s called and then gives me abeuterol and tries the text again. i got the same results, but he said when he checked my breathing after the wheeze was gone. so, in short, is this shortness of breath from anxiety, or could it be a very minor case of asthma? the doctor also got a chest x ray done and said everything looked normal.
possible explanation for brain fog, headaches, fatigue, dizziness with normal lab imaging findings hi all, i really hope this doesn't stir up more anxiety for anyone, but i have a possible explanation for some of the symptoms that often pop up here, especially for the folks that think they have a brain tumor. when the bones of the neck are not in proper alignment a lordotic curve , whether from past trauma e.g. whiplash, repetitive micro trauma , or poor posture, it can cause a bunch of symptoms that a lot of people are attributing to brain tumors headaches, dizziness, vision issues, brain fog, fatigue etc. . a formal x ray ct mri report will not usually comment on an absent lordotic curve if there is nothing pathologically wrong bone spurs, herniations etc. with the vertebrae or disc space, but a non lordotic curve does cause real symptoms. i came across this information through physio chiro, so if you're someone that slouches and has migraines and headaches, try keeping your chin tucked in, don't stay in awkward positions, take breaks from computer work, drink water, get a comfortable pillow, and keep your shoulders rolled back. i know not everyone's issues are related to this but it may be worth a try if your medical tests all came back negative but you're still experiencing symptoms.
politics has made me anxious again, i just want something to finally go right. hello. so my country is going to have an election in the fall. politics used to stress me out much more in the past i've since then cut a lot of the sites that were stressing me out and most days, i feel pretty good and don't really worry about it that much. my country has been ruled by religious extremists who are incredibly bigoted for eight years now i'm so tired of their constant discriminatory comments, blatant disregard for any sort of decency and integrity and they overall just make me so tired and anxious and sad. they've started to rule when i was a teen, and i'm a young adult and they're still at the helm. it seems like they will win this year again, and another, even more extreme religious conservatist party has a chance at becoming the third biggest power. i fell into a mental hole and i can't get out of it. i know that the elections will be in the fall and it's early spring, but i just feel so depressed and powerless. i feel like i have nothing to look forward to and that it will always just be horrible. i know that it's my brain making a bigger deal out of it than it should, but i'm just so tired of it all can at least one thing go how i want politically? how do you deal with feelings like these?
heart failure? male 17 amp x200b about 6 months ago i had my first panic attack. this was accompanied with palpitations and i was shaking very bad. i thought i was having a heart attack. i conitnued having these panic attacks but i understood that i wasn't having one heart attack every day so i tried convincing myself it was anxiety. i went to see a doctor after a while just to make sure nothing was wrong with me and i got a referal to the hospital to have a 24h ekg taken. i did and they noticed some extra beats . my heart rate was also pretty high for short periods during these 24 hours for unexplained reasons. i assume anxiety. i recently got another referal to a cardiologist and i am going to do a lot of different tests to make sure that nothing is wrong. i got the referal to the cardiologist 2 weeks ago but i haven't recieved a letter, phone call or anything. so who knows how long it will take? i recently started having a cough. it feels like theres some wet thing stuck in my throat and i clear my throat all the time. i can sometimes feel it in my lungs as well. this accompanied with shortness of breath. now i have managed, thanks to the help of dr. google, to diagnose myself with congestive heart failure. has anyone else experienced anything similar? i am starting to lose patience.
terrified of als ms or some kind of serious neurological condition i am a 24 year old male. i'm overweight but otherwise healthy as of a full physical with cbc 6 months ago. i usually go for a walk for about a half hour during my lunch break. i guess about 3 weeks ago, i went out and i felt very tired after a few minutes. my legs were burning and i felt like i had to like drag them. after that i freaked out about what could be wrong with me. since then, i dread lunchtime because i go for a walk, feel tired, and get very anxious afterwards as a result. the whole time i'm walking i'm thinking i'm going to collapse, or i'm not going to be able to make to back to the office, etc. today i went out and my left leg felt worse than my right, which is why i started to fear als, because i readf it affects one limb worse than the other. the muscle in the front of my calf was burning so much i felt like i had to drag it. the whole afternoon i sat at my desk flexing my legs and it feels like the right one is stronger. i know i'm out of shape and need to lose weight, but i've never had problems like this before as a result of my anxiety. i'm going to make an appointment to go to the doctor tomorrow morning, but i'm the meantime i'm just imagining hearing i have als and only have a few years to live.
health anxiety that has lead to panic disorder my health anxiety has led to panic disorder, my panic attacks are almost daily now honestly. me health anxiety has gotten worse over the course of college, i used to get sick or feel something and go on about my day and not care too much. but now if i even get a cough or cold i think i have lung cancer or something, lately i ve been short of breath anytime i try and do anything, night just all be in my head but it makes me wanna just lay in bed. i m an active person, i lift 5 6x a week, been taking some time off here and there because of the anxiety and panic attacks. i noticed whenever i see something like a friend being diagnosed with pulmonary embolism that i ll look it up and then think i have it, or feel a normal bodily sensation and get fixated on it and make everything worse until i m in panic mode. i would have to say the worst thing is being dizzy, i feel like i m constantly dizzy most places leaving my house and it makes me uncomfortable and fear i ll pass out although this wouldn t happen bc my bp is normal at those times or high if anything. i d just like to know other health anxiety worries of people, fears, panic attack stories, what you ve done to cope? because i have a lexapro prescription but not sure about it yet. thanks!
anyone else anxiety symptoms run like clockwork at specific times of the day? i think my gad is so severe it now has a physiological source where my brain chemistry is messed up. my cortisol or serotonin levels throughout the day decide how i feel. dae see patterns in their anxiety symptoms like this? mornings wake up feeling shaky and short of breath, takes 30min of scrolling on my phone to get the motivation to get up. afternoon tension builds up and i feel stiff and uncomfortable for no reason. or have an adrenaline dump around this time early evening can be 50 50. either i feel fine or symptoms start up again and last for a bit late evening right at around 11pm or so some chemical switch goes off in my body and 80 of my issues vanish. it gets easier to breathe, my heart slows down, and my brain fog lifts. start feeling much happier too and its very obvious the constant subconscious anxiety has lifted. i have always been a night owl and even before my panic disorder i had weird spurts of energy and motivation in the late evening which made me a productivity machine in the am. sleep i can sleep relatively ok but if something startles me and wakes me up i have a full on panic attack. i get at least 7h of sleep daily. amp x200b i wonder if medication can help fix this. any experiences?
health anxiety that has lead to panic disorder my health anxiety has led to panic disorder, my panic attacks are almost daily now honestly. me health anxiety has gotten worse over the course of college, i used to get sick or feel something and go on about my day and not care too much. but now if i even get a cough or cold i think i have lung cancer or something, lately i ve been short of breath anytime i try and do anything, night just all be in my head but it makes me wanna just lay in bed. i m an active person, i lift 5 6x a week, been taking some time off here and there because of the anxiety and panic attacks. i noticed whenever i see something like a friend being diagnosed with pulmonary embolism that i ll look it up and then think i have it, or feel a normal bodily sensation and get fixated on it and make everything worse until i m in panic mode. i would have to say the worst thing is being dizzy, i feel like i m constantly dizzy most places leaving my house and it makes me uncomfortable and fear i ll pass out although this wouldn t happen bc my bp is normal at those times or high if anything. i d just like to know other health anxiety worries of people, fears, panic attack stories, what you ve done to cope? because i have a lexapro prescription but not sure about it yet. thanks!
stressing a little of medication side effect hi! i've been having issues with constantly feeling like i need to pee and not emptying my bladder for a few months now although all medical tests have indicated there's nothing at least structurally wrong . i am a male. i was prescribed 0.4 mg tamsulosin hcl aka flomax , which relaxes the muscles in the pelvic area, and muscle tension and anxiety are suspected to be the cause. i read through the booklet i got with the medicine and i just have concerns about the fact that one of the side effects is retrograde ejaculation where semen enters the bladder instead of leaving the body...sorry for putting that image in everyone's heads . it itself is not a serious symptom, and i know even if it does happen, it will go away when i stop taking the medicine. i'm only taking it short term, too. i guess basically does anyone else also get stressed out about side effects? any mental tips on how to stop being so crazy about it? of course i know rationally that my doctor decided the benefit much outweighs potential risks, and that they always put every possible side effect because that's just legalese and what not. it's ridiculous because i know this medicine was given to me to help me! but this crazy irrational side of me can't just relax and take it..
just so scary. so, i ve had health anxiety for most of my life. like over 30 years. i am a nurse. it was easy to go into healthcare because id spent so much of my life researching different diseases i was sure i had, or thought i had a good chance of getting, or someone i knew i had. i used to really obsessively research stuff, it somehow made me feel better. anyway. now, i m a nurse. i just finished a 4 day stretch of shifts 14 hours a day, no time for meal breaks or any rest at all during work and i only had time to sleep about 6 hours between shifts. so, i know rationally that my body and mind are exhausted and that exacerbates the health anxiety. but i woke this morning and every single muscle in my legs and back hurt so bad i can hardly walk. my hands are clammy and cold and sweaty this never happens . i keep swinging between feeling really hot and then getting really chilled. i also have severe emetophobia and i m terrified i m coming down with something. my tummy feels weird like i need to poop but i can t. i can t stand the thought of food. my throat hurts. and all of this is setting off major panic attacks so bad i feel like i can t leave my house. i have a therapy appt in an hour and i really really need to go grocery shopping . please help. do you think i m sick? thanks.
psyching myself out over hereditary cancer so this last summer my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that has since gotten way worse. when she was diagnosed and they were testing her they found out that she a gene that can cause it and that gene can be passed down to my brother and i. i don t even know the exact details of it, but i ve read stuff about how with hereditary colon cancer you have anywhere from a 50 80 chance of developing it anytime before you re 50. that obviously scares the absolute shit out of me. they said even with a healthy diet and exercise you still have a chance of getting it before 50. you can only do so much to control it basically. i went to see one doctor for something unrelated and she told me i needed to get screened at age 32 i m 22 but i m scared i ll get it before then and it ll be too late. my mother didn t realize she had it for over a year and when she finally had symptoms she was already stage 4. idk i m freaking myself the hell out because i ve battled intense health anxiety all my life and what s happening to my mother and what i ve learned from it is triggering the fuck out of me. it doesn t help that i m extremely picky and find it harder than most to eat healthy and the only exercise i get is walking and light lifting at work.
should i wait for my appointment on monday or go now? i keep freaking myself out... im not seeking any medical advice i just want to know if this type of thing can wait a couple days or if it s an emergency. so i have pretty bad depression and it makes me lose motivation to take care of my health. despite that i have health anxiety and always thing i m gonna die lol. well i went to the dentist recently and we scheduled a day to do some fillings and i have one tooth that needs to be extracted but was waiting for a later date. my fillings appointment is on monday. just my luck, either the tooth that needs to be extracted or the tooth that needed a filling next to it got infected just yesterday. i had bad jaw pain and tooth pain and my face is swelling. i m taking some over the counter meds and trying to tell myself i can wait this out until my appointment on monday. i m not in any pain anymore but my face is swollen still. anyway i know a tooth infection left untreated can get worse and start breaking down your jaw and infect your heart and whatnot and the thought of that is really freaking me out. i m afraid if i wait half a week to go to my dentist it will land me in the hospital. i just need someone to tell me i ll be okay and waiting till monday isn t long of a wait. ugh...
bump on the fore head i have noticed that there is a bump it s bone though, not actual bump as when you bump your head against something on one side of my forehead. i can definitely see it looking from the profile. i haven t ever really spent ages investigating my forehead shape, but i m pretty sure it wasn t there always however, i couldn t tell how long it s been present either. years ago i had a pretty bad head injury in an accident, but i was overall ok and haven t really had any problems since so i m guessing it s probably not directly related, if there is anything... as of recent i have developed strange little symptoms, eg. i feel like i m clumsier less well co ordinated than before and my muscles on one side feel a bit strange achy sometimes, but these things aren t very consistent and aren t really getting worse, they re probably in my head and they do get better with vitamin b. i know i tend to be a bit hypochondriac and after that accident years ago i was, understandably, pretty paranoid about anything head related that s why i m hesitant to actually speak to a doctor in case they think i m crazy and i waste their time on nonsense. if there s anyone on here who knows a bit about the subject any doctors or med students maybe do you reckon it is worth checking out?
i am just glad i have found you i have been struggling with severe health anxiety for the last six months. in the past year my life has been turned upside down i was bullied on my workplace, i moved to the uk from italy and my parents divorced. and although i am living with the most wonderful man i have ever met, and i am finally doing what i love in a city i adore i feel completely broken. every night i go to bed thinking about the fact that a tragedy is meant to happen sooner than i could imagine, and that a terrible unnamed illness will take me away from the love of my life and from my dream of becoming a museum curator. every day i make an effort to get up and i immediately start checking my breasts and my neck for lumps. i feel exhausted. i only wish i could be able to enjoy a pleasant evening at the restaurant without a cruel voice inside my brain whispering that my happiness is not meant to last. i do not want to live like this anymore. i am 27, i have the holy right to be happy and healthy and to enjoy my life. this is so unfair. i wanted to thank you guys for putting into words all the things i constantly feel deep inside my chest. you made me understand that i am not alone in this. and i know that someday we'll get all the happyness and the peace that we deserve.
do any of you feel restless about living even the simplest way? i m anxious and worried all the time and i just can t live like this hello everyone, new to this community. just wanted to know if how i feel is felt by someone else around the world. i m just tired. and not because of the spring air and everything. this last few months i ve experienced record anxiety levels and they kind of stopped but it s a loop, when i least expect it they come back. and for the silliest things too. i can t enjoy any day anymore because of how bad the situation got. i m currently in therapy, i journal, i practice sport and meditate, i try to distract myself but anything seems to work. i ve tried all the methods, i ve read thousands of articles. i feel restless and it s a feeling i ve been carrying with me for quite a while now. my mind constantly works, elaborates stuffs even when it should shut down. i used to dream a lot a few months ago, and now all i do is go to bed trying to empty my head before it hits the pillow. am i close to a burnout? i can t focus on studying because my mind is elsewhere. i just don t know what to do anymore since i ve tried everything i could. do you have any suggestions or pieces of advice? any techniques to calm the mind down that actually work? thank you .
it finally got the best of me i have suffered with health anxiety over the past year but it s been increasingly worse the past few months. this along with the stress i have been under lately has been a disastrous combination. my heart rate has been higher than usual lately along with this weird pain in chest and shoulder,obviously leading me to constantly believe i m having a heart attack. also i ve been somewhat struggling with more intense allergy symptoms. i don t have health insurance so i ve been trying to just ignore it and chalk it up to stress but of course my mind wonders and then i go to google. the past month alone i ve convinced myself that i have various heart issues, brain tumors, als and so many more. so, long story short, yesterday it got the best of me and i had a panic attack and went to urgent care. the nurse practitioner has pretty much decided it s all stress related but decided to do an ekg and a few blood tests anyway. the ekg came back fine and he says by the look of things i seem pretty healthy. unfortunately the blood test result won t be in until saturday so that s weighing on me because i m obviously thinking the worst but he prescribed me some anxiety meds and they have helped slightly. but it still sucks to be such a prisoner in my own mind.
my brain seems over active in social settings, especially after been diagnosed a year ago with diabetes, this has took my energy trying to fix it, and thanks to the medication on max dose and diet changes, this seems to now be working. next, i want to fix my anxiety, which got worse in last years, due to a few things, like the diabetes, lock downs, and struggles with such . my brain seems over active, like if i see someone pass next to my front window, it will make me flinch. if doorbell goes it can do that. would you say i have general anxiety? my eyes look ugly and intense when i am anxious, and i hate eye contact when like this. haven't been able to orgasm for many years due to constantly rushing my thoughts. struggle with eye contact when anxiety is high or confidence is low. find it hard to show natural emotions, like smile etc. it's faked. i am use to routines. i want to overcome the above naturally. i do exercise and have gone out on walks each week either by myself or with parents family. i try various natural supplements that might just help. the latest i am trying is lithium. what helped you, do you have the above symptoms? i want to fix the above and make a new friend partner though i am asexual , and go on holiday. i'd like that! but it feels impossible atm.
i m so truly exhausted. i don t know why my brain is the way it is anymore and it hurts. i m struggling so much. here s my story if you want to stick around to read it. last year, about this same time i got covid, probably the worst thing i have ever gone through in my entire life, besides the horrible sickness part, somehow it sparked some sort of new anxiety in me. before it i never experienced anxiety like i do now, but somehow it came on painfully out of no where. panic attacks more than once a day, unable to control my thoughts, horrible intrusive thoughts, nightmares, insomnia, constant fidgeting amp some anger irritability for no reason at all. after a month or two from healing from covid covid long haul i was getting better, no more panic attacks, able to drive, get out and be happy. i was okay, till now. one night i woke up a little too early so i decided to stay up instead of falling back asleep for three or so hours, and boom it was back. my mind went straight back to the anxiety, the irritability and pain as before but without the anxiety. it s been a few weeks or so now since it started and i feel so tired and mentally drained. i started some anxiety meds buspirone 5mg 2x and haven t seen a massive amount of change yet. advice? help? do i just give up?
overcoming exhaustion? first time poster here. i think it s appropriate because i think a big part of this may be health anxiety related. i travel a lot for my job. it s mid feb and i ve been in 5 cities in 2 countries already. i train and speak, so it s energy intensive work. not to mention flying all the time. i have two cross country trips 5 flights this week alone. i keep getting super sick. last year i was not well bronchitis, pneumonia from early october through thanksgiving, then caught the flu in early december. yesterday i started coming down with aches and sore throat, had to take a day off work to rest and am fully exhausted still. i don t know if this is a real thing or if this is normal given the circumstances? i now have so much anxiety about staying healthy that i take all kinds of supplements and wear a mask in airports planes. i was my hands every hour. i feel like such a freak but i m so tired of being sick, i ll do anything! i want to get stronger, but the exhaustion gets worse after i exercise. i ll swim in a hotel pool or walk a few miles and just be crawling at the end of a really light workout. any advice from folks who have overcome or learned to manage exhaustion gratefully received. i m off to bed now but will check back in the morning.
overcoming exhaustion? first time poster here. i think it s appropriate because i think a big part of this may be health anxiety related. i travel a lot for my job. it s mid feb and i ve been in 5 cities in 2 countries already. i train and speak, so it s energy intensive work. not to mention flying all the time. i have two cross country trips 5 flights this week alone. i keep getting super sick. last year i was not well bronchitis, pneumonia from early october through thanksgiving, then caught the flu in early december. yesterday i started coming down with aches and sore throat, had to take a day off work to rest and am fully exhausted still. i don t know if this is a real thing or if this is normal given the circumstances? i now have so much anxiety about staying healthy that i take all kinds of supplements and wear a mask in airports planes. i was my hands every hour. i feel like such a freak but i m so tired of being sick, i ll do anything! i want to get stronger, but the exhaustion gets worse after i exercise. i ll swim in a hotel pool or walk a few miles and just be crawling at the end of a really light workout. any advice from folks who have overcome or learned to manage exhaustion gratefully received. i m off to bed now but will check back in the morning.
has anyone else have had this type of anxiety attack? i have generalized anxiety but for the past couple of months, due to the death of a loved one, my health anxiety, which was already present, has skyrocketed. anyway, yesterday i started feeling anxious about something else than my health and then i had some coffee and started to feel sick, like i was dizzy, confused and nauseous. health anxiety showed up again. while i was walking home i was constantly thinking i was going to die right there in the street and i started crying. i kept thinking i don't want to die in the street like this. at least let me get home before i die. . i got home and my relatives tried to comfort me, but i couldn't calm down. i kept crying and feeling ill. i even vomited a little. anyway, they helped me test my temperature and blood pressure and blood sugar and they all looked fine, but i was not feeling fine at all. eventually i did calm down, but it felt like forever. and i still feel physically bad, so to say. i have aches and pains all over all the time. i feel like i'm 80 and i'm only 25. i don't get the normal raising heart beat thinking i'm having a heart attack kind of anxiety attacks so i'm not even sure if this is anxiety attack. did any of you experience something similar?
it looks like i've found a home. my anxiety is ruining my life hello everyone! so i have been suffering from severe health anxiety for years now, it's about my heart. when i was 18 i fell down the stairs in my house and when i got up my heart was beating totally out of rhythm seeming at random, turned out i had a fib and i had to get shocked twice back into normal rhythm. i am 22 now and have never gone back into a fib but from what doctors have told me it's only a matter of time and usually it gets more and more common until it's always there. this scares the shit out of me. on top of that for whatever reason i get svt's when i have panic attacks so my heart just beats out of my chest and it feels awful like what i would imagine a heart attack would feel like. so now i'm scared of getting these svt's and since i'm scared of getting them i'll panic and actually get them. just a giant negative feedback loop. i'm on cipralex for anxiety and have been for two years but just learned from a pharmacists that it can cause even more heart rhythm issues which is the source of my current anxiety attack, since the cipralex doesn't help at all anyways. how do you guys deal with this stuff? other than with copious amounts of ativan like i am now. which still isn't helping.
please help , experiencing anxiety while driving i have developed anxiety while driving im 26 and started driving since 16 i had a serious work injury over 3 years ago that resulted in my fingers being amputated in the hospital. i do not drive as frequently at all before but 2 years mark i notice that i became a little tensed up, anxious while driving up to now i shake while driving and it only happens when i drive and if it gets bad enough i ll kinda feel like imma pass out but never have thank god this is absolutely defeating and horrible for me as i used to drive heavy duty class vehicles w big trailers everyday, even heavy equipment. i use to drive to the ends of the earth and back when i used to work so this is just completely unreal to me how i feel now cant even drive my boat with my dad on the lake although its not as bad as driving on the road now i cant even make it to the store without taking side roads avoiding congested traffic, drive late in the night family ask me for favours driving to the store and such and i just get things delivered . thoughts suggestions? i always had anxiety, idk if its just evolving as im getting older. i have bought some aswagandha but haven t taken it yet as im trying to push back naturally from using it. thanks all
ex partier, now healthy but with major ha wondering if anyone else has dealt with this! i am now 27. when i was 18 i started a 6 year long party bender. daily marijuana, pack of cigarettes a day, drinking 5 6 nights a week, mdma every weekend. it was intense. i was on zoloft at the time for my anxiety and depression due to a crappy upbringing and social anxiety. flash forward to now. quit pills 4 years ago, quit weed 1.5 years ago, quit cigarettes a month ago and now only drink once or twice a week. however. since getting healthier and stopping substances, my body has freaked out and feels like complete garbage every day. i have constant heart palpitations, tingling and headaches. i've had ecgs, a brain cat scan, mri on my chest, lung x ray, blood pressure monitor and numerous blood tests and literally they can't find anything wrong with me. i am sad because i feel worse now than i ever did during my party days, and according to doctors i am in great shape considering. also go to the gym 3 4 days a week. but every day i wake up exhausted, with random pains, not able to focus, random sweating fits, weakness. panic attacks at least once a week in the er 2 times a month . anyone else who used to be a crazy party animal have these issues after getting sober??
health anxiety about multiple sclerosis? for the past year i have had neurological symptoms that lead me to googling then becoming fixated on ms. i started getting muscle twitches all over and on my mouth particularly, then a tingling buzzing heel of my left foot, muscle soreness on my arms, tingling tip of nose and scalp, various shooting pains and horrible neck pain. this was all on and off. my foot has been buzzing for months and months on and off. i had cancer when i was younger and my doctors think i just have health anxiety, or neuropathy from old chemo which is uncommon anyways i got a new doctor and she scared me more because she told me it doesnt sound like full blown ms but i can do some tests basically even though she said it didnt sound like it, she still didnt rule it out. that was enough to scare me into a spiraling panic. i google my symptoms every day, read up on ms and i m fully convinced i have it. i even posted on the ms forum here but now i wonder if it could all just be anxiety. i m terrified. i ve been obsessing over this for a year now. i haven t had any debilitating symptoms like numbess or pins and needles or vision loss. i got a full eye exam and they said my eyes were 100 percent healthy. not sure what i should do at this point
help for when your anxiety turns physical? i've had panic attacks and such, but one thing that's a bit more off and on is how anxiety affects my stomach. when i had daily stomach pains in elementary school that were unexplained it now makes sense that it was definitely anxiety brewing. i'm going through a period right now where my stomach is just revolting against me. i have the urge to go just about all day every day, and will sometimes go 2 4 times a day when my usual is once a day , plus it's now usually loose, which wasn't an issue before. the only thing i've found to kind of help is tazo zen tea. it does ease the stomach upset a bit, but i also can't drink that much of it before making myself nauseous even more sick. how does everyone deal with this in terms of their anxiety? i only have this issue on weekdays when i have work, i'm usually normal on weekends, so it's obviously the anxiety. i just feel tortured by my stomach right now. i also meditate, which only helps for me while i'm actually doing it, so the anxiety comes right back as soon as i open my work computer, basically. anything soothing for the stomach would be great... although i will say, i am currently dieting wedding in june and trying to stick to low point foods drinks on ww.
does anyone else have a rotating 'portfolio' of health worries? i've had a number of scares in the past year since i've identified my health anxiety. i wouldn't call any of them explicitly painful, but there's a distracting discomfort that's hard to shake and when a panic attack happens, the discomfort is magnified a hundredfold. my mind tends to focus on one of them at a time my chest, my abdominal area, my tooth filling, and my testicle. doctors have already told me that each of these areas are fine, and i'm mostly mentally stable with that, but when my anxiety flares up it tells me that the doctors didn't do enough tests, they just brushed it off as imagined anxiety pains or ibs because i'm young and the probability of something serious is low. it's like my anxiety constantly picks at my defenses to see if it can get a footing and crawl into my brain. i used to be a webmd nut that would look up every odd symptom and have panic attacks. i still get freaked out by the odd thing that i have a brain tumor every time i misspell a word or i flub some speech, for example. but i'm mostly sticking to the ones i know nowadays. does anyone else have a 'portfolio' of half resolved worries like this? or does your anxiety mostly conjure up new symptoms?
is it anxiety and over thinking? or is it intuition? how to know the difference? my partner has lied to me in the past and now anything that is remotely close to that topic makes me think he s lying. and then i spiral and think i have to check his phone, then i think he deleted messages, then i need to check his apple watch, and then i think he may have used another form of contact and i start to feel like maybe i m being illogical and crossing the line. in the moment, i feel like nothing can give me relief except for finding solid proof. i m not proud of this behavior. i recently started therapy for my overall anxiety. unfortunately it is hard to afford to have sessions often enough. context he lied 1.5 years ago about something relating to a female coworker it was not infidelity. after lying, he was able to prove he was telling the truth. i feel 99 confident about it. since then, he lied about about small things like not playing video games while on the phone. idk i don t want to damage my relationship with this but i also don t want to be lied to again and turn a blind eye. so how can i know if i am acting because of anxiety and overthinking opposed to following intuition and following my gut. my intuition is how i caught his initial lie.
ear infection or something more? hi all, this is sort of a follow up post from this https www.reddit.com r healthanxiety comments 7xnd17 when to go to the doctor for recurring flu i woke up with ear pain this morning in addition to the other symptoms and i ve had recurring ear infections for the past few years so i didn t think it was related to everything else going on. the doctor said that it s a middle ear infection and my lungs sounded clear, my throat looked fine, etc. so the fever and aches are all from the ear. while i was in the waiting room i went and replied to my post above. a few minutes after the receptionist called me up to the desk to get my doctors note for work and when i got there i fainted like full on blacked out, unconscious, woke up confused and surrounded by nurses, etc. i ve fainted before but only when needles were involved. the doctor said i had low blood pressure and low blood sugar probably true, i ve had no appetite and have barely eaten and the fainting was not because of the ear infection itself. i m home now and my fever is still 100. i m just worried because the ear pain didn t even start until today but i ve had the fever since yesterday. do you guys think i need a second opinion or am i overanalyzing this?
stiff neck and head aches, worried this could be be bacterial meningitis after ear infection? about 6 days ago i started getting strange head aches. i felt a sudden, short sharp pain on the left side of my head which was followed by extreme warmth and a panic attack. since then i've had sharp head pain come randomly for a couple seconds, then go. it's usually on the left middle side of my head, but sometimes happens on the right. i've also been having bouts of pain in the back of the head as well. i haven't needed to take medicine for this as the pain comes randomly and isn't painful enough to need relief. amp x200b from the first day this happened i also had stiff shoulders and neck. i assumed this was because of anxiety that the headaches were from stress muscle strain. today the neck pain got so bad i needed advil. it feels very stiff and over the course of the last hour it's gotten significantly worse. the advil hasn't kicked in yet even though i took it 30 mins ago. i'm really worried this could be bacterial meningitis? i got an ear infection a couple days before the initial headaches. i was prescribed antibiotics for it, but did not take them because the infection got better after a couple more days. any advice is greatly appreciated.
sore gland in neck for six days, feeling so down with this anxiety. just need to vent. i've had this problem on and off for a while where it'll flare up for a few days and then go away for a while. i have no idea what triggers it. it's always the left side of my neck under my jaw. i'm assuming it's a lymph node, but i can't feel anything when i feel around in that area. but the pain is very localized to that one spot, when i press on it or turn my head it'll hurt right there. it also hurts when i swallow but not in a sore throat way, more like something is bumping against that inflammation and irritates it. i might go to the walk in clinic today because i'm sick of worrying about it. i have no other symptoms besides a small headache between my eyebrows which started up about two days ago and has stayed pretty constant. it feels like a sinus headache but i don't have the other symptoms besides my typically slightly stuffy nose. trying to stop obsessing over lymphoma since i know that causes painless nodes and swelling. i just hate that i'm having this for seemingly no reason. i'd feel better if i had a cold because at least then i'd understand the pain came from that. god. i feel like i've had one thing after another for the past six months.
constantly checking for signs of brain problem hey, guys. so this is a little difficult to explain, so hopefully i can describe it as cohesively as possible. so, a couple months ago i developed a little obsession with misreading things. i misread a couple of words and immediately began to think there is something wrong with my brain . well now, it s manifested itself in just about everything. in a bizarre way to prove i do don t have a problem, i ve begun subconsciously checking every thing i read and hear to see if i made a mistake. for instance, i ll skim a headline really fast online, then get frustrated when i misread it even though i didn t carefully read it . because i m now checking every single word i read and hear, i m constantly misreading, mishearing and misunderstanding things, because i m focusing on each individual word and not the sentence as a whole. it s mentally exhausting and is effecting my reasoning skills and memory, which of course, is fueling my health anxiety as it further proves i have something wrong with me. of course, occupying my mind with this causes me to make many, many mistakes which you guessed it fuels it more. has anyone else struggled with health anxiety pertaining to a brain problem? this really sucks.
dry skin this might be better suited for r anxiety in general, but since my anxiety seems to be health anxiety i figured i'd start here. as a background, i've never had an anxiety stress issue prior to september, but labor day weekend i had what i now know was a panic attack that sent me to the er. since then i've been convinced of heart disease, brain tumor, diabetes and have been under constant stress the entire time with every single thought it seems being dedicated to why i feel the way i do. mri, ultrasounds, ekg, stress test, blood work all comes back clean and my doctor just tells me it's stress anxiety. amp x200b the last few weeks i have had ridiculously dry skin which i have never had before. i saw my doctor last week and again he said it's just stress and none of my tests have been out of the ordinary to suggest otherwise. he started me on celexa this week has been a roller coaster of suck, but i'm hopeful for anxiety. amp x200b has anyone dealt with chronic dry skin as a result of anxiety? if so, what was your best way to help? i know clearing stress anxiety, meditating, etc., but i'm thinking more of the immediate while i work on me . it's hard to break the anxiety cycle when every time i touch something or move my skin hurts.
can t do this anymore. as the title says i really can t do this anymore, living with anxiety and health anxiety isn t even living it s basically existing. it s got to the point that it s changing who i am as a person, i ve become jealous of people for being able to just live their lives, i feel like i m becoming a bad mum and partner through it and i ve decided it s time for a change. instead of going to the doctor for yet more tablets i ve decided to overcome it myself, eating better, sleeping better, avoiding alcohol i ve realised this does not help at all it helps while i m drinking and then the next day is hell avoiding caffeine and exercising and reading more. i ve started playing the sims on my phone just to keep my mind active and on something other than my health or whatever strange worry my mind decides to have that day. i ve decided enough is enough and i m going to push myself to do things i would never usually do and get better. sorry for the moaning boring post but sometimes it feels good to get it out to people who actually know how you feel and won t just say you ll be alright also a great app i ve found is called dare it s absolutely brilliant for panic attacks and has really helped me the last few days. thanks for reading.
anxiety over therapy hii! i live in belarus and in my country there are no cbt practitioners. all our doctors can offer is pills. maybe talking therapy. i don't want to spend my time just talking about my anxiety, it's not gonna help. i've been struggling with anxiety throughout my life. i had ocd sometimes still have it , but overcame it on my own using internet and articles of dr. steven phillipson. i had gad just general anxiety 24 7 and overcame it by accepting using the book by claire weekes hope and help for your nerves . now i suffer from severe health anxiety. i've read some books and other sufferers on forums told me some techniques. what i've been using is more act acceptance and commitment therapy than cbt. and it was quite helpful for me. i have always had problems challenging the thought, it's much easier to accept it and let it float past me as clouds as just anxiety . lately i've read on wikipedia that cbt is a gold standard approach. and developed anxiety what if yess classic what if thought the approach you've been using is wrong and is not recognized by therapists? . i lack confidence, although i have tools. but i continue googling. i understand this is just another anxiety about the therapy maybe a sign i'm recovering.
i ve been trying to get help for months it s so frustrating our healthcare system is so over burdened. the psychiatrist in town has an almost 9 month wait list but i finally got in . the community parent support worker i was connected to cancelled our sessions because their department ran out of funding the program was cut. i m waiting until they announce the new budget in april and get more funding. then i ll get a worker back i m giving every ounce of effort i have to get the supports i need and use them so that i can learn to function on my own. i have a 4 year old and i hate how im raising him. i feel like an asshole trying to explain to my dr that even though my house is full of food i struggle to feed him properly because i have no appetite i don t cook for myself and i don t know what to feed him. i look at all the food in my cupboard and i can t make a decision on what to make. but then my son tells me he s hungry right now so i just microwave a pizza pocket or corn dog for him. i m just so tired. i m failing at everything. i ve reached out for support and the people in the roles want to help me bc they see me trying. my psychiatrist even has seen me on his days off. it s just the system as a whole that is underfunded and broken
irrationally terrified of seizures i have spent today being irrationally terrified of having a seizure. i've never had a seizure before. i've seen my sister having a diabetic seizure, but that's as close as i've gotten to experiencing one. my anxiety stems from the fact that people with retinal migraine are at a higher risk of experiencing seizures and strokes. then there is this i was prescribed wellbutrin last week to help with getting out of bed in the mornings coupled with venlaflaxine . my psych informed me that drinking alcohol can result in a seizure while on wellbutrin. in addition, so can combining wellbutrin and aspirin advil. he said tylenol is ok, and i checked online for any drug interactions, too, which confirmed that it should be ok. i have a cold today and an upset stomach, so i took some tylenol cold amp flu pills to relieve it. and then i spent the rest of my evening preoccupied by the idea of having a seizure because i took tylenol. i even contemplated seriously telling my boss that i could have a seizure, along with wanting to tell my coworker that if i am on the ground shaking uncontrollably that it is a seizure and to call an ambulance. completely irrational, i know. some days are just worse than others i suppose.
brain tumor anxiety hey reddit. i'll start by saying that i'm a huge 22 year old hypochondriac. it started in last december, when i pooped a lot of blood and i was convinced that i've got colon cancer, i couldn't function properly for a whole month before i got my colonoscopy which revealed a small benign polyp which was removed. anyways, since yesterday all i've been reading about is brain tumors. the reason of that is, when i was in work yesterday slept only 6 hours and didn't have breakfast, then worked from 8 am to 2 pm i kind of tripped twice when i was standing and wanted to turn around. like, i'm clumsy overall and i sometimes trip or bump onto things, but never so often. also, when handing the change to the customer i'm a student but i work part time as a cashier i dropped a coin twice. or when he asked me for certain cigarretes, i grabbed the blue instead of red ones etc. after the day of overall lack of concentration i started googling and i found that brain tumor may cause clumsiness, loss of concentration, balance etc. i had a ct scan done 4 years ago due to head trauma but it was clear. however, i've read that tumors can grow fast. should i go to doctor or observe myself for couple days? i've never head headaches as well.
nausea so recently my fear of throwing up has come back, im pretty sure it happened after a night of heavy drinking and that lead to me getting sick. so ever since that night ive basically been in fear of it happening again, so for about id say 3 weeks now im basically just always nauseous, i feel horrible but eventually forced myself too eat. in a huge twist that no one saw coming after eating i actually felt better, so my brain was like a ha! i did it! i know its just anxiety! i can fix it!...but we all know its not nowhere near that easy, its still a challenge for me to eat, and at least 3 nights a week im up laying in bed praying for it to go away and begging god to help me even tho im not religious in the slightest. im actually up right now writing this feeling nauseous yet strangely hungry, and yes i know if you re really hungry sometimes you feel nauseous, but the nauseous i have most nights im fairly sure isnt that. i know this is probably written horribly but i haven t been sleeping well as im sure you can imagine, but basically what im looking for, is has anyone else had anything like this, and what did you do to help yourself? my family is pretty worried as ive also lost some weight and obviously they know im not eating.
i'm afraid to have any tests done so i don't go to the doctor hi, things aren't going well i don't know if this is health anxiety related but i have a problem with having any tests done. where it's not health anxiety is that i know i don't live a healthy lifestyle. my cholesterol was 230 in 2015. i haven't been tested since. i couldn't deal with a diagnosis. i barely make it day to day with my depression and yet i've already diagnosed myself with type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, grave's disease, sometimes bowel or colon cancer sometimes i have bloody stool , a permanent heart defect that i'm convinced i have from taking too much immodium poor man's methadone back when i was addicted to opiates. i honestly think i'm dying and i'm only 30. but even though i've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, i am sure i have most of those things because my body is slowly turning itself on me. but i think i'd rather die than be diagnosed with anything. i know that sounds insane but i've battled mental health and then later addiction for most of my life. i don't have enough to live for if i have some terrible disease. there would be no real support network. so i don't want a diagnosis if i know i'd rather die than have to deal with it.
i have a golden opportunity. fear and anxiety takes hold of me. hello everybody. i'm about to get the opportunity to go on an all expenses paid totally free one week trip to the netherlands with colleagues. but i'm afraid to go in case anxiety takes over me being away from home. almost two years ago i had my first bout of anxiety for no apparent reason. one day it came and took hold of me and i spent more than a month in a daze without being able to leave the house or walk down the street... hopefully i managed to get over it , but i feel that this period stage marked my life as always. now i live in fear and things that i liked to do before i have stopped doing or i don't do them for fear that it will make me anxious. among them, i always planned to travel as much as possible with family and friends the day i had a stable job and recurring income. well, now i am in that situation but i do it for fear of getting anxiety outside the house, not being able to control it and the situation exploding. i still remember the panic attacks i used to get for no reason i had no reason to and i shudder.... it was the worst situation and time of my life. i feel that it has marked me forever. my life is highly limited and i'm quite young...
bone tumor i had been doing so well for a couple years up until recently. i've got a bony lump growing on my sternum over the last two months, with pain being present for the past 1.5 months. i had an x ray, blood test, and ct scan. the lump is undoubtably growing and the pain is still there. all the scans and the blood test came back fine, the radiologist just noted a sternal notch and everything else was fine, there were no suggestions as to what it is or anything. my university doctor doesn't seem to know what it is and just said you may be producing extra cartilage right now. it might be one of these things where you'll have to wait up to 6 8 months for the pain to go away. how is the pain supposed to go away if this bony lump is still growing and likely won't disappear without surgery? i feel better with the radiologist not being suspicious of the lump, but i still feel uncomfortable because no one knows what it is yet and i feel like bone cancer is still kind of in the picture. my sternum sternal joint pain is still here and it has been 1.5 months. i'm making an appointment with my real doctor back home to try and nail this shit down. i'm 22, about to graduate, and i really don't need bone cancer to kill me right now.
am i weird? my friend came for a sleepover today and we went in my room. he didnt ask or anything and just sat in my bed. after some time he layed in it, had my plushies in his arm, the blanked over him and the pillows under his head and i just wanted to scream. i still feel so uncomfortable. i can't wait him to be gone so i can change my bed sheets and wash everything. he also changed the position of my bedtable and i feel like ripping my skin of, i can't stand the feeling, and goddamn he had school clothes on. and went in. my. bed. i changed the sheets not a while ago and they were all clean and now not. i don't even allow myself to lay in my bed with dirty clothes. i need to shower, put on fresh clothes and then i can lay in my bed. i had the problem of people just simply touching anything in my bed since i was little, they always bullyed me and extra jump on it, ect. i always cried because of it and it still didnt change. i'm so sensitive about anyone on my bed, i even feel disgusted if my mom sits on it just a tiny bit. there is no excuse ,everyone i know makes me uncomfortable when beeing on my bed. does it have to do with my adhd? is it autism? ocd? ptsd? or am i just weird? i'm slowly going insane, someone help me.
psychiatrist won t do anything i went to the psychiatrist yesterday which i d been looking forward to bc my anxiety has been so bad lately that the second i get out of school i m already anxious to go back the next day, or all weekend i m anxious. and when i m at school i m feeling the most gut wrenching anxiety i ve felt in my entire life. also i throw up when i m anxious. so every day i throw up, usually at school. teachers are sick of me missing and needing to sit somewhere to relax. i told my psychiatrist, who acts confused every time she sees me and i ve only seen her treat 5 year olds, that i will die if i do not start feeling better. because it has led me to feeling pretty hopeless and it often is so bad that it does feel like i m dying. she just increased the amount of my medicine i m already on that s obviously not working for the 279037th time even though i told her i wanted to try something else or get something fast acting. she just said she wouldn t give me anything fast acting because i m young. i m so tired of living like this. what can i do? i m in therapy 10 hours a week for this and other reasons but i need something to hold me up until i can get through the day completely on what i m learning in therapy.
how do we know that it is svt rather than vtach? very rarely, i will have these 5 to 10 minute episode of sudden high heart rate, above 180. i learned that this is may be svt. i have already seen a cardiologist and she did all sorts of tests and concluded my heart is structurally normal and there is no worry. but no test has ever been able to catch these rare racing heart issue of mine. i have had these since i was a kid, decades ago. and i do have them every couple of months or sometimes there will be 1 or 2 years between attacks . no other symptoms except the racing heart which feels like it's lightly beating so fast i once counted up to 200 bpm . on holter the worst they caught was a few isolated pacs. amp x200b now i have been reading about vtach and this seems to be dangerous kind of arrythmia because there is a chance if can go to vfib. yeah, we anxiety sufferers are a hypochondriac bunch. amp x200b so how do i know what i have all along is not vt? now i am so afraid to be left alone and so afraid of those attacks whereas before i learned about vt, i did not mind them too much as my cardiologist assured me i am okay. but now, i am always thinking what if these are sustained vt rather than a more benign tachycardia??
how do we know that it is svt rather than vtach? very rarely, i will have these 5 to 10 minute episode of sudden high heart rate, above 180. i learned that this is may be svt. i have already seen a cardiologist and she did all sorts of tests and concluded my heart is structurally normal and there is no worry. but no test has ever been able to catch these rare racing heart issue of mine. i have had these since i was a kid, decades ago. and i do have them every couple of months or sometimes there will be 1 or 2 years between attacks . no other symptoms except the racing heart which feels like it's lightly beating so fast i once counted up to 200 bpm . on holter the worst they caught was a few isolated pacs. amp x200b now i have been reading about vtach and this seems to be dangerous kind of arrythmia because there is a chance if can go to vfib. yeah, we anxiety sufferers are a hypochondriac bunch. amp x200b so how do i know what i have all along is not vt? now i am so afraid to be left alone and so afraid of those attacks whereas before i learned about vt, i did not mind them too much as my cardiologist assured me i am okay. but now, i am always thinking what if these are sustained vt rather than a more benign tachycardia??
i feel like im becoming stupid hi, i've suffered from health anxiety for a few years now, but it's starting to drive me crazy. i started getting terrible headaches a few months ago, it eventually got so bad that i had to go to the hospital and get a ct scan. they said there was nothing wrong with me. i continued to get headaches and i constantly felt like i was going crazy. i went to a chiropractor and was told that all of my pain is coming from my neck and my back, and for some reason i still feel like there is something wrong with my brain. i just recently started having trouble reading, the best way to describe it is that it's like i'm stuttering when i'm reading, i'm constantly reading stuff and not being able to understand what i just read, and then reading it again and realizing that i missed a few words or completely replaced a word with another word. i'm trying to avoid reading because its causing be to become extremely paranoid. i feel like i'm becoming less intelligent or becoming brain dead or something. i'm slowly starting to go crazy and i don't know what to do. i'm probably going to get an mri just to prove to myself that there is nothing going on with my brain. i really scared and i don't know what to do.
could those symptoms be caused by stress anxiety? afraid of cancer i ve been feeling really anxious about some things i ve been getting recently. it started with sudden one sided tinnitus at my right ear for at most, five seconds. i ve dismissed it, since it seemed to be common. but then i ve started to feel lightheaded for one or two seconds randomly, which led to more searching, and the discovery that one sided tinnitus could be a red flag for cancer. and thus started my anxiety besides the tinnitus and lightheadedness, i ve also had some muscle spasms. not really common, once or twice a week only, and it s just on the fingers of the right hand, along with a a weird twitching feeling on what i suppose is the median nerve. what left me more alarmed though, is that today, my vision suddenly became blurry, accompanied by a headache, lasting for three or four seconds. never had that before. i ve been very anxious about this, and i m hoping that those symptoms are not that uncommon or at least, anxiety stress induced. should i go see a doctor, or just wait to see if it gets better? tl dr lightheadedness, one sided tinnitus sbutts , some hand twitching and quick head pain with blurry vision. hopefully it s just all anxiety
i feel worse and worse by the day. intense brain fog, feeling weak, chest heart? pain, very fatigued, and i have really bad circulation problems. doctors don t take me seriously. and i feel like maybe it s all in my head, but yet i feel like my body is screaming it s not in your head i ve felt not well for years. i ve gone to the doctor and they usually take one look at me and say i look young and healthy and it s all good. they ve never done any kind of tests on me unless i argued it. i got an ecg last year for my heart and it was normal . but i have had pain in my heart area for over a year now, and it s progressively worse. the last few months i have major brain fog, headaches, i feel extremely weak and my muscles in my chest and back have these weird.... things. they feel loose or.. i don t know. they just hurt really badly sometimes. it feels like needles pulling them apart and it s weird. i just feel very unwell and every time i go to the doctor i feel like they think i m a hypochondriac. they don t take me seriously and it feels so pointless. maybe i say the wrong things to them, i don t know. it s so annoying. i don t know what s wrong with me. i ve had chest x rays, and all that. i don t know i m only 25, too.
i feel worse and worse by the day. intense brain fog, feeling weak, chest heart? pain, very fatigued, and i have really bad circulation problems. doctors don t take me seriously. and i feel like maybe it s all in my head, but yet i feel like my body is screaming it s not in your head i ve felt not well for years. i ve gone to the doctor and they usually take one look at me and say i look young and healthy and it s all good. they ve never done any kind of tests on me unless i argued it. i got an ecg last year for my heart and it was normal. but i have had pain in my heart area for over a year now, and it s progressively worse. the last few months i have major brain fog, headaches, i feel extremely weak and my muscles in my chest and back have these weird.... things. they feel loose or.. i don t know. they just hurt really badly sometimes. it feels like needles pulling them apart and it s weird. i just feel very unwell and every time i go to the doctor i feel like they think i m a hypochondriac. they don t take me seriously and it feels so pointless. maybe i say the wrong things to them, i don t know. it s so annoying. i don t know what s wrong with me. i ve had chest x rays, and all that. i don t know i m only 25, too.
chest pain hi, i'm hoping you lovely people can help me with this. i'm 21f, not super healthy but not overweight, just eat not so well. a few weeks ago i got really sick for about 2.5 weeks. i had awful diarrhea, couldn't swallow, drink, eat, no appetite, was naseuas, had chest pains and had very high heart rates. over this period i got 3 blood tests, a stool sample, 2 abdominal cts where you could see a bit of my chest , and a chest x ray. nothing came back positive. eventually i started feeling better and started going on with my life. what may be somewhat important information is that my dad is a surgeon and i work reception for him, he had similar problems a few weeks before me. for the last few days, i've had some loose ish stools, a bit of weakness fatigue, but mainly i'm concerned about a dull pain that moves around my chest. today it's mostly been on my left side and about 30 min ago went into my left shoulder. its not constant and it can be lower right, upper left, whatever. i'm terrified i have a pulmonary embolism or some sort of clot. i know i'm probably panicking for no reason and i hate annoying my dad with this stuff and he makes me feel crazy which doesn't help. so... any wisdom? thank you in advance!
coffee and antipsychotics greetings people i hope you're having a good day. first of all how are your experiences with coffee and antipsychotic meds? i've been on abilify and alprazolam for years never had been feeling alert on them always either sleepy or have weird feeling in my stomach. now i've tried everything with these meds be it smoking or alcohol i stopped all of it because it caused very nasty problems with me when i stopped i finally felt myself even through i've read on wikipedia that coffee can also cause problems when you take these meds it's says even small amounts can cause side effects that's called caffeine induced anxiety. i'm not really sure how am i supposed to be awake i mean i'm unemployed still in hands of my parents and other family members who take care of me and understand my problems but how did you manage to stay awake without coffee or did coffee really help you without feeling weird all time while on meds? it would be stupid for me to sleep all day and miss some important events or have fun chatting with friends or playing video games or better yet studying different topics like electrical engineering or making homemade circuits. not electrical engineer just doing something for hobby.
worried hey so i ve been a hypochondriac for quite some time now. a few days ago i slept with this guy and even though i used a condom and i m on birth control i m worried i may be pregnant. my period still hasn t come yet but it can also be irregular sometimes due to my birth control, i m on nexplanon . i read online that taking high amounts of vitamin c and taking dong qaui and black cohosh supplements can help with miscarriage. i started taking 2 capsules of 568 mg of dong qaui and 2 capsules of 540 mg of black cohosh every 2 hours and 5,000 mg of vitamin c since monday. i was also pressing down hard on my uterus a few days ago and now my uterus is tender to the touch, i m experiencing nausea, lightheadedness and racing heart rate. the nausea, lightheadedness and racing heart rate could be due to my anxiety but i don t know. i realize that what i did was stupid and i stopped taking the supplements but now i m worried what if i injured myself my pressing down too hard on my stomach? i m thinking of maybe going into urgent care tomorrow and i m also scared to tell my doctor, i feel like at times she really judges me for having anxiety. i also feel so ashamed and stupid right now and i m so scared i hurt myself
underside of my jaw is more swollen on one side than the other? i'm so scared hey guys, not sure what i'm looking for here. i'm home alone, don't have anyone to talk to and am freaking out. i don't know how to explain it but i'll do my best, so. behind my chin underneath my jawline, one side is more swollen than the other when i tense my neck muscles. i first discovered it when i was prodding my neck, it's very pronounced when i tilt my head to the side. i tilted my head to the left, tensed my muscles and it felt like a huge mass under my jaw. i can feel a similar shape on the left side of my neck but it's nowhere near as big. it looks big in the mirror too. when i'm relaxed i can't feel anything. there is no pain and i haven't found any lumps, but i'm really starting to panic now. my mam comes back from holiday on monday so i'll have her feel it. i don't want to go to the doctor because i just had a totally harmless cyst needlessly removed because i was convinced it was dangerous and i don't want him to think i'm hysterical which i am, to be fair i'm pretty sure it's always been like this, but i seem to be having a bad anxiety flare up. does anyone know what i'm talking about? i'm really going insane here!
freaking out and anxious please send good vibes i just turned 18 and so far this year has sucked. during my two month break from university, i got heart palpitations for the first time in my life. that led to a google fest for me. i thought it was over the next day and was ready to just move on when i got really bad stomach aches and chest pain. i went to the er and they said i was fine. i decided to take a break from school to talk with my gp and he said i just had anxiety. its been 2 months since then and while the stomach problems have mostly dissipated, i have started to notice random twitching all over my body along with headaches and some numbness in my middle finger. today my left arm feels weak and sore. i am going to see my gp in a week but i am anxious. i feel like the boy who cried wolf at this point, while i feel like something is wrong, sometimes i feel unable to explain it properly. i'm trying not to actively thinking about these symptoms because i know anxiety has many effects but it i just can't rationalize that these symptoms are normal . i'm just holding on to the fact that there have been too many random symptoms within such a short amount of time for it too be some terrible illness.
does studying trigger extreme anxiety? i have this real weird thing that happens to me. so besides my work life, i have potential academic plans. i love studying, reading, writing. i have so many ambitions with all these things i want to write. i might even publish them. i spend a lot of time effort on these studies i do on my personal life. the weird thing is, whenever i go into focused studying, the idea that i will die anyways comes to my mind. i start to feel like this effort is for nothing, that i will die eventually, maybe even soon. i read about these scholars of the past, and see that some of them died so young. what will all this information help me with if i am going to die anyways? will i have enough time to categorize interpret publish so much knowledge? anyways, lots of anxious thoughts suddenly rush to my mind about mortality. i had this back in uni as well. i remember when i studied a lot during my masters, i would always start thinking about my mortality and whether all the work i do is even worth it.... is there a scientific explanation to this? why would studying in a focused manner put me in such an existential crisis each time? amp x200b note i use escitalopram for gad panic
visual migraines? a few months ago, i starving, dehydrated, anxious, overworked uni student was sitting in my school before a class when suddenly this weird curvy shape appeared in my vision, specifically in my left eye. kinda like if you stare at a light too long and you re left with a retinal image for a bit, except this was kinda flashing and obscured my vision. this weird episode lasted for about 30 mins, and occurred again three weeks after that, and again a week after that. thanks to the internet and my mom, who says she has a history of these in her past , i self diagnosed myself with visual migraines which can present themselves with no pain, as my episodes did . at the time i took this as a call from higher powers aka my brain? that i needed to get more sleep, drink more water, eat better, etc. and i hadn t had an episode for two months. well i just had another one of these episodes, and although today happened to be a very bad eating day and i was super dehydrated, i m starting to worry about these. what if i have a brain tumor? what if i m going blind? what if i m about to die? these are the questions pounding through my head right now. any advice? anyone have similar symptoms ever?
scarlet fever hey guys, i m a 20 year old male. i had a bit of a sore throat waking up on sunday but nothing too serious thought not too much of it, as i was settling down for bed i noticed a bit of a rash on my chest which sent me to immediate panic. fast forward to monday and i have a full body rash and getting a lot of chills in the nights and when i wasn t medicated in the day, i was pretty worried something was seriously wrong with me so organised an appointment with the doctor today. i went in and the doctor did a few tests on me checked my throat tongue, ears, chest, back and my blood pressure and then told me i m sorry to tell you this but i m afraid you have scarlet fever i had no idea what it was until looking online after but surprised a 20 year old like myself has got it as it s usually only children who get it to my understanding. i asked the doctor again and she confidently said that it was scarlet fever. i m on a set of antibiotics for 10 days now and have been told it should hopefully get a lot better within the next two days.... has anyone else ever encountered it? and do you think i should trust my doctors opinion, i always have a fear that it may be something worse. thanks
absolutely terrified and think i have cancer. i know i shouldn't be posting this but i have gotten myself into such a state. i can't stop crying and hyperventilating, i feel sick, i can't sleep, the list is endless. in february i got a letter from my doctor telling me my urine sample contained a small amount of blood which was not due to infection and i would need to be investigated. said urine sample was taken about 3 or 4 days after my period ended. i still haven't gone back to the doctor out of fear of being told i have something serious. however on tuesday 12th march, i went to the toilet and noticed a significant amount of blood in my pee and i was extremely frightened. my period is due this week however it still hasn't arrived for some odd reason. i'm definitely not pregnant and surely blood in my urine isn't normal . i was hoping this was just spotting due to hormones but i doubt i am that lucky. i'm shaking as i type this. what if it's kidney, bladder, ovarian, or any other cancer? isn't this the warning sign? i really don't want to die, i've finally found happiness and i'm doing well in life it's just not fair!!! amp x200b please tell me blood in urine doesn't always mean cancer???
ai, and the devaluation of humanity i ve been thinking a lot about ai recently. the explosion of chat gpt, midjourney, dalle 2 .someone with zero writing or art skills can spend 3 seconds coming up with a prompt and generate something incredible. something a human would spend hours or even days coming up with. and it s accelerating faster than we could have imagined. ai voice spoofing, ai generated images of celebrities and politicians, plagiarized college essays these things were unimaginable 6 months ago. all this gives me anxiety and not just because i m a writer as my profession. it s devaluing human talent and creativity everyone can now do it, therefore it means nothing. over saturation renders everything meaningless. and the irony is that humans made this tech that is now outshining all of us and will ultimately do everything better than we can. this is a pivotal time in humanity and i am not ready for it and i don t think anyone is really ready for it. everything from the way we work to the way we consume media will be completely upended by ai. i just want to rewind 20 years and live peacefully. i don t want all this change. and it s filling me with anxiety, hopelessness and dread.
sharp headache everytime i move or cough figured i could come here for enlightenment since i'm currently kind of on holiday. i'm 23, female, and about a month ago i contracted one of the worst flus i'd ever experienced in my life in fact i'm pretty sure i've never gotten any kind of flu before this one, i'm almost never sick. i only fully recovered about a week or two ago, and i've noticed for the past few days a sharp pain on the top of my head everytime i cough or move change elevation. i figured it may be because i've been sleeping a lot and not drinking enough water perhaps, but i don't know. i took a pain killer a few days ago for the same kind of headache but it didn't help. naps make it go away but not fully, i can still feel some kind of pressure light pain when coughing and moving. i'm also currently on my period, which started a few days ago. not sure if there's any correlation. is this normal after a flu and a somewhat consistent cough? i haven't really gotten out of the house much the last couple of days either. maybe i should? one notable thing in my medical history that i still have i believe is iron deficiency. not sure if that could also be a testament to whatever this is.
i can t wait for this health anxiety phase to be over with. als or carpal tunnel? female age 26 duration of complaint 3 weeks. area on body hands, arms, sometimes feet and thighs. i went to the doctor a week ago who diagnosed me with carpal tunnel. and gave me a brace that helped a little. hand pain coincided with symptoms of carpal tunnel but it still made me nervous because my grandmother died of als and nerve pain always puts me on edge. i don t show any other signs of als besides very little muscle twitching. i am doing some weird things to test myself through out the day. for example. testing my wpm words per minute that i can type. which is 75 words per minute . i do this to see if i have any weakness in my hands i am standing on one foot to see if i can balance myself and shit like that. also, tonight i just came home from dinner and i was holding a fork and i noticed it felt very odd in my hands. it was a heavier than normal fork because it was at a steak house. i also have health anxiety but i wish i knew i was okay. so i can stop worrying. i feel some pins and needles in my hands and light shooting pain in my arms and feet and thighs. any help would be appreciated . thank you.
had a panic attack last night. strange sensation in head. anyone ever experienced something like it before? sorry for making another post so quickly after my last one. but i'm in a bad spot right now and i just need to talk about what i'm going through. last night, i had a weird sensation in the left side of my head, above the ear. it felt like something was throbbing or pulsating inside my head. it was never painful and it would go away for a few minutes before coming back. i felt it until i went to sleep where i thought something was going to happen to me in the middle of the night or i would die in my sleep. it doesn't help that right now, my current paranoia is a brain tumor or a unruptured aneurysm. earlier this week i had a headache above my left eye around my eyebrow but that went away after a few hours. i've been incredibly anxious about that side of my head. i woke up this morning and haven't felt it again, though i've been a nervous wreck all day fearing it would return. it hasn't so far, but i think i'm having hypersensitivity in that region cause it feels a bit fuzzy right now. has anyone else felt something similar to this? thanks in advance for reading and or commenting.
i had some bloodwork this week amp last, and now i got my period is it normal to feel like this, or should i do something? hi, so last week i had some blood taken for a test. and then this past tuesday i had some taken this one was rough, i almost passed out amp threw up. afterwards i felt so gross and tingly and weak. well, i got my period last night. and today i m back to feeling this tingly weak way my friend said it s because they took so much blood and that i m on my period which i always have a very heavy flow and also ik anemic so that doesn t help lmao. but yeah no i feel very shaky and my feet are tingling and are going numb, my hands are tingling, and i m just exhausted. i was at work earlier and jokingly asked my friend to check my pulse and she said it actually felt faster than a normal pulse. is this normal ? does it make sense? i called my dr just to be safe and they took what i said out of context and went on a tangent and gave a spiel about periods and how i should visit with an obgyn which i m doing at the end of the month i just absolutely hate this feeling of tingly and weak and exhausted. is there anything i can do to make it better? or is it just a waiting game?
tongue bumps so i went to go and brush my teeth and i realized i had some plaque buildup on the back of my tongue so i went to grow brush it and i realized these bumps the same reddish color as my tongue on the back of my tongue, i made the stupid choice of looking it up, and now i m really worrying about it, and every outcome seems horrific, i have legitimatly diagnosed with bad anxiety so i can t fall asleep at 2 23am on a friday morning posting this because i can t fall asleep worrying about ehat these bumps might be and what they say about how i treat my body and hygene. i try to take really good care of myself other than bejng unable to afford a dentist appointment, having gone last 2 years ago, getting temporary caps put on emergency root canals so i could actually use my teeth to eat when it started to hurt to eat around the time of my 16th birthday. i have a long history of a problematic mouth due to past mistakes, but i brush every night before bed and drink plently of water stay away from sugary drinks, so i don t know why these bumps would magically appear on my tongue. what they are, how serious they are, why they are there, what csn the sk, and where did they come from?
does anyone feel anxiety because of some people? sorry for the bad english or any grammar mistake d i've been dealing with my anxiety since i was 17. since then, i've been looking for triggers that makes me feel more anxious. like a pattern. so i could deal better with it i dont have any pro help . i've realized that my anxiety gets worse when i have to talk with people. so, i've been trying to better my communication. and im better, actually. i'm feeling more calm around other people. but there is something that it's haunting me since i'm trying to better my anxiety. i realized that there are some people that makes me worse. sometimes even colleagues. for some reason, when i see them or talk with, i have a bad feeling, a heavy energy, and my anxiety explodes. because of that, i cant trust on them. and i'm always in the alert mode when i'm around them. i don't know if this is a problem that my anxiety creates in my mind or if it's something that other people also feels. that's why i'm here. i'm trying to understand if the problem is me and my anxiety or them. anyone feels like this around some people? ps i cant get away from some of them because of college and my job, unfortunatly
hemorrhoids or colon cancer? help? help, freaking out a bit here. never considered the possibility of cancer. here's the symptoms i'm young, 23, so i know i have the odds in my favor here as far as likelihood goes itchy butt it seems to start near my colon, but itches all the way up my crack and on my cheeks this is why i initially thought it was a yeast infection comes and goes depending on carb intake amp stress just recently, i had some bad diarrhea and have been obnoxiously gassy since for about the last week farting is basically incessant stools have normal ized for the most part since, i'll have some hearty ones the type you're proud of , sometimes some thinner ones, no additional diarrhea during the aforementioned diarrhea episode, there was some blood when i wiped bright red, i seemed to come directly in contact with the source while wiping so not sure if that's a hemorrhoid or a polyp? no blood in stool though also, the itchy butt started after having sex w a girl i dated a few months ago did an std screening, negative what worries me is just the combo of the incessant gas itchy burning butt blood is a colonoscopy in order? or does this sound like something less serious.
hemorrhoids or colon cancer? help? help, freaking out a bit here. never considered the possibility of cancer. here's the symptoms i'm young, 23, so i know i have the odds in my favor here as far as likelihood goes itchy butt it seems to start near my colon, but itches all the way up my crack and on my cheeks this is why i initially thought it was a yeast infection comes and goes depending on carb intake amp stress just recently, i had some bad diarrhea and have been obnoxiously gassy since for about the last week farting is basically incessant stools have normalized for the most part since, i'll have some hearty ones the type you're proud of , sometimes some thinner ones, no additional diarrhea during the aforementioned diarrhea episode, there was some blood when i wiped bright red, i seemed to come directly in contact with the source while wiping so not sure if that's a hemorrhoid or a polyp? no blood in stool though also, the itchy butt started after having sex w a girl i dated a few months ago did an std screening, negative what worries me is just the combo of the incessant gas itchy burning butt blood is a colonoscopy in order? or does this sound like something less serious.
my fingernails are giving me so much anxiety!!! i have not been this anxious for so long. i've dealt with health anxiety in the past about many different things that seem so much more serious and like more confronting for me like stroke and heart disease since those are two things that have been in my family. but within the past two weeks i have been incredibly anxious about my fingernails because my two thumb nails have ridges in them, almost like lumps. of course i googled, i know, i shouldn't. i did though, and it was filled with kidney disease and all these terrible things and now i am unbelievably anxious. my therapist cut us back from weekly to fortnightly visits and now to monthly and my appointment got delayed for another two weeks even though it's been a whole month. i don't feel like i want to share this anxiety to him because i am embarrassed. i feel silly that i am so anxious and paranoid about my fingernails, but the reality is that i can't stop thinking about it even when i'm not directly thinking about it. i'm constantly checking google to see if i can find something that maybe says it's ok and it's nothing to worry about but i can't and it's making it worse. ahhh
extreme fatigue. anyone else relate? for the past 5 months my fatigue has been very overwhelming. worst i've felt in all my life. my symptoms are fatigue, malaise generally feeling unwell , light body aches randomly, not all the time, very tired, sometimes my body feels heavy and unbalanced, which then triggers anxiety because i fear i might pass out. it's so bad i can't focus on life or work. i struggle daily to get out of bed. few facts about me. i'm 27, 171lbs, white male, 5'10 , fitbit tells me i get around 6.5 7 hours of sleep per night, i eat alright should eat more veggies , i got a cubicle job without windows, i drive 1 hour total per day for work. i don't excercise much, mainly light walking with my dog or in hallways at work, i suffer from depression and anxiety, i stopped taking the 5mg lexapro cold turkey after being on it for 5 years, 2 months or so after i stopped the symptoms and fatigue started, i reinstated 0.5mg lexapro using liquid solution made from water. i have only had 1 blood tests in my life at age 26 and i didn't fast. they found my vit d was 20ml but everything else checked out. i want to die. i feel like death. if there is a god please show me mercy.
work anxiety i just started working at a new place a few days ago, people there super nice and it s a good environment. but my previous work place the first place i worked at, so this is my second job was a horrible. very toxic and i d go home crying every time. i can go over a whole list of things that happened there i already had a lot of anxiety but now even more then before. i loved it when i had no job, i never had to worry about putting on a mask for customers and coworkers or the responsibilities that come with a job. i hate the long hours because i can feel myself slowly breaking down inside. and when i get back home my anxiety goes through the roof for when i gotta work next. even if i got days off, i m so so so freaking worried that they ll call me to come in when i m not mentally prepared. i got to have time to psych myself up for work. i m deep into customer service too so all customers scare me. i just idk what to do, i m an adult living with my parents and they pay for a lot of my stuff and i don t want them to have to do that anymore. but i hate feeling on edge and heaps of anxiety all the time. i don t know what to do really needing advice or someone to chat to
how do i cope ? actually so glad i came across this sub after checking reddit for similar symptoms... 22 year old male, and i go to the doctors a few times a month with a new issue, my doctors laughs when he calls my name out and sees me walk down, we do have a good relationship now tho, i think he enjoys seeing me as it lightens his mood . recently started trt after symptoms of low t got really bad, i just saw a urologist today about a lump in my scrotum harmless cyst apparently i saw my doctors recently about a swollen lymph node in my neck, ultrasound booked for next week, i started to feel better about it, until my mum just saw me feeling it, and said my uncle had the same thing and its leukemia! apparently it wont effect him till his old but what the hell ! straight down the rabbit hole, googling away... heart pumping, i bet i have leukemia, im certain, i don t know what else it could be... i have no symptoms of why it could be swollen, and the worst thing is i don t really know how long its been like that for, i just felt it while rubbing my neck one day, about the size of a cashew.. anyone had a swollen lymph node on there right side that turned out not to be leukemia..
anxiety? i m trying to figure out and address an issue i ve had my entire life or at least as long as i can remember . as i try to seek out treatment and help, i m not sure if anyone here can relate. i will obsess and fixate on completely mundane things. for example if i overhear someone taking about a movie but i don t know what the movie is, i may fixate on who did they say the lead was? an australian named ben. what was the movie? what was the movie??? and my heart will start racing and my breathing will get shallow and i ll need to get up and walk around. another example might be for me to see a photo of myself reading and i ll obsess, wanting to figure out what the title of the book is that i m reading. i might also obsess wondering what a logo on a shirt is, who was that guy that i helped with a flat tire that seemed so familiar, etc. you know how sometimes people will hear a song and not know what it is and they ll say, what is that song? it s going to drive me nuts? for me it feels like that going to drive me nuts thing is for real. these attacks might also occur in certain circumstances of guilt or self loathing. does this sound at all relatable? does it have a name?
excited to find this community, i have a phobia of having a heart attack and dying. i am a 31 year old woman, and i have a fear of dying from a heart attack stroke. every time i have a back pain, arm pain, jaw pain, nausea or uncomfortable chest feelings i get worried it s signs of a heart attack. i ve talked to my gp about and she just told me i m too young to worry about that, my bloodwork came back normal in october 2018. i haven t had any deaths in my immediate family who have heart attacks but one of my grandfathers had a stroke and an uncle had some heart issue when he ended up getting a pace maker. i ve eaten horrible since i was a kid and am trying to change my habits now cutting out red meat, working out but i feel like what if i m too late? i mean i was that kid whose parents got them mcdonald s all the time. i m not overweight, but i am at the high end of my normal bmi for my height. i just wish i could take a straight forward test to tell me if my arteries are getting close to getting clogged. i smoke marijuana too, and yes there are some times where it makes me more paranoid so i m going to try to switch to an herbal vape. it feels good just to get this all out.
what helped me after 27 years? i have nevr been to this group because it would have made things worse but i am here now. i had the worst panic attack of my life at 54. ambulance hospital i knew i was having a heart attack. i couldnt feel my arms heart racing gave me nitro i run marathons eat well, take care of myself. i have not run in 2 months because my heart rate going up was freaking me out. i have been to been to psychiatrist emd helped but came back. i have always resisted drugs because the thought of taking medicine made me more anxious. cut back to hospital gave me xanax i calmed down. ekg blood work chest x ray nothing wrong go home. doctor gave me 10 xanax just in case woke up the next day anxious took a pill i hate drugs and for years wouldn't even consider it i felt amazing all day never had any anxious thoughts. took another yesterday morning same thing all day no thoughts at all. that is my best 2 days in 27 years i felt normal . it does make me sleepy and i see my psychiatrist for the first time in 2 years tonight and i am going to ask what my best med treatment is. i dont like the habit forming nature of xanax but i will discuss it try the drugs they work!
intestinal anxiety i'm a 27 year old male, i don't smoke in any capacity nor do i do any drugs or drink alcoholic drinks in any capacity. i'm not on any medications and have no pre existing illnesses. last year i had a pretty large bowel movement, large enough that i couldn't pass it without manipulating my anus with my hand to ease the log out, since then i've been having blood in my stools on toilet paper and in on feces , the blood is red, not sure if it's dark red but it's definitely not black. i have no pain associated with passing a stool at all which is slightly comforting i guess... shortly after the blood started showing up last year i took myself to the er and explained what was happening, after getting a finger up my ass i was told it was most likely hemorrhoids. not to long after visiting the er the blood in my stool disappeared and i was relieved, now after roughly a year ish later it's shown up again and been off and on for about a month, still no pain associated with having bowel movements, just anxiety. for the record i have no loss of appetite, no weight loss, and no fatigue out of the ordinary. i have no direct family with a history of colorectal cancer.
what helped me after 27 years? i have nevr been to this group because it would have made things worse but i am here now. i had the worst panic attack of my life at 54. ambulance hospital i knew i was having a heart attack. i couldnt feel my arms heart racing gave me nitro i run marathons eat well, take care of myself. i have not run in 2 months because my heart rate going up was freaking me out. i have been to been to psychiatrist emd helped but came back. i have always resisted drugs because the thought of taking medicine made me more anxious. cut back to hospital gave me xanax i calmed down. ekg blood work chest x ray nothing wrong go home. doctor gave me 10 xanax just in case woke up the next day anxious took a pill i hate drugs and for years wouldn't even consider it i felt amazing all day never had any anxious thoughts. took another yesterday morning same thing all day no thoughts at all. that is my best 2 days in 27 years i felt normal. it does make me sleepy and i see my psychiatrist for the first time in 2 years tonight and i am going to ask what my best med treatment is. i dont like the habit forming nature of xanax but i will discuss it try the drugs they work!
evening scaries? hi friends i'm struggling with the evening scaries. i am an aphant, inner monologue only, zero visual abilities, fact based recall exclusively. i'm struggling in the evenings. typically it would be called something like the sunday scaries i'm experiencing. however, it is every evening now. to my knowledge, i do not dream at all in any traditional sense. i'm feeling a physical, visceral reaction to going to bed. there is an overwhelming anxiety to it that is almost paralyzing. it has been happening for a while, but now i'm ready to mention it to yall. once i get to bed, i fall asleep, no problem. it is getting there. it's terrifying. for some reason, my body refuses to go. i have anxiety, but this doesn't feel like worse. it feels like something else, a sense of dread or fear. what i've tried cut caffeine out, eat a proper supper, and have recent blood work done. breathing exercises, tea etc. i'm doing the things i can think of to help. but i can't shake it. everyone's knee jerk is to visualize me somewhere else, and well..... i can't. any feedback would be incredibly appreciated! right now i m sticking to a xanax, unisom, and melatonin to get me to bed.
dvt anxiety hi all, amp x200b so starting monday morning my right leg thigh just above the ankle started to hurt in a weird mix of a cramp and doms like way. the pain didn't go away for three days now and yesterday when examining it with my gf my leg has also swollen and became tender at the area where the pain comes from. amp x200b this morning i went to my gp who measured my legs, and examined them with her hands. she said she doesn't think it is a vein issue just a pulled or twisted muscle, so i should just rest and take over the counter muscle relaxing meds. i told her that i did not do anything particularly active over the weekend just sleeping and playing video games pretty much , she still said that i could have just strained a muscle while sleeping and it might keep on hurting for 1 2 weeks even. amp x200b i am still very worried and anxious as dvt is often misdiagnosed and people even die after being sent home thinking that it is just a muscle strain. my leg still hurts with no improvement whatsoever maybe even getting a bit worse, although that might just be my brain , it is swollen in one area, but i am not feeling extra warmth and there is no discoloration.
i'm scared it started with me checking randomly my neck and noticing a lymph node which if i recall correctly i have had for at least a year and another behind my ear which was there for years i went to two doctors and at different times and got told there was nothing to worry , but i keep checking my neck basically everyday and keep finding others which i don't know if they were there before or not and my anxiety is getting worse and worse. my throat doesn't feel ok even though i got checked by three doctors. i feel like i have a bit of nausea and the other day i had a bit of fever which only lasted one night. also my left ear from times to times feel obstructed which i've been told is due to my nasal septum deviation. and i could list a lot of other stuff that's wrong with me but that would get too long. a little over a month ago i had blood tests which didn't show anything wrong beside some vitamin but everyday i find a new symptom and i'm getting really scared right now. i keep thinking what if i took the tests too early, what if... i don't know what to do anymore, everyday something new pops up. i try to think about other stuff but eventually... i get back there.
a lot of anxiety over this so i need advice please. the following is a text i really wanna send this girl in my class. i like her a lot she is really pretty, i have no idea how she feels about me, but the past two girls i ve been talking to i never was really upfront about how i felt in the slightest and they both have found their own relationships and it really made me angry with myself for not being honest. granted i m not actually saying i like her in the text or anything but i feel it would be implied lol. but any advice would help. we send each other homework and help each other in class but that s it. she is really awesome. i really don t mean for this to be awkward lol but it probably is anyway. i was trying to tell you in class yesterday without everyone hearing and turning around, but i thought you looked really beautiful and i just chickened out and didn t say it for some stupid reason. but it s been eating at me because i d rather feel like an idiot who made someone feel good about themselves than an idiot who didn t . really trying not to be weird i m just trying to get better with this stuff and saying how i feel. but i recognize i probably made it weird.
afraid to get worked up i posted here befpre about my healyh fears related to the head brain mostly focusing on tumors,meningitis and the thing i hate to type out that involves bleeding in the head from a weakened or expanding blood vessel. i got a ct scan last month due to head pains ,nausea and dizziness. it was without dye contrast and the scan came back nornal accorsing to the doctor. i still fear what i fear since i noticed whenever i get slightly annoyed or mad i feel a pressure or slight ache or pain at the top of my head. it even happens when im not getting angry but someone is getting mad at me. now i cant help but think the worst. im scared to sneeze or strain during a bm too. i also notice a squeezing senation like muscles squeezing on the top or back of my head whenever i gwt anxious or come inside from cold weather. theres no history of what i fear in my family and i dont have high bp or smoke drink. im 80 lbs currently and i have been seeing therapist recently. edit changed weight after checking it. update tmi but had to go pass a bowel movement and qas a little difficult and i felt tension or pressure in my head qhile going but no headache afterwards
just feel so overwhelmed over ultrasound. pleas talk to me. long story short is that i went to the drs to get routine bloodwork done after stressing for a month, i also had her check my thyroid and hormones because after having irregular periods and feeling anxious i figured that hormones had to be it. my blood work came back fine except my testosterone was high. i started having a work up done on my ovaries and kidneys to check for tumors. my friend is a nurse at the office i was at and had the ultrasound tech check my kidneys extra well even tho it wasn t a dedicated test for them because she knew i was afraid of a adrenal tumor. the tech couldn t find anything and said if there was something there she would of seen it...but that wasn t good enough of a answer for me. i have to go back for a kidney bladder ultrasound and i m spiraling out of control because i feel like thats when they re going to find something. i can t take it. i feel like my life is unbelievably overwhelming now and i m too scared to go back to have the ultrasound. please...anybody. an ultrasound tech or nurse or anyone with a similar experience. please help me. i don t want to live like this.
ha person's worst nightmare, but i'm coping a little about me i'm vegan, fit, try to avoid processed foods, chemicals, only have monogamous relationships, never had a 1 night stand, etc. i have had health anxiety since i was 19 when i worked in an er and saw all the terrible things that happen to people. so this past weekend i went to a college reunion with people i hadn't seen in 7 years. we went out one night and a friend asked if i smoked, i said no. he handed me his vape and said try this. i did, and hit it a few more times through out the night. well at the end of the reunion weekend he revealed to a friend that he had been hiv for several years and currently has his virus controlled and undetectable. but needless to say it was a very stressful drive home. i had one of the worst ha freak outs i have had in years and didn't eat for 48 hours i was so nervous. i could hardly get out of bed! thankfully, i have been reassured that hiv is not passed via saliva even though i've what if'ed the hell out of the situation. of course i will still test to confirm, but i learned so much about hiv in particular through this experience, which has helped mitigate my anxiety.
anxiety or something serious? ms worries hi, i m here, again.. about one year ago i posted here about my ms worries. so here is my short story longer in previous post october 2017 nausea, dizziness, 14 days headache around right temple and behind eye, fatique, weak legs, twitching all around my body eyelids, around mouth the most, tinnitus, burning sensations especially in right foot etc.. then i started googling which was the dumbest idea in my whole life.. november 2017 sensation lost around left knee mri of brain spine 1,5t machine few very small and absolutely non specified white spots ssep, eem, eeg, eye exam, bloodworks for everything lyme, hiv, syphilis, ... and everything is okay.. then the problems slowly went away, but sometimes i still have dizziness, nausea, eyepain, headaches, tinnitus for few seconds, burning and tingling sensations, weak legs..everything is on off january 2019 follow up mri of brain spine 3t machine and everything is same as previous mri more than 10 doctors told me its nothing serious no ms!! and it can be psychosomatic.. but im still conviced it could be something serious. what do u think? somebody with same problems? thanks! m.
avoiding doctor office calls and scheduling appointments i am at a point where i m just too tired and bogged down to keep making more appointments. i have a genetics referral, cardiology referral, hematology referral, psychiatry referral and a referral to a specialty functional movement disorder clinic 12 hours away. i have 3 different doctors offices calling me a day trying to get ahold of me. i get emails saying answer your phone! your results are abnormal ! you need to call us. i know they are abnormal , i have eyes, i can read. i m just too tired right now. on top of the doctors i have debt collections from surgeries out the wazoo calling all day. i just hide from my phone on my room, probably getting sicker. i just can t mentally and physically keep up with the constant anxiety and trips everywhere. im afraid of reaching out to these people too, since they are angry and frustrated with me for being difficult to contact. everything about it makes me want to panic and crawl in a hole. but one panic attack leaves me so tired i m bedridden for a couple days. ugh. any advice on appointment and call feat or just listening is has been appreciated. thank you all.
was doing so well until right now i started a new medication a month or so ago, and it seems to have quashed the intensity of my health anxiety. i was overjoyed about this! finally, i had hope of living a life that wasn t steered by hypochondria! but i m currently having a setback. long story short, i ve been under a lot of stress lately. my girlfriend who i was really in love with broke up with me last week. that seems to be the major issue right now. but i m getting some troubling symptoms. all day, i ve had this weird pain in my chest. i attributed this to emotional pain and didn t think too much of it. now, i m also feeling it in my back and the pain is more to the left side of my chest. i am having some left arm pain as well, and it almost feels like some weakness too, but i can t tell if this is my mind playing tricks on me. my heart is pounding, and i m feeling a little lightheaded. i just feel off. so, the 2 things i m worried about are a heart attack, or something called broken heart syndrome, which is a very real condition and has been proven to exist. i m not asking for a diagnosis of course, but has anyone else experienced something like this?
health anxiety zoloft side effects? i went off anxiety medication 8 months ago. cut it cold turkey by accident i was never told otherwise . thankfully had no withdrawals or anything. i have severe, severe, severe health anxiety and i was doing really good up until a few months ago it started to get bad again but i was managing. however, the past 2 weeks have been really really hard with my health anxiety and i knew i needed to finally get back on and i m so happy to be back on. i had some stomach issues and i m freaking out. i had blood in my stools and bad pains in my pelvis. i also for the past 2 months have had a dull ache in my upper left abdomen. had some blood and stool tests and all was good. today is day 2 is taking my medication zoloft and i have a weird, nauseating feeling in my throat chest. it feels exactly like when you get super giddy and your chest throat squeals with excitement. but i don t feel excited i feel so anxious. it s almost like i have to gag or dry heave. can the zoloft be causing this? i had no side effects last time i was on it so it s weird. my anxiety is going crazy because i m afraid it has to do with my other symptoms.
does anyone ever read something about cancer and get scared? so i ve had like a larger swollen node on my neck like right by my jaw on the side for like 3 years this april, showed my doc longggg time ago. it hurts when i think about it or feel it. i have another smaller one on my head and the same spot in my neck on the left. i get really obsessive when it even gets a little bigger, like it is now because i ve been having some throat normal winter stuff going on. i told my therapist a long time ago and they never got bigger i never had symptoms but they showed up years ago when i had a bad cold. also, i think they d show up from physicals that i ve had over the years? since i had blood work done etc. i just read some post where a girl had lymphoma that they didn t even catch from a biopsy and my heart literally dropped it scared me that much. but she also had more nodes showing up. this stuff scares me so much and i can t talk to friends about it because they just don t understand. it s been 3 years i think i m fine, i mean swollen nodes seem really common actually. i just need someone to tell me i m okay and reassure me cause hypochondria is a bitch
severe health anxiety... lost 15 lbs. need support. i started having abdominal pain that radiates to the back in january, did a bunch of blood test, ultrasound and x ray. i was diagnosed with fatty liver which is not related to my pain. i was told to loose weight and that i should be good. i was on a diet for a month after the fatty liver diagnose, lost 4kg in a month which scared the hell out of me but i keep telling myself it s because i m on a diet. but i m also noticing that my appetite isn t very good, i have bad days and good days. i just feel nauseous on bad days like i literally don t wanna eat anything. my pain has almost gone away now. now i m obsessing over cancer like lymphoma and things like that, checking my lymph nodes and literally i feel pain in my groin area. i ve always had health anxiety all my life but last 3 months i feel really depressed over my health anxiety, constant worrying. any suggestions? planning on going back to my doctor? i m not eating as much these days due to nausea. i don t even know how to explain to my doctor anymore. this weight loss is concerning is though on good days, i control my diet due to fatty liver...
how do you get past the physical symptoms? currently sitting in the bathroom hiding from my kids and crying. whenever i get panicky or anxious, i always feel like i m going to pass out die. it will feel like i m suffocating. it s like it will start from my feet and go to my head. then i get that lovely impending doom feeling, some serious derealization, then it s game over. i will freak out, try to escape from wherever i am. they are so fun when you re driving i feel physically ill 24 7. i m talking weak legs, arms, nauseous, brain fog really bad . i visited the doctor 6 times last year, and also had 3 er visits. everything is always anxiety . well, today i m trying to catch up on housework my family got hit by a really bad bug, sinus infections, strep throat and i feel too weak to do anything! i m shaking right now. i don t know if i need to eat or something, or i m about to keel over! my dr says i need medication at this point, because i am completely agoraphobic. i notice every twinge within my body. i m feeling so helpless at this point, i can t live like this anymore. can you guys help me please? i know i need to help myself. it s just hard.
just got prescribed enlift, xanax as well as magnesium for my anxiety. do you guys have any insight on what to expect? personal experiences? hello! after dreading going to a psychiatrist for a couple of months i finally got the courage to do it and this is a big step for me. the doctor prescribed me enlift , xanax and magnesium which i've heard good things about it in this subreddit . ive only ever been prescribed zoloft, tried it for about 3 months and it didn't work for me so i'm basically going in blind. the doctor told me some basic instructions as well as explained how they work but it doesn't ease my anxiety about them, especially xanax. i generally get a lot of anxiety about medications tho not just this kind . i know medications like these aren't a one size fits all but i think it would ease my anxiety to know some of your guys personal experiences with them. i think knowing i'm not alone in this will make it less scary for me, especially with the stigma in my country around any medication for mental health. edit looked up enlift and it goes by a lot of other names but google says it's scientific name is escitalopram if that's of any help
asking someone to repeat themselves is anxiety inducing so today i went to get my nose pierced. the guy piercing my nose spoke at a low volume at times, so it was hard to hear what he was saying to me. there were two instances where i felt very anxious after asking him to repeat himself. first he said something to me while i was signing something. i said hmm? and stared at me for a few seconds before saying nevermind. from that moment on, i was anxious, thinking about him talking more and me not being able to hear him. he did end up talking again. he asked me which side i wanted the piercing on. i said hmm three times because i just couldn t hear him. he stared at me for a few seconds before saying it one more time, slowly and in a seemingly annoyed tone. i was so ready to leave the shop. he said to come back if i had any issues with my piercing.. i really hope i don t have any. i m already thinking about me not being able to hear him again and him staring me down while looking annoyed. i really feel like i annoyed the guy but i didn t mean to. i just couldn t hear him well at times. this happened at 3pm. it s 1am rn and it s still bothering me..
colon cancer symptoms for 1.5 months hello guys, i hope i m in the correct sub, please direct me if i m not. i m 22 and have no family history of colon cancer. around mid january, i started having extremely large amounts of diarrhea, probably like 4 5 times a day. within 2 weeks, i was still having diarrhea but now blood started showing up, and now every time apart from 1 2 here and there i have blood in my stool. within the last week, i m still going 4 5 times a day, but half of those are usually to pass mucus and blood, nothing else. the rest of the time i still pass mucus and blood, but with normal stool. it might be stress related because college work is pretty hectic, but i manage and i have no other stress symptoms. i went to my doctor around 2 weeks ago and he said there was nothing he can do, so he scheduled a gi appointment which is finally coming this tuesday. the problem is that i read cancer stories from people my age, and they all say they initially got passed off by several doctors because of their age group, and they don t get the diagnosis until they finally get a colonoscopy, so i will make sure i get one. what do you guys think?
my grandparent is dying and i m a mess. i wasn t sure where to put this but it s causing a lot of anxiety so here i am. im going from intense anxiety to feeling numb and empty. he was basically my father figure growing up. he taught me so much and i value his lessons more that he will ever know. i m not sure how long he has but when i saw him this week the air felt different.i ve just gotten a text saying he s not going to be around much longer from my older brother. im scared for him. he s in so much pain now and i hope he can pass peacefully but i don t want him to leave me. i don t want him to leave with out knowing how much i love him. there s so much left unsaid. i m not religious and there s so much uncertainty in death in my mind. the fact that he ll be gone and i ll never see or talk to him again is scary. i m terrified. i ll miss him. i m absolutely going to spiral. i m not sure how to grieve. i need some advice on what i do. i have a therapist and stuff. i just don t understand how people go through this pain. im worried this is going to lead to self destructive behaviors and i know he wouldn t want that for me. any advice is welcomed.
shortness of breath for only seconds at a time.. for as long as i can remember i ve been getting these weird feelings in my chest that feel like i completely lose my breath. it only lasts for about 10 seconds then stops, but it s a strong sensation. it feels like when you jump into extremely cold water and it takes your breath away except i m always just sitting there doing nothing when it hits. i always related it to sinus problems or allergies, but i m not having issues with any of that right now and the issue is worsening. it happens like 2 to 3 times a day now. i seriously don t know if this just random panic attacks hitting, or a heart or lung issue?? i m convinced i m dying but i can t afford to go to the dr right now, let alone an emergency dr. i feel like it can t be panic attacks if it happens when i m in a perfectly good mood. sometimes i ll be sitting at my computer at work... sometimes i ll be putting my son to bed... it s just random. but the feeling is making my anxiety 100 times worse and for the whole month of january i ve basically had crippling anxiety from it. not even in the food to function anymore. i m over it. thoughts?
my anxiety is ruining my personal relationships recently i got a fairly nice gift for a friend's birthday 40 worth which isn't an extravagant gift, but definitely the nicest gift i've given in this particular friend group. i was really excited about this gift because i thought it was a good fit for this person. unfortunately, my excitement for giving this gift turned to anxiety as i became concerned about how such a relatively nice gift might be perceived being given to a friend of the opposite sex.... i realize this is completely irrational.... as most of my anxiety is. so this became a trigger for a multi week bout of extremely high anxiety and this person definitely realized that they were the trigger for it one way or another......... and now it seems like they are at the point that they are starting to get a little freaked out and i'm afraid of losing one of my closest friends. i feel the need to apologize or explain..... for making them feel so horrible, but how can you explain this. i'm afraid that talking to them about it will just make it more awkward. our recent interactions have been cold and awkward. i don't know what to do now.
lymph node just...gone? 21m, i ve been worried about lymphoma for over a year now. i had a lump in my armpit that i didn t know if it was a lymph node cyst muscle nothing at all for over a year. it never grew, changed, anything. i check it from time to time and get anxious once in a while, but have gotten it relatively under control the anxiety . anyways, i go to the gym today like any other normal day, come home to shower and it s....not there? i cracked my shoulder at the gym but nothing else out of the ordinary i did work shoulders and it s just not sticking out like it did, and i m thoroughly confused and quite honestly anxious for no reason at all. i have been dealing with a shoulder injury for as long as i can remember as well. where did it go? was it not a lymph node then? it s still the slightest bit asymmetrical from my right armpit, but not like usual. was it likely not even a lymph node then? i ve been told that if it remained unchanged for so long 14 months from noticing it that it s either unlikely a lymph node or just a shotty one. it s rare that lymphoma would leave the same node unchanged for such a long time i was told.
headache, facial tension and semi paralysis, anti social, loud music not sure if the correct flair but i need help. lately i've been feeling terrible. i get this weird headache and weird dizziness feeling like i'm surpresses, my face tenses and hurts and some facial expressions feel paralysed sometimes. because of it i am acting very anti social and can't function in any way. i don't know what to do but it's a living hell. i feel like i have sunk to a lower dimension of hell and can't get out. my brain is so tense and head and face, i can't look people in the eye, i can't laugh communicate. i feel so down and terrible it's awful. i have a theory it has something to do with ear damage as i produce music and been listening to extremely loud music for very long periods, for a long time now. when i started working, the loudest i can listen was half strong as what it is now, which i gradually increased over time. i fear i have really damaged something in the ear which is causing all this nausea, awful headache, tension and disability to live. please help me i can't do nothing, even sleep feels terrible!!! i rarely feel normal .. please help!
need some help, was doing so good too. hey guys! i was doing so good, it had been weeks that i had finally got over my ha for the most part. however, today, i went down the anxiety spiral again. i was itching my back and decided to look at my moles since they seemed to be itchy. nothing too crazy just a few itches. i've read about melanoma before and kind of disregarded it because although i have a good 60 moles none of them showed signs of melanoma. recently i have been getting some new moles, which isn't that crazy in itself but there seemed to be a lot more popping up. so anyway i unfortunately got on the google and did some research on different types of melanoma and what to look for than preceded to check myself. i noticed two somewhat suspect moles. one is slight red brown and the other one appears to be a kinda line. i read that linear melanoma are of the types and it looks a little similar. i'm freaking out because i don't have health insurance, and don't think i can pay for a dermatologist out of pocket since i'm somewhat young and on a fixed income. any advice on how i can handle this or anything i can do to ease my anxieties?
body extremely heavy, and so much more my body has been so heavy for over a week. my dr said it s anxiety most likely but i m afraid something is wrong because i kept having rib pains, stomach issues, random pains in my head, joint pains, just really weird and random shit. i also have been dealing with tmj like symptoms head pressure,stiff neck issues, minor back issues, ear ringing i m just afraid something is wrong no matter how many times people say it s anxiety. i also have allergies and sometimes they make my stomach upset, throat itchy, hives ect and now i m afraid anytime i get a small hive or itchy spot my throat is going to close up i get hives a lot and have for years... and my throat has never closed up,.. i got anxiety medication but i m like hesitant to take it as needed. i also keep gagging randomly especially after food. my chest aches some but it doesn t feel like an anxiety ache it is almost like a muscle ache? idk just weird shit. i m just freaking myself out so much and everyone is sick of me!!! i m afraid of having ms or spinal issues, nerve issues, cancer, brain aneurisms. ugh help. i m starting zoloft tonight btw.
my class always laugh at me whenever i try to recite because i stutter and my answer where nonsense i have a low self esteem, i dont have confidence and i stutter a lot. i cant recite during class, because i got a hard time explaining what i want to say, i feel worthless and devastated to the point i lost interest in my life i feel pathetic and i know im not worth it im not smart since i always get a low grade but still manage to pass i feel so small despite the fact that i struggle a lot i have a social anxiety and depression but you know i try to change myself, i try to be a person who i want to be, yet i cant change myself because no one got my back, no one believe in me and support me, its hard to fight alone in this lonely and painfull battle within myself then now i realize that i live my life pleasing the other people, i feel sorry for myself and life, i realize the people will never acknowledge or believe in me because in the first place they see me as a trash and stupid.... i want to show to the people who laugh at me, who never believe in me and to the people who never support me that i can achieve something in my life.....
i recently remembered multiple sclerosis exists a few weeks ago i felt a weird pulsating sharp pain in the back of my head, i promised myself i wouldn't google it but by the end of the day i just couldn't let go. so i googled it and worried for days i had occipital neuralgia but it went away and then i remember the next suggested disease multiple sclerosis. and now i just conviced myself all the weird symptoms i had and went to the doctor only to be told i'm completely fine must be because of ms. like the times i thought i was having a heart attack because of pain in my left arm, or when i thought i had a detached retina because my eyes felt weird and i thought i saw flashing lights. when i focus on something really close to my eyes and then focus on something far and feel a little desoriented etc etc etc. it must all be neurological after all! and now i feel all these things again and i keep thinking what if it isn't psychosomatic. on top of it, i'm going to be without insurance for a few months while i'm in between jobs and neurologists and mris are just waay to expensive. how the hell do i convince myself i'm going to be fine?
flu season destroys me hey everyone, i have been a lurker for a while on this subreddit but i struggle so badly with ha, flu season is what does me in, i have emetephobia as well but flu season makes me agoraphobic at times. every single winter for the last three years i am burning my hands with sanitizer and if i hear i was near someone with the flu i will nearly throw up from a panic attack and sometimes panic so hard i am sweating and coming down with flu symptoms just from anxiety alone. amp x200b i do not understand why my fear of the flu is so intense, i have no idea how to make it less intense, and last years flu season was so scary i feel like i will never recover from the fear. i was at the doctor today for a cough that won't quit and a sinus infection and somebody with the flu who tested positive was there....i am now nauseous with the thought i may get it. amp x200b i know we all struggle so badly, but does anybody have any tips for dealing with severe anxiety the flu? i am terrified i will get it and die, and if i get it i will panic about dying the entire time and make it worse. amp x200b thank you for reading this.
shortness of breath lymphoma pe hey guys, amp x200b first of all, i need to say i'm so glad i found this community ! i've read several post and it's good to see that i'm not alone with that hell that is health anxiety. amp x200b i've always had anxiety but rarely experienced physical symptoms from it. for 5 days now, i really have trouble breathing. it feels like i'm always gasping for air. i did have chest pain for the first days but not so much now. i feel like something is stuck in my throat. amp x200b all of this started because i found a painless lump in my neck about the size of a pea. of course, i googled it and found it might be lymphoma. i also googled shortness of breath and found it might be pe which is scary because my grand mother had two pe in fall . amp x200b i did a pulmonary xray and blood test 1 month and half ago and everything was normal but i can't help but think of the worst. i'm fairly young f 23 but the fear of having cancer or suddenly faint is intense. i have a doctor appointment coming up not related to this and i don't know what to tell her without sounding crazy lol. amp x200b thank you for reading.
college student w anxiety dating life i first developed severe anxiety and panic disorder in my senior year of high school. i can proudly say that with perseverance, proper medication, and the help of my lovely therapist, family, and friends, i was able to complete my senior year and begin college in the fall. i ve taken a liking to this guy in my class, and we will hang out this weekend. i am very inexperienced in the dating world as i ve only really gone out with three guys ever none of which lasted more than a few months. though i had not been diagnosed with anxiety in my sophomore year of high school, i began dating this guy whom i was pretty infatuated with. however, the first time he put his arm around me, i shook uncontrollably. i misread that as a sign that he wasn t suitable for me when it was just anxiety. fast forward to now, i am anxious about seeing this guy this weekend, and i am scared that these feelings of fear won t go away even if we continue to see each other. has anyone else been through this? what should i do? i don t want to be limited from dating but l my body is giving me unclear signals of what to do.
venting a little info new to the community. i m 18f, weight is 165 at 5 4. back in september i got diagnosed with a stomach infection called cdiff. it s been a whirlwind since then. if you read up on it it s super hard to get rid of mainly because elderly people primarily get it and it s a spore firming bacteria. it can kill you. it caused me tremendous anxiety. but of course with my luck, i contracted it. i was on antibiotics for two months, now i m waiting to retest my stool again. i have to wait a month at least in case i get a false positive stool test. everything has been normal bathroom wise for a month. so i thought i had gotten rid of it, and was excited to go back to the doctor. until yesterday, my lose stools came back. again. and now i m through the roof just upset. if i test positive for it again, i ve tested positive twice now. then i go in for a fecal matter transplant. also for the past few months i ve been experiencing this sternum pain, literally in my chest bone. only with certain arm movements. anywho, moral of this is that i just want to be okay. it s affecting me, my relationship, and everything around me.
venting a little info new to the community. i m 18f, weight is 165 at 5 4. back in september i got diagnosed with a stomach infection called cdiff. it s been a whirlwind since then. if you read up on it it s super hard to get rid of mainly because elderly people primarily get it and it s a spore firming bacteria. it can kill you. it caused me tremendous anxiety. but of course with my luck, i contracted it. i was on antibiotics for two months, now i m waiting to retest my stool again. i have to wait a month at least in case i get a false positive stool test. everything has been normal bathroom wise for a month. so i thought i had gotten rid of it, and was excited to go back to the doctor. until yesterday, my lose stools came back. again. and now i m through the roof just upset. if i test positive for it again, i ve tested positive twice now. then i go in for a fecal matter transplant. also for the past few months i ve been experiencing this sternum pain, literally in my chest bone. only with certain arm movements. anywho, moral of this is that i just want to be okay. it s affecting me, my relationship, and everything around me.
throat chest palpatations, left eye twitch and weakness almost everywhere so i had been doing great with my health anxiety for nearly a year. i actually haven t visited this sub reddit in a few months as things were smooth sailing. it all started last sunday and it s only gotten worse. i ve been having this palpitation that happens probably 3 4 times ever single hour along with my eye twitching constantly pain in back of my head. it feels like i constantly have to burp throw up. anytime i eat i feel sick and either want to puke or use the bathroom. accompanied with these symptoms is general weakness fatigue everywhere. the pressure pain in my chest stomach refuses to go away. no amount of pepto or antacids works. i ve posted on this subreddit before that i am terrified of having a heart condition. i ve had a lot of testing done after one incident back in 2015 and doctors have said i m fine. i don t know what any of this could be. maybe it s something they didn t find with my heart? maybe it s something else? but it s been a weak and it s just been so damn frustrating. any thoughts, opinions and responses are more than welcome.
how to tell a pimple from early signs of msra or flesh eating disease? i'm really hoping this is just from over sweating, i had part of my arm resting on my desk, i was sweating after listen to music rather energetically, i raise my arm and suddenly notice a reddish raised bump that looked like a pimple, only thing was it came on suddenly, i didn't have this before, its not painful, mainly slightly sore uncomfortable, gets sorer when touched. at first i thought it was just a bite or a pimple, i googled sudden pimple on arm and got a result for woman mistakes flesh eating disease for pimple, dies. and had a near fucking panic attack. recently someone in the household had to drive some family to the e.r, i'm worried they might have tracked some sort of mrsa back with them, as they had to stay for a few hours. i'm really hoping this is just a sweat pimple, because the desk could have been impairing the skins ability to breath. i used to get similar bumps on my legs when working out with some particularly uncomfortable briefs, so i'm really hoping thats all it is but i can't shake the fear that it could be something more severe.
my hiv health anxiety nightmare i participated in a low risk activity. it is estimated the chances of acquiring hiv are about 1 in 2,500. nevertheless, it has happened. 4.5 weeks later i got the flu. cue health anxiety meltdown. i tested at 5.5 weeks. negative. 3 other tests later. negative. i have just ordered my final test at 12 weeks. i know it s probably unnecessary but i just need to do it to be able to move on. funnily enough, this is happened before. 3 weeks after a risk where my doctor said that hiv transmission just doesn t happen this way , i absolutely freaked. cue two negative tests and 1.5 years of worry and not fully believing i was hiv negative. i know better than anyone the toll this condition can have on you. from the physical symptoms to the stress, the incessant symptom googling, the constant feeling of your lymph nodes or checking your tongue in the mirror or freaking at a bump on your head that s probably been there since you were born. it fucking sucks. 200 of testing later... let s hope this chapter of my life has ended. and i can start living again. because i ve been living in my head for a while now.
terrified i have myocarditis and will suddenly die soon i've been suffering cold like viral symptoms for the last 10 days, and i'm terrified the virus will attack my heart in a condition known as myocarditis. it began as a sore throat and a constant need to clear my throat, but has now progressed to a hacking, productive cough. i have also had some chest pain today, although admittedly it feels muscular. roughly 4 days into my symptoms 6 days ago now i went to er and they performed ecg and took blood. cardiac troponins were not elevated and ecg was normal . however, i can't get my mind off the idea that because my viral symptoms have worsened, the virus is attacking my heart and i now have myocarditis. is it worth going to er again for an ecg and cardiac troponins to put my mind at ease? i've been reading reports over at the myocarditis foundation website and what strikes me as particularly terrifying about this disease is its tendency to randomly cause sudden death without prior warning. i mean, as a health anxiety sufferer whose condition arises from a fear of death, this is the worst illness i ever could've learned about.
convinced i'm dying. first post in here very nervous so it'll be long winded. on monday, i had pain under my armpit and across my chest on the left side. i convinced myself i had everything from breast cancer to heart failure. went to the doctor on thursday and she diagnosed me with shingles. my rash is more like a cluster of spots, and it's not itchy or have any of the other symptoms. since then, i've convinced myself my organs are failing and that i have a blood clot. the latest is breast cancer. was in the shower and noticed a small, about an inch long, patch of skin that's red. no itch, no rash, spot or lumps. it's not hot to touch. it's just red skin. the thing that's throwing me is that it's on my right side, whereas the shingles is on the left. i've alway suffered with anxiety, but never health anxiety. i've just bought a house and i'm moving in on friday i'm starting to think that because i'm not stressed about that, i'm stressing about every single twinge in my body. for example, i'm now extremely dizzy. it's a side effect of the anti vitals, but i'm here writing a will. somebody please tell me i'm not going crazy.
throat nastiness for months! honestly just need a little reassurance that nothing is wrong. i'm a 22 year old male, and i've had hard swollen lymph nodes in my neck especially my right side , drainage and nasty looking tonsils for 2 months. i've also had a feeling of tightness in my throat. i've been on allergy medication but it hasn't really helped. 2 blood tests have shown that i have low white blood cell count, and i have had a round of antibiotics but it didn't help. i've seen 2 nurse practitioners and the only thing they could offer is that i do an sti test, which came back all clear. i'm going to see my pcp soon, but as a college student 5 hours away from home, it makes me a bit anxious that something could be seriously wrong and i'm so far away from decent help, or at least help that my insurance covers. plus, i've already missed at least 3 days of school for visits and whatnot. just a sinus infection that is lasting for months? some other virus? some sti the test didn't check for? something worse? i have no idea. if anybody is interested in seeing a picture of my throat, it's in another post in my post history.
brain tumor concerns i ve been feeling super anxious lately and thought it would be worth venting out at the moment. i m m 20 years old, and i ve been feeling anxious over the idea of a brain tumor. headaches have been present ish, but they ve been minor. i wouldn t call them the worst headaches in my life. i feel like i ve been seeing tiny streaks of light? it s not huge glares, or anything that has messed up my vision, but i feel like i see tiny streaks sometimes. i sometimes feel like i have double vision when reading? but that might be just a me problem since i need glasses. left eyelid has a small twitch. though the right eyelid has been starting a bit too. been waking up earlier than normal . not sure if my speech always had me stuttering. might be overthinking it. my ears have been ringing for a while now. i haven t vomited, or suffered any seizures yet. i dunno if i can chalk this up to allergies, since they hit hard this season. i just need comfort that this isn t a reason to panic. this anxiety has been really messing me up, and even if i m going to the doctor in two weeks, i m a bit concerned for my health.
ssris i had a drs appt this am before work about starting meds for anxiety. im anxious about taking meds in general and dont want to take ssris. long story short, i came prepared and specifically asked for one of two meds wellbutrin and buspar . the dr supervising physician refused to prescribe either. one bc im at a high risk of seizures bc family history alcoholism other meds... that was the one i wanted most bc it does depression, anxiety, adhd, and helps w nicotine alcohol cessation. the other one was the only other anxiety med i was willing to try and they said no bc it doesn't treat depression, only anxiety. the hypothesis is that my severe anxiety is the only reason i am able to function with slightly less severe depression, so they don't want to prescibe it bc the fear is if they treat the anxiety but not the depression i will quickly spiral into a deep depression. i haven't felt this depressed in quite a while. i don't want to take an ssri, and it feels like my only option is that or panic attacks wherein i get so stressed out my blood pressure rises high enough to give me nosebleeds like an anime character.
brutal bowel movements after eating and random, constant burning sensation in chest all day no matter what hi all, just wondering if anyone else has dealt with this, my health anxiety is improving, no more panic attacks, googling has gone way down, but my stomach just wont seem to improve and this burning in my chest right between the collar bones seems to be completely random. i don't feel particularly anxious, i cant even recognize it right now, just kinda deflated to be honest but i know my thoughts remain on my health just way less intense than they were. i don't really enjoy eating because i know whats in store for me and have gone from 187lbs to 164lbs. i had an endoscopy that they said was clear, i'll most likely need to have a colonoscopy doctor said and going to see a lung specialist soon. if that stuff comes up clear which it probably will any advice how you help ease your stomach? worst part is my diet is way better than it was so like should shrug i'm thinking of taking cbd oil but iono at this point, just lost. i try not to think about the burning and the bowel pain but its so in my face its hard not to.
really struggling this week with my health anxiety wondering if anyone has the same issues? so i am on my last leg of a series of work trips away from home. i have 3 days left but the last few days have been terrible. i am constantly on edge worried my heart is going to give out to make matters worse i am waking up early in the morning in my hotel with a racing heart beat so my sleep is terrible. to make matters worse i am periodically getting pins and needles feelings in my extremities and or face which is further driving my heart anxiety. i am a 43 year old male that is healthy and only slightly overweight and had a physical less than a year ago with no issues and low cholesterol ect. even with this knowledge i still worry i am going to die alone in my hotel of a heart attack and just cannot seem to get my head straight. anyone else have this issue or have had it in the past? could really use some encouragement and advice. i feel like i should go to the er to double check everything is ok but whenever i do this i end up paying hundreds to be told it is anxiety related. appreciate any advice as i m really struggling
throat ear stuff going on i m having the worst day.. i ve been having random symptoms that have triggered me in a huge way. i had a bad bout of colds for almost two months and when i finally recovered i felt like i had a grain of rice in the back of my throat. now i m prone to tonsil stones and noticed a bit come out but the feeling was still there. it almost feels as though one is lodged deep and i can t get to it or see it. additionally i ve had some dull ear pain off and on. i went to urgent care and the doctor got out a tiny bit of something in the back of my throat but it didn t resolve it completely. she said my throat looked healthy but i still worry she missed something. today i made the stupid mistake of checking my throat for the billionth time and noticed a white patch in the back of my throat and went down a google spiral. i feel so anxious it s hard to function. i have a little baby and he deserves better than what i m giving him right now. i feel like a failure and yet i can t break out of this vicious cycle. has anyone else experienced these symptoms? i did make an ent appt and i m scared shitless.
one side of my face is doing some very weird things swollen gums, a lump in my jaw, ear ache and now i ve woken up and i can t hear out of my ear, could it be a tumor? i m panicking so much that i m not sure how i m going to make it through work today, i m shaking, i can t think straight. at first i thought it was my wisdom tooth coming through as the swelling and pain was around that area and i could feel the crown coming up, then the swelling went down but the pain remained, then i felt pain in my jaw and noticed there was a large lump on it that wasn t there before, it felt a bit like bone. that s still there and it still aches, but then yesterday my ear started aching and i ve just woken up this morning and it still hurts and it feels full so i can t hear out of it. i m scared there s a tumor growing in that side of my face which is causing everything to hurt, and is blocking my ear canal. i ve booked a dentist appointment for the swelling gums and everything and i m going to get a doctors appointment asap although there s like a 2 week turnaround at the moment. i m so worried guys what is happening to me?
upper neck spine pain anxiety so i've been diagnosed with gad and i'm a senior in college so i've had unbelievably high stress and anxiety levels lately because of my impending graduation and uncertain future. within the past few weeks i've developed this disturbing new symptom where whenever i start to feel anxious or stressed i get this weird pressure feeling in my neck, almost as if it is in my spine and someone is squeezing it. from there, my panic takes over and my heart begins to race, my stomach hurts and i feel nauseous, i get a tension headache, and i feel all wound up and ready to flee. my upper neck and shoulder muscles have been incredibly tight lately, so rationally i'm sure this spinal feeling is just a result of muscle tension and anxiety, as well as the crappy dorm mattress and my poor posture. however, i've convinced myself i have a brain tumor or am going to develop epilepsy or something. dr. google certainly didn't help because i googled symptoms of a brain tumor and guess what, i have most of them! i just don't know what to do to calm myself down, i feel like i'm spiraling out of control.
anxiety is effecting my school and my life tw hi loves lt 33. i 16f am looking for advise on how to go forward. for some background i have moved from a small town to the big city after some majorly traumatising events that i wont get into here. but after a year after living here comfortably i had an event trigger the traumatising memories from my past. after this i have struggled with fearing when i leave the house which makes it really hard to go to school. i get so worried that i get physically sick when i have to leave. my attendance is getting really bad. i am considering home schooling but my mum thinks i wont be self motivated enough to do it my self. it got so bad that i had to go to the hospital because i tried to end my life. my mother wasn't supportive of me and just is pretending that nothing happened. so i'm starting to get really worried about not being able to finish high school. i only have two years left until so i don't know if i'm being dramatic or not. i just started medication and they haven't helped much. anyway if you got this far thanks for reading any advise would be helpfull . lt 33
stomach issues i currently have some stomach issues that's making my ha flare up. amp x200b it started 3 weeks ago when i felt nauseus after eating lunch, i then focused on this and started googling bad idea then i started feeling bloated after eating and i was having early satiety, belching burping and nausea. i had good and bad days but was mostly afraid of stomach cancer... however, after reading cancer statistics only one person between 30 and 35 got stomach cancer last year here in norway i no longer have this concern. but the problems are still here. i went to the doctor on friday, he said it was reflux because of a weak muscle in my stomach and put me on nexium 20mg for 4 weeks, so that my esophagus would heal.. i took this medication for two days and have stopped because of bad side effects i got very bad nausea and diarrhea and stomach pain amp x200b i still have the following symptoms bloating and gas in stomach after eating, nausea and no appetite. i have lost some weight, but i have not eaten as much as i usually do. is this anxiety playing its tricks on me? has anyone had similar experiences?
tingling in side back of head has anyone had head tingling numbness with anxiety? i spent the last 15 minutes freaking out because i woke up today feeling somewhat very anxious. a few minutes later, i felt this crawling tingling feeling that started from my left temple to the back of head. it comes and goes and boy.....the panic i felt with it was the icing on top of the cake. there's no pain whatsoever, but just a weird sensation that makes me feel like the left side of my head is going numb. this is the first time it's happened to me. i have been somewhat anxious these past few days about my health , so i'm not sure if that is the trigger? i don't have any headaches whatsoever. and i'm refraining from googling because i know whatever i'm reading is gonna aggravate my anxiety. but my brain has decided that it's best to jump to the worst case scenario i'm trying to keep calm because i know if i let my thoughts run loose, it's going to make me feel worse. but i'm really wondering if it's the stress anxiety causing it. my neck shoulders feel relatively fine, so i don't think it's a pulled muscle or tension.
really scared this is the start of something i've been having sinus issues for the last few weeks and its been driving me crazy with repeated hospital visits and i don't know what to do. this january i got a middle ear infection from a flu or cold and after antibiotic treatment it went away and now i'm having pressure on my other ear that feels just the same and i'm worried its another ear infection. i've been googling non stop and i don't know what to do. i've been googling people who lost their hearing and are completely depressed and hiv related to sinus issues because i still have a runny nose all the time and maybe i'm undiagnosed for it. i'm worried that what if my immune system is failing because i have hiv, or cancer. is this called stress... i don't know what is normal because i've been on edge for years now and i'm scared. i don't know what to do. i go normal for a few days then in a state of panic for another month. is this hiv should i be worried? what if its another ear infection i don't want to go deaf and be depressed for it ! sorry for grammar or spelling. english isn't my main language.
so i'm in diagnostic phase to see if i have breast cancer and my doctors won't tell me anything. okay so backstory. four 4 weeks ago i found a lump under my armpit. it was hard, fixed in place and didn't hurt. i watched to see if it would go away and it didn't. so i made an appointment with my gp. when he examined it he found that it was coming off of breast tissue of my right breast and ordered a mammogram and ultrasound which i had wednesday. they found three lumps in my breast not including what is under my arm as well as my lymph nodes being enlarged. the only reason i know this is because i saw this on the ultrasound and asked the sonographer sp? . she showed the doctor my results and they recommended a ct scan with contrast and are sending me to a specialist. i've called to try and get my results from the mammogram ultra sound but they won't give them to me over the phone which i understand . i had the ct scan today and see the specialist tuesday. i'm wondering if this was the process those of you with breast cancer or any cancer really went through test wise or do i have nothing to worry about?
mucus in stool and anxiety do you guys have white mucus in your stool? i'm very anxious and very often worry about my health. as the rest of you here, i survived numerous illnesses, diseases and i always worried about them without real reason. in the last 2 years i have some white mucus with every stool. sometimes barely noticeable, sometimes more. of course i'm freaking out and think about ibd, cancer and the worst possible outcome. however i don't have any other symptoms. no abdominal pain, no blood. i even don't fit into ibs, those guys have much more troubles than me. if this is ibd or cancer i'm pretty sure i wouldn't feel well and would have more symptoms. i'm also one of those guys who afraid to be diagnosed thus i didn't visited a doctor yet. i had periods when i managed to convict myself that i'm fine and during that periods i have very small amounts of mucus. but a few days ago it become more noticeable, then i started to examine my poops and freaked out. of course now i have more and more of it. i'm curious if this could be my anxiety only? do you guys ever noticed mucus in your stool?
scared i ve got cervical cancer hiya. i ve been trying to keep my ha at bay, been plagued by it for 15yrs almost now. currently worrying i have cervical cancer and i can t check because i have vaginismus whenever i try to have smear tests. i ve had a lot going on since october last year and tried to seek answers from health professionals i say that so lightly and people on reddit for advice. i ve had loads of symptoms since january that you can get with various stages of cervical cancer but i don t know if it s based on basic stuff. i ve had around 5 blood tests, stool samples, ultrasounds of my ovaries in that time and two unsuccessful smear exams. i m super scared but apparently any changes could be picked up in bloodwork i ve been told by a semi professional, my bf s mum is a gp so i try to ask him to get her opinions etc. i m so scared and keep googling cervical cancer and the signs. tho i ve had swabs taken from just outside my cervix tho that won t detect any normalities. i just wanna be normal and not worry. this is the second cancer scare i ve put myself through since february
worried about arsenic poisoning i'm a college student volunteering at the local natural history museum in the ornithology collection. early on my supervisor warned me that some of the older specimens had been treated with arsenic. i continued sorting specimens, never running into the aforementioned older ones until last tuesday. when i encountered them i made sure to handle them carefully and thoroughly washed my hands when i had finished with each bird. when i mentioned the specimens to my supervisor she jokingly said technically we should be using gloves . i immediately began to panic. for the last few days i've been concerned that my health has unecessarily been put in jeopardy. i read online that there can potentially be cross contamination between specimens, so now i'm worried other birds could have had trace amounts. i haven't always been super diligent about washing my hands post volunteering. now, i think i may have permanent brain damage. i forgot my headphones to an editing job today, which only bolstered my concern. does anyone know anything about arsenic? i'm freaking out.
sleep tips for anxiety and stress recently i ve been going through a really stressful period of my life and it has also greatly increased my anxiety. this makes it especially difficult to sleep. i often take 2 hours laying in bed to fall asleep and then wake up about 3 4 times a night and i can t even tell you the last time i got a full 7 8 hours. i often wake up due to vivid dreams or maybe just due to all the things on my mind which i think may be contributing to poor sleep i often have to take a melatonin in the middle of the night to fall back asleep. i also take magnesium supplements sometimes but i ve had my ups and downs with them as they tend to increase the vivid dreams i also quit weed sorta recently which may factor into why i ve been having so many vivid dreams and having sleep troubles i m wondering if anyone has any advice on how i could get better sleep and any other supplements that may help with it if needed. i just wanna fall asleep quicker and stop waking in the middle of the nights and i wanna see if anyone here has had similar experiences and if anything helped.
coping idk if this will be helpful to anyone else but i've been a hypochondriac my whole life, since very young. over the last year i decided to improve my anxiety problems. i had an experience recently that kind of personified how i went about learning to cope better. basically, when i was in high school, smoking weed usually gave me panic attacks until after it actually set in. after i took a hit, i had a hard time accepting the reality of the situation, which is the key point i am making here. as i have improved with my anxiety issues over the past year, i took up smoking weed again for a while, with very little anxiety. a couple weeks ago, i smoked more than i usually did, so the set in was much more intense. although it felt good, i noticed there was some anxiety building up in the back of my mind. i began to panic. but i decided to try just letting go, and accepting the reality of what was happening. no more anxiety, i was able to enjoy the drug. so basically, what worked for me was accepting that something bad may happen to me and i just have to accept that and deal with it.
eyelids twitching for many months? just wondering how many people here have had their eyelids twitching for many months or longer ? if you finally got it to go away, what did you do? i see a lot of posts where people are stressing about eyelids twitches they ve had for days or weeks or sometimes hours . but mine have twitched to varying degrees since last may or so. i have tried several bouts of destressing, improving my sleep, meditating, exercising, eating bananas, drinking tonic water, taking multivitamins, ... but can t seem to get them to stop twitching. i also notice if i blink hard, sneeze, look certain directions, etc that they ll start twitching. if i partially close my eyes then the muscles around my eyes quiver like they re straining to hold the position. which leads me down the path of thinking it s more than stress anxiety and something more in my muscles or nervous system. especially since it has lasted this long, through many periods of low stress. any advice from people who have beaten this? i can t even remember what it was like to go a whole day without twitching!
palms of hand acting strange! photos https imgur.com a m9nxmwg while i was in my mirror pinning clothing to be sewn my palm on my left hand started acting funny and i looked at it and it seems to look like it s swollen a bit. my right hand was doing that for a while had a very random hyperextending thumb which i ve never had but now it bends back far whenever i hold it up . i also noticed the veins in my hands body in general are extremely noticeable but i wasn t worried too much about that part as i am a pale person and none of them are varicose veins. i do have shown in last photo this pinched swollen looking vein or tendon no idea what that is a little below my index fingers that had shown up over the summer and that was what started health anxiety in my life to begin with. if anyone knows if it looks like something is actually off, i would appreciate any advice. ofc going to a doctor is always the best bet but i am about to travel for a weekend out of country i believed for a while that i may have carpal tunnel by the way my palms and some fingers have been acting. thanks all!
health anxiety sucks. i've been struggling with headaches amp a lot of brain fog for the past month or so. it hasn't really caused any issues besides me feeling super out of it amp pain until recently after a really sharp pain in the left side of my head which has lead to the ''buzzing'' in my head getting a lot worse and the same side throbbing randomly. i'm so anxious it could be something serious but my brain is also telling me i'm overreacting. it's causing my health anxiety to flare up a lot, it's gotten so bad i'm wide awake googling symptoms of what it could possibly be amp struggling to even relax at home because the symptoms are constant which leads my anxiety going through the roof and the cycle continues. i wanna go to the doctor but i also don't wanna waste their time in case they can't help me or it isn't anything at all amp it's all in my head. i was struggling before this but now this is really debilitating for me. i don't wanna get out of bed because i'm just gonna have to deal with the random pain throbbing and the anxiety about it. i just wanna feel normal again.
reinforcing anxiety by going to the doctor recently i have been thinking about whether or not i should go to the doctor for the bigger problems i can't seem to shake. i was told a while back i had a lesion in my leg that was most likely benign and then that was it. i didn't hear anything back from any doctor about it and i didn't know where to go or what to do about it and my ha went through the roof because of it. i recently went to my main doctor and asked him about it. he told me they can't legally say 100 something is benign because they can be sued over it, but reallistically it most likely was benign. he said that i could always get an x ray if i needed reassurance to make sure it hasn't changed ar all. my question is this, what do you guys think you would do in my position? i have had enough radiation in my body already and i want to avoid it as much as possible. and i feel like maybe not going and getting the x ray can teach me more skills that i need to cope. i know something is there but i still have to live my life. and trust in my faith of god. i appreciate any advice.
cannabis carts are publicly known to have pesticides in them recently and i just found out i really hope i m in the right place for this i m a 20 year old male 6 2 140lbs and i have smoked no less than 3 and no more than 6 grams of the cartridge brands in question in the last 3 months. i have been having occasional random brief pains in various places on my chest and stomach. my left arm also has felt tingly but hasn t actually gone to sleep. these symptoms have been going on for 2 weeks. i have thrown away the cart as of yesterday but i keep reading and seeing stuff about heated pesticides being like nazi gas and i have been dealthy afraid of whats going to happen to me. i can t tell my family because they don t know i smoke anymore after getting in trouble 3 years ago and stopping . karma right i don t really know what my question is, i m just unable to focus on my schoolwork or home life because i m constantly thinking about my body and listening for a warning bell that this is gonna be the pain that sends me to the hospital. can i detox without going to a doctor and be okay??
terrified of being pregnant hiii i'm 19 and on birth control but sometimes i'm bad at taking it on time because of the hours that i work. in september i had sex without a condom but he didn't finish in me and we didn't even have sex for very long so i know there's a low chance of pregnancy already. i've had light periods every month since then which isn't unusual for me but i've also had pregnancy symptoms like backpain, moodiness and headaches that my doctor said is just stress from school and work. i've taken 3 pregnancy tests and they've all been negative but i can't shake the feeling that i'm pregnant because i read so much about women who didn't know they were pregnant until later on labor, or women that had light monthly bleeding throughout their pregnancy. i know that i'm overreacting but i just keep analyzing my body way too much and thinking about every random pain or symptom i get. does anyone have advice for making this anxiety go away? i've stopped googling my symptoms because every search brings me to babycenter forums but i can't stop thinking about it thank you sm
chest pains earlier today. scared to go to sleep. hi all. i'm new to this subreddit and so glad i found it. ever since i got pregnant currently 13 weeks , i've been experiencing a ton of health anxiety. this is new for me, so it's especially terrifying. earlier today i had chest pains and got in the car and drove to the er. once i got to the parking lot, i calmed down and felt better. i didn't even go inside. my chest seemed to relax and i was okay enough to drive home and listen to a podcast to calm down. i've had panic attacks for as long as i can remember not specifically related to my health until now , and this just felt different than a normal panic attack. i've never had chest pain with my panic attacks. a few minutes ago i started getting the chest pain again. it's been hours since it last happened. does this sound like anxiety? would chest pains related to a heart attack come and go throughout the day? i'm currently afraid to go to sleep due to the chest pain...im worried ill die in my sleep and not wake up if i'm experiencing pain. thanks for any responses in advance.
school anxiety longer read 14m last year my anxiety was minimal because of covid and not being in high school grade 8 i didn t go as much, but this year having to go and pass was a lot worse and took a toll on me and my mental health causing a lot of anxiety and depression. the first semester was so bad and i remember that s when everything stopped feeling real and i got bad derealization. i remember in class when it got bad being convinced everyone was working for the government to track me down and control me. later next semester it mellowed down still nothing feels real idk what real feels like or is anymore. the only major difference is my mind is foggy and i am not depressed anymore for some reason. i also get mind delusions i snap out of fast. but i recently started seeing shadow people and cars speeding towards me. i also started hearing very minimal voices almost in the halls calling my name, saying just hey or even no if i was thinking something ig i didn t agree with. i can t get help my mom wouldn t approve does anyone have suggestions even on what can help all this.
chest pains earlier today. scared to go to sleep. hi all. i'm new to this subreddit and so glad i found it. ever since i got pregnant currently 13 weeks , i've been experiencing a ton of health anxiety. this is new for me, so it's especially terrifying. earlier today i had chest pains and got in the car and drove to the er. once i got to the parking lot, i calmed down and felt better. i didn't even go inside. my chest seemed to relax and i was okay enough to drive home and listen to a podcast to calm down. i've had panic attacks for as long as i can remember not specifically related to my health until now , and this just felt different than a normal panic attack. i've never had chest pain with my panic attacks. a few minutes ago i started getting the chest pain again. it's been hours since it last happened. does this sound like anxiety? would chest pains related to a heart attack come and go throughout the day? i'm currently afraid to go to sleep due to the chest pain...im worried ill die in my sleep and not wake up if i'm experiencing pain. thanks for any responses in advance.
my hypochondria has returned severely after a night of heavy drinking i basically remember having episodes of debilitating hypochondria since i was 16 all the way up to recently. now i'm 23 and i have had a relatively health anxiety free year. four nights ago i went out drinking with my friends and we all had a terrible experience, blacked out, awful hangovers with a whole lot of symptoms and it's brought back my hypochondria full force. now i'm worrying about stupid things again like whether or not i inhaled too much of the spray cleaner i used because it'll give me lung cancer, or how i'm so anxious it'll give me heart problems, maybe a clot or a stroke, also is the food i eat tainted with some carcinogen, am i being poisoned by my environment, etc etc it's never ending. i am for the most part physically ok, some slight headache and nausea but so much better since that first day post drinking. yet my mental state is now a mess. i don't know what i'm expecting of this, just needed to let it out. i don't want to go through this again. it's taken away so much from me already.
i convinced myself that i have esophageal cancer. so i am 22 years old without any known digestive issues like gerd or anything. however for a couple of weeks now my stomach hurts like hell everytime i swallow something, like a cramp when the food is passing into it. the last few month have probably been the most stressfull of my life so i had a lot of acid reflux issues which in turn can lead to only one logical conclusion that it hurts because my esophageal cancer is blocking most of the pipes and that i am going to die s . the symptoms have gotten better over the last week now while i had vacation and only swallowing large portions causes the pain or when there is a lot of sauce on it. but that is a state i reached a few weeks back and it eventually retuned. anyone have some input here, because i know how much of a hassle it would be to get my doc to order a gastroscopy. so far he only gave me these acid absorbing pills or something like that but i am not sure that they helped all that much. edit sorry for spelling errors in advance english is sadly not my first language
sometimes i wonder if i will ever have a hold on my anxiety. i obsess a lot over having a passion. it's really dumb, i know. but i think it's just my brain trying to find a sense of direction after a really bad depressive episode. it makes me go in constant circles, trying to figure out what activity is going to magically put me on the fast track to happiness. even though i know things are not this simple, my brain still thinks of things in this way. it's really stressful to worry about what activities to do and what will make you happy in the long run instead of just living life. that's all any of us can do, no matter how much we overthink. i am upping my lexapro dosage, so hopefully that helps. i know it takes a month or so for ssris to kick in, and i have only been on my new dosage for a week and a half, but i don't feel much better. i have a therapist too, and she hasn't been much help, even though she tries. i have just been struggling with this weird obsession for so long and i have been through so many cycles i just don't think i will ever break out of this mindset.
tell me it gets better . . . my almost 10 year old is six weeks into prozac started at 10 mg and went to 20 mg about 3 weeks ago . we're seeing violent outbursts almost nightly this week the whole reason we started this was because of these, but they weren't nightly at the time . he'll be fine during the day and then everything goes south when bedtime hits. all the anxieties of the day start invading his thoughts and suddenly he's hitting, pulling hair, kicking, saying he wants to kill us, he wants to die. full blown anger. i have to hide every single thing in the house that could be used as a weapon. is this part of the process? my husband and i are trying to be calm and patient and use tools to help calm him down using your senses, breathing with a stuffed animal on your belly, name it to tame it but i just can't live like this. all day i dread bedtime and what it's going to bring. the thought of going through all this yet again tomorrow makes me sick. i need to know this will get better and we'll find the best way to help and get to the other side of this. it's so hard.
shaking ha label when you know something else is wrong hi fellow ha friends! i m new to this sub and reddit in general. 33f history of ha and panic disorder, but it has been fairly well controlled for the last decade. since last fall, i ve had chest abdominal pain. doctor thought it was gerd, but i haven t responded to multiple ppi s. i recently had a full cardiology workup and it was clear. normal ly cardiology tests would really excite me, but this time i honestly didn t think it was my heart. the pain is worsening and i m so discouraged. it s a constant burning and i can t find any relief with a bland diet or medicine. endoscopy and abdominal ultrasound were normal . i m beginning to think they ll never find out what s wrong. it s almost to the point i want pain medicine, and that s not me. i do realize the impact anxiety can have, especially on the digestive system, but i m in constant pain. it feels like there s more to this. i m fearful of tests continuing to come back normal , they ll blame my anxiety and depression and i ll continue to suffer. thanks for listening.
is this disassociation? for the past couple months now i ve been having this weird feeling in my body like my mind and and my body are on a different course like my movements are almost robotic and my mind is losing control of my body. ik people typically associate this with dissociation but i still feel in control and recognize and i m mindful of the fact that i am the one controlling my movements but idk it s hard to explain it just feels like a lack of connection between the two and at certain times it s so bad i feel im just going to lose control of my body completely. i ve also been experiencing some feelings of being off balance, muscle tension, headaches, rls, and brain fog and i m starting to wonder if my fears really are anxiety or something worse. i saw a doctor and she told me it is probably stress related but i m just having a hard time with all of this i m seeing neurologist later this month but i just feel so restless and like i m living in agony and losing my mind i wanted to see if anyone has gone through something similar and can offer any advice, thanks.
scared about stomach cancer i ve had some pretty bad abdominal pain cramping the last few days that also moves up my chest and feels like heartburn when i lie down. it was so bad today i went to the er because i was getting pretty nervous. i told my symptoms to the doctor which include pain in my mid high abdomen, more pain when lying down, more heartburn at night etc. he told me i had classic symptoms of acid reflux and put me on some zantac. i just started it today and he gave me a months worth to take until it helps with the acid reflux. he also told me that when he checked with his stethoscope that all my bowel sounds were normal and it my digestive track was working fine. i asked him if i needed a ct or if they found anything strange and he said no. but i ve dug myself deep into a hole and i m convinced from all the shit i ve read online that the abdominal pain is from stomach cancer even though i don t show other signs. can anyone give me some tips on how to deal with this ha? it s getting really bad now, and i m sure the stress is probably adding to my pain cramps.
can t get over this fear... health anxiety is the worst. i don t know how to get over it. every time i m over one health fear, a new one shows up. currently i m terrified i have a pulmonary embolism that my drs are missing. i ve been short of breath for a month now. i went to the er and they did a ct with contrast and an x ray and said there was no pe, especially since my blood ox was 100 and my bp was perfect. i accepted this for a little bit but now i fear they just missed it. my gp said it s my asthma and allergies but since my inhalers aren t working i m back to thinking a pe. i got dizzy recently so i called 911. they said blood ox was good and ekg was good and agreed it was my asthma anxiety. the emt said they can miss pe s on ct s though so i ve been spiraling since last thursday. i m so scared this thing is missed and i m just going to drop dead. i can t talk to my husband about it because the subject just enrages him at this point. i m sitting here debating on going to the er again for another ct but i also know that s crazy. anyone else struggle with this fear?
shaking ha label when you know something else is wrong hi fellow ha friends! i m new to this sub and reddit in general. 33f history of ha and panic disorder, but it has been fairly well controlled for the last decade. since last fall, i ve had chest abdominal pain. doctor thought it was gerd, but i haven t responded to multiple ppi s. i recently had a full cardiology workup and it was clear. normally cardiology tests would really excite me, but this time i honestly didn t think it was my heart. the pain is worsening and i m so discouraged. it s a constant burning and i can t find any relief with a bland diet or medicine. endoscopy and abdominal ultrasound were normal. i m beginning to think they ll never find out what s wrong. it s almost to the point i want pain medicine, and that s not me. i do realize the impact anxiety can have, especially on the digestive system, but i m in constant pain. it feels like there s more to this. i m fearful of tests continuing to come back normal, they ll blame my anxiety and depression and i ll continue to suffer. thanks for listening.
i feel a colon cancer meltdown coming on i probably wouldn t be worrying so much about colon cancer if i hadn t spent nearly 24 years of my life being fed ultra processed foods and then going on to cook ultra processed foods for myself. i wish i was more self informed about how bad this food was for me. i m just now starting to figure out what s good for my colon even though i thought i was doing things right eating frozen vegan patties which may be even worse now that i think about it. i was worried about processed meat only and not processed meals in general . i ve had hemorrhoid symptoms lasting over 2 months now itching and bright red spots . bowel habits constantly change. lot of gas, bloating, and nausea. feeling hungry more than usual. i had diarrhea for the first time in a month and a half last weekend, no bowel movements at all for almost 4 days. tl dr i m nearly 24 years old and have eaten processed food most of my life, worried about colon cancer because of that but also really hoping i just have some chronic hemorrhoids, and improving my diet moving forward
overwhelming fear of blindness amp deafness. how can i overcome? i've had an overwhelming fear of blindness and deafness for years. i developed tinnitus when i was in high school, due to exposure to loud music. my tinnitus isn't awful, i'm able to be productive around it. but ever since then, i've been fearful of one day losing all my hearing. also, i've been fearful about blindness, due to a family history of sight issues, dry eye syndrome , occasional eye floaters , and the fact i often work late nights on my laptop. i saw a doctor about the eye floaters, but was told that those are normal , and most people get them. i'm conflicted because i have a smartphone compulsion, which feeds my fear of visual impairment. i just want to know how i can overcome these fears because they often give me anxiety , and i almost cried once out of fear my vision was getting cloudy. i'm sure it's not the end all be all, but i fear i won't be able to achieve my dreams filmmaking if my sight and hearing are affected. would really appreciate any words of encouragement and help. thank you.
does anyone else who works heavily with spreadsheets sometimes misread things and feel like they're going crazy? i know this isn't strictly anxiety related but it loops back, trust me. my job deals heavily with job tracking on spreadsheets and recently i've had several instances where i spot something, go to point it out to someone, and it's gone.. or its just different than i thought. and then i look like a moron. and that triggers my anxiety because now i feel like everyone thinks i'm an idiot. i don't know what's going on. its been happening to me for weeks. i'll be asked why did you date this for last week? and i look and i'm like i don't fucking know, but there's my name, and there's the date, and it's obviously wrong! or someone asked was this requested in 2022? and i swear i looked it up and found it! so i asked someone about it, and then it was gone. like it never existed. poof! vanished. did i somehow develop dyslexia at 38? am i losing it? what's going on?? i feel like i look like such an idiot to my colleagues all of a sudden and i worry about my future.
am i being too hard on myself? i'm putting myself through a university undergraduate degree as a mature student 25 and i just had my grades improve over the last two semesters. but this semester... my father in law had emergency surgery in january. i got approved for breast reduction surgery in february and had it done march 21st this past tuesday and now i have to drop 1 course out of 3 because i'm failing it and can't keep up it's an elective that's not in my field of study . i think the stress of that course will jeprodize my recovery, but my stress isn't gone. due to my fs in that course, i'm second guessing myself. i have an interview this coming tuesday to be a research assistant and have to submit a writing sample and i feel inadequate. even though i get really high marks on my papers in my field. i feel like i'm not allowed to be proud of myself. to be optimistic or excited. i feel like i have to be hard on myself instead of encouraging. i sound delusional asking if i'm being too hard on myself because i know the answer... but i can't let myself believe it.
toxic shock syndrome fear okay this is kind of uh detailed, beware. im afraid of getting tss because i read this horrifying ass thing about people getting it even without leaving in tampons too long or anything. and all this stuff about how horrible tampons are for you. and people were commenting under it about how someone they know even got it from pads and every other period product and it basically just strikes randomly. and people having to get their legs amputated of they didnt die already. and like if you have any open wounds or anything you can get it from that too. and basically just making it seem like youre gonna get it just by existing and having periods. like what if i have some kind of injury from shaving or something i dont even know about?? am i gonna get this illness just from having a period? im an athlete and all too, its really hard to use just pads apparently you can get it still anyways . i dont want to not shave or anything anytime around my period. i got it today and i dont know what to do i feel like im randomly just gonna get this disease.
i need advice regarding taking lorazepam so basically i ve suffered anxiety for a few years now but more recently in the past couple months i feel it s taken over my life with intense physical symptoms and constant brain fog as well, it s gotten to the point where it s hard to live. my doctor prescribed me lorazepam as a way to help get through this stage about 5 days ago and i ll be the first to say it s done wonders for me and when i take it i feel way better and it makes life bearable. my only issue is ik how addictive benzos are so i don t wanna take it everyday but on days i don t take it i feel the usual physical symptoms panic attacks and feeling like shit all day. i want to possibly meet with a psychiatrist to find a more long term and safer solution but it s hard because my doctors booked out for weeks. does anyone know a way to speed up this process and also recommendations for what i should being in my current situation? i rlly don t wanna get addicted to benzos and idk how long that takes but i don t wanna risk it i m on a small dosage of 0.5 mg a day
can't stop coughing! hey everyone, i'm new to this subreddit but was wondering if anyone else has gone through this and had any advice. for about a year now maybe longer? i've had a dry cough. like, i cough like crazy every day. when i go to the doctor, they say everything sounds fine, no liquid or anything. i even had them test me for asthma, and my breathing tests came back normal . at this point i'm pretty sure my coughing is just a nervous tick that stems from my health anxiety... which is pretty severe. i do get acid reflux and i have bad seasonal allergies, but neither of those things caused my cough before a year or so ago. i guess i'm kind of obsessed with making sure my lungs are clear, especially if water or something accidentally goes down the wrong pipe. when that happens, i cough nonstop, to the point where it hurts. aside from being annoying and embarrassing, i find that i've been getting a lot more chest pain from time to time, and my throat hurts. so, does anyone else do this? do you have an advice on stopping? i just really want to stop. thanks!
my anxiety makes me feeling like im dying everyday and its ruining my life. i dont want to die but dont know what to do. i barely get enough sleep, i feel on edge constantly like im gonna have another episode. my breathing has been an issue for days now and i keep having ticks and making humming noises occasionally and when i breathe out. i cant focus properly on anything or distract myself. the physical feeling are so intense i genuinely feel like im dying and cant stop it. i cant stop doing heavy breathing occasionally and my throat feels so strange, like ive had globus sensation before but this feeling is like tenfold, i get a sickly tingling sensation in my stomach and chest and not to mention that its so hard to physically talk, eat and drink when i really want to. any tiny little thing can trigger me an then i spend hours days having an attack that leaves me tired and unable to sleep. i take 20mg citalopram every morning an it doesnt seem to be working. any advice woould be amazing since im up to try anything at this point. i just want the pain to go away.
slipping away i feel like i m slipping away. i navigate bad traffic on the way into work where i m in a hybrid tech support business analyst role so primarily i m listening to and troubleshooting everyone s troubles through the day. the calls sometimes start at 7 00am and don t end until after 6 00 other days. and heavy traffic back home. every week this year it seems something around the house is breaking and either needing me to repair it or pay someone to come out. after sorting out the to do list time is passed with my dogs, who i love very much but are extremely pushy and needy some days. that goes on until my father in law gets home and demands that the dogs get put away, and everything turned off and focus turned to him so he can tell all about whatever s on his mind he lives with us. and if i don t drop everything i have to hear from his family and somehow my family about how i need to stop hurting his feelings. then bed and wake up to start over again. i get about an hour a week to just myself. and hour a week to be me. i feel like i m losing who i am.
does anyone have ha about others, but not themselves hey guys, i'm 21 years old and have had crippling anxiety and stress about my girlfriend for about the last year or so. i constantly obsess over the idea of us getting married one day and her dying before me, leaving me alone. this leads me to incessantly google risk factors for all sorts of different diseases all the time. i talk to her about it but i feel like she's beginning to be irritated with the constant questions. i've had sleepless nights over the possibility of copd lung cancer her mother was a heavy smoker throughout her childhood. dementia she has anxiety and 3 childhood concussions from roughhousing . diabetes she is overweight . rheumatoid arthritis complained of knee pain, made her go in, wasn't ra . heart conditions her father has high blood pressure i am consumed by this. i have effectively no fear about myself, i could care less what happens to me. i really just do not know how to beat this. i'm not even sure if i'm being irrational. is anyone else in these shoes? are my concerns justified?
blood pressure heartrate first time posting here. for context, i suffer with anxiety obviously , and also have bipolar and ocd parents. i find myself constantly obsessing over high blood pressure and high bpm. i'm a heavy set guy. i'm trying to be healthier, but i have a long way to go on that. sometimes, hours of my day are spent stressing over whether my heart rate is too high, and when i do so, i find it usually makes it go higher. i hate going to the doctor because of it because i know my bp will be high, and i don't want to know how high. today, i had to go to the doctor and ofc it was high, but i was also having a panic attack while they were checking it because of the nerves i have around the whole thing and already had to walk 3 miles just to get there. i wasn't even there over my blood pressure. anyway, after the visit i was sobbing and hyperventilating the whole way home. i just don't know what to do. obviously, i have to get it under control, but in the meantime i need to find some way not to obsess over it because it keeps triggering panic attacks.
how many of you have been triggered by lymph nodes? so i have lived most of my life with anxiety, always taking new faces. on december my uncle died of als, and shit was rough, part because he was an amazing uncle and part because that illness is awful. ever since then i have been suffering health anxiety and just now i am realizing that's what i am feeling. in this time i have been convinced that i have als, because fuck yeah i do have all the symptoms. i have a tumor on my head, my long time sinuses problems are caused by it, also as any other new gen kid my sight has develop some wear and my right eye has astigmatism and myopia, which is normal . last but not least, i have been touching my lymph nodes for fucking 2 months, and they don't go away , which my ent already said was a normal stuff for me. just now i realized maybe lymph nodes are never that small that if you push hard on your skin they won't be felt, it's said a lymph node with a 1 cm diameter is normal . so i have been probably just pushing real hard on my neck that i always find them swollen .
can health anxiety cause cold like symptoms? hey guys! let me start off by saying that i suffer from pretty strong health anxiety but have recently started therapy to deal with it. three weeks ago, the very week i started therapy, i caught a cold. it was a very difficult week as i pretty much thought i was dying. anyway, it has been two weeks since it has passed and since then, i ve had pain in my throat on and off, moving in different places in my throat sometimes the left side, sometimes the right side, sometimes the soft palate, sometimes nothing at all . yesterday, after being very stressed out about some work things, the pain came back in the right side of my throat pretty strong. this morning i woke up and now the left side is hurting and i have a ton of mucus insiste my nose too. could my brain really be making all of this up? does anyone suffer from throat pain from health anxiety? sorry for the reassurance post guys, i m just really tired of thinking about all this and i never google anything because i feel like i ll start feeling everything i read.
bad tattoo experience making me lose my mind i got a large elbow tattoo wednesday and it's ruined my mental since, to make a very long story short basically the tattoo artist wasn't as clean as i'd like him to be, he didn't even wash his hands before putting on his gloves and tattooing me, the needle and grip were new but the tattoo wire was not covered in plastic or the workspace. he says that he uses a very strong cleaner between every client but my mind doesnt want to accept it. amp x200b to make it all worse he didn't do the tattoo i even wanted, and did a fucking terrible job so now i have a huge bad tattoo with a terrible story with it and just waiting til i can lazer it off. amp x200b i can't stop thinking i could've got hiv or hepatitis c because of this, do you guys think i am being crazy? i went to my doctor and asked the opinion of many people in the tattoo and health field and they all say i'm fine but i can't stop thinking that i could've ruined my entire life and it wasn't even my fault. any ideas on how i can make myself feel better? thank you
how many of you have been triggered by lymph nodes? so i have lived most of my life with anxiety, always taking new faces. on december my uncle died of als, and shit was rough, part because he was an amazing uncle and part because that illness is awful. ever since then i have been suffering health anxiety and just now i am realizing that's what i am feeling. in this time i have been convinced that i have als, because fuck yeah i do have all the symptoms. i have a tumor on my head, my long time sinuses problems are caused by it, also as any other new gen kid my sight has develop some wear and my right eye has astigmatism and myopia, which is normal. last but not least, i have been touching my lymph nodes for fucking 2 months, and they don't go away , which my ent already said was a normal stuff for me. just now i realized maybe lymph nodes are never that small that if you push hard on your skin they won't be felt, it's said a lymph node with a 1 cm diameter is normal. so i have been probably just pushing real hard on my neck that i always find them swollen .
have been getting sick fairly often this year i've been getting sick a lot. back in october, i believe i had a flu. 102 fever for 5 days straight, respiratory symptoms, etc. but i never got swabbed. then, in december i had a cold. i caught another cold again in january, and then influenza a in february. now just a week ago i caught another respiratory virus. it wasn't another flu because i got tested and the swab was negative, but it also seemed much worse than a cold i had fevers up to 102 . a week fever free but i'm still very congested. in between all of this i've had random sore throats as well. i'm worried something more is happening, whether it's some sort of auto immune problem or something else possibly worse. i'm getting a metabolic panel tomorrow, so hopefully that'll answer some of my concerns. i'm hoping it's just a vitamin deficiency, but of course my mind goes straight to something serious like cancer or something like that. this is also fairly recent of a problem. i've always had a lower immune system but i've never been this constantly sick.
how can i manage my stress in these situations? over the past few weeks the relationship with one of my roommates has soured and we are debating taking him to court for coercion and withholding of owned money. while i m not going to be the one taking him to court, the tension in the home has caused me an incredible amount of stress and anxiety. i ve been having chest pain, heart palpitations, and often feel like i m breathing through a straw. i can t move out for about a month yet and i m trying to manage this stress the best i can, but it keeps piling up and getting worse. i don t feel comfortable in my home or room unless the door is locked, but hearing them walk around really spiked my anxiety. my sleep is getting worse and i ve been waking up with anxiety attacks. i don t have anywhere else i can go to escape this, and i just want to feel even slightly better. i don t feel comfortable even making myself food because they re always in the shared living spaces. does anyone have any advice for how i can manage my stress anxiety during this difficult time?
health anxiety is affecting my relationships i ve been a worrier for all my life about everything. health anxiety is just a part of it. now i ve come to the point where it s starting to negatively affect my relationships especially with my partner. the worst of it being that i got drunk, lost memory for a bit, became convinced that i was taken advantage of and contracted an std and created a weird situation in my relationship. there was no indication that this had happened, other than a minor cold that i was sure was a symptom of a disease. understandably he is upset and i felt guilty. it was awful and we re still in the middle of it. this has to serve as a wake up call that my life is so negatively affected by all this. i ve been festering at home all evening not being able to do anything but worry. my head is in pieces. all i ve managed is to use reddit as an occasional distraction. i need help, i feel like i m lost in this. the point of my post was to hear success stories of others overcoming these fears and honestly to just find some hope and support.
antibiotic cocktail and side effects disgusting me has a bacterial infection in the stomach and i'll have to take 15 pills every day of antibiotics to get rid of it. normal ly i won't take a look at the side effects because i know i will go insane about them, but after my mother saw the prescription she said i should consider another form of antibiotic treatment that only has 70 success rate compared to 95 but less side effects. so i looked up the side effects and its worse than anything i've ever taken. it's nausea and diarrhea and vomiting in over 10 of cases and a condition with black burnt skin and multiple organ failure with unknown probability. as i'm already vegetarian and you're not allowed to eat dairy products i have to go vegan for a week and i'm not allowed to go outside in the sun cause the medication will cause my skin to burn in the sun. i can't find the side effects for the other therapy but i also i want to be done with the whole thing if i survive the ten days. i'll probably take the pills but i will properly go crazy and miserable too.
anxiety amp heart problems.. how do i tell if it s my anxiety stress causing my heart palpitations or if i have an actual heart problem? brief background changed my ssri back in november bad idea didn t suit me at all, sent me into a depression rut amp only just started back on my old meds again. starting to climb out of this rut now however i still get bad palpitations on off when i m feeling anxious stressed but sometimes i can just be lying in bed or walking around amp get them when i don t feel any anxiety present. once i get them it triggers my anxiety because i fear something is awfully wrong amp that i ll have a heart attack etc. i definitely have cardiophobia amp i m always fixated on my heart convinced something is wrong i had my bloods done last week amp they were fine amp tomorrow i get an ecg but i m scared if i have afib or arrhythmia issues they won t pick it up because i ve heard they are difficult to detect. from an outsider looking in do you think i have a real heart problem or do you think my palpitations are all anxiety stress related?
seeking post cancer anxiety advice i had cancer at 21 and been clear since but it created some serious anxiety. i get real aches and pains from the scars but also the fake aches and pains from anxiety, the trouble is differentiating between them. i usually get weird looks when i see a doctor about these aches and pains, so i feel embarrassed to see my general doctor. i have trouble keeping up with my cancer tests and follow ups because i ve always been needle phobic and get panic attacks when it comes to anything related to medical emergencies. i know better then to search webmd, but if i hadn t searched webmd when i was 21 i wouldn t have suspected a tumor and seen a doctor, so i have a fear that cancer is back or that there s a real unrelated issue. i m trying to see a psychiatrist, but does anyone have advice on how to deal with the health anxiety so it doesn t get to the point where i feel the need to go to an er? is there any benefit to seeing a cardiologist or checking on these anxiety aches and pains? is there such a thing as health related ptsd?
antibiotic cocktail and side effects disgusting me has a bacterial infection in the stomach and i'll have to take 15 pills every day of antibiotics to get rid of it. normally i won't take a look at the side effects because i know i will go insane about them, but after my mother saw the prescription she said i should consider another form of antibiotic treatment that only has 70 success rate compared to 95 but less side effects. so i looked up the side effects and its worse than anything i've ever taken. it's nausea and diarrhea and vomiting in over 10 of cases and a condition with black burnt skin and multiple organ failure with unknown probability. as i'm already vegetarian and you're not allowed to eat dairy products i have to go vegan for a week and i'm not allowed to go outside in the sun cause the medication will cause my skin to burn in the sun. i can't find the side effects for the other therapy but i also i want to be done with the whole thing if i survive the ten days. i'll probably take the pills but i will properly go crazy and miserable too.
selling post cancer anxiety advice i had cancer at 21 and been clear since but it created some serious anxiety. i get real aches and pains from the scars but also the fake aches and pains from anxiety, the trouble is differentiating between them. i usually get weird looks when i see a doctor about these aches and pains, so i feel embarrassed to see my general doctor. i have trouble keeping up with my cancer tests and follow ups because i ve always been needle phobic and get panic attacks when it comes to anything related to medical emergencies. i know better then to search webmd, but if i hadn t searched webmd when i was 21 i wouldn t have suspected a tumor and seen a doctor, so i have a fear that cancer is back or that there s a real unrelated issue. i m trying to see a psychiatrist, but does anyone have advice on how to deal with the health anxiety so it doesn t get to the point where i feel the need to go to an er? is there any benefit to seeing a cardiologist or checking on these anxiety aches and pains? is there such a thing as health related ptsd?
any strange things you do when feeling anxious started thinking about this today when out for a walk as i noticed myself constantly touching my bellybutton and stomach when i was starting to feel that tight, anxious feeling. i seem to do this without thinking and i am sure to people walking past, it looks a bit strange! i remember also in the past when i would get anxiety attacks or feelings of even slight panic, i would start touching my neck maybe almost unconsciously due to my breathing . not sure if it helps, but when i am not able to do it easily say when driving or holding something i feel a bit worse if that makes sense. these habits have developed very randomly for me over time and seem to come out as soon as i start having symptoms of anxiety and anxious thoughts. just thought i'd ask if any of you have any strange practices you do, maybe even as a coping mechanism or way of bracing yourself when your anxiety is heightened. anxiety is a strange kettle of fish but hope everyone is coping in their own way and getting through it one day at a time.
self esteem is going dowwwn i ran out of meds on sunday, and havent been taking them since. the withdrawal symptoms im facing is so debilitating. i'm getting brain zaps, nausea, dizziness, and of course anxiety. i havent been to school since tuesday. my immune system is also crap, so i fall sick easily, and for the past few weeks i havent been showing up to school on thursdays for some reason because my body just chooses to fall sick on thursday???? so i've been missing literature lessons that only take place on thursday. my relationship with my literature teacher is good, but i dont want her to start thinking that im doing this on purpose. im also missing chemistry lessons and im not the best at chemistry, so i feel like im just gonna get worse at it. i'm taking my o levels this year which is a national exam and i hate how this is happening. i need to focus on my studies but im finding it so hard to do that. i've reached out to my form teacher for help and she's been very kind and understanding, but i still feel so incapable. i just want to be normal.
i have very annoying intrusive obsessive thoughts i didn t know where to turn so here i am. for starters i m not diagnosed with any anxiety disorder or other mental health illness. it s not always as bad as it has been for the past few days but it s already annoying me so much. it s like i can t relax my mind and the biggest issue for me is watching my current tv show. i know it sounds dumb but it s what i love doing the most and what makes it easier to get through the day. it s like these annoying thoughts keep getting in the way and i can t enjoy watching my stuff. for instance i m up next to solve an exercise in math class on tuesday in front of the class and it s not for a grade or anything but my brain keeps telling me that i won t be able to relax until i complete that and i wish my turn was on friday so i could enjoy the weekend. i don t know how to clear my mind so i can get into what s happening in my tv show and truly enjoy it like i normal ly do. i would appreciate any suggestions if you understand can relate to what i m going through atm.
been so anxious lately and now my friend is mad at me i m currently in my second semester of college and lately my anxiety has been sky high. i m currently on 2 medications buspirone propranolol. my friend is aware of my anxiety and noticed that this week it has been particularly high. anyways today i went a bit mute, i can t find the energy to talk and it s hard to communicate how i m feeling. so today in lab, my friend was getting frustrated because she was hungry from not eating all day. and when lab was over, i kind of rushed out because i felt a panic attack going on. i went to the bathroom to put cold water on my face. she got angry at me, texting me saying where the fuck are you? and when she found me she sat there with a look on her face. i told her she can go to the dining hall but instead she went back to the lab classroom and started to talk shit about me to our lab partner. so now i m currently sitting here too afraid to even talk to anyone, i just wish i could get rid of this. i hate feeling this way and making everyone around me upset.
a stranger touched my face last night. very upset and scared. went to a gay bar yesterday with friends at about 4am last night, around closing time. my friends kind of separated from me, trying to pursue a bartender. i sat at the bar looking at my phone, when another person who was there started talking to me. i didn t mind at first but then i noticed he was drunk. i, being horrible at small talk, decided to compliment his teeth. i should not have done this because he then complimented mine, and grabbed my face in an effort to open my mouth to see my teeth. luckily he didn t get his fingers on or in my mouth, but his hands were all over my lower jaw. i struggled to remove his hands off of me, and then that asshole pushed me away. this person was a male probably in his mid 50s. on top of feeling like my personal space was totally violated, i have been worried sick about any germs or viruses that could have been on his hands. i have not been at peace since it happened last night. i tried to talk to my friends about it but they were too drunk to care.
i finally saw the cardiologist today i had multiple ecgs, bloodwork done, i wore a two week loop and i had an echocardiogram over a month ago, and today i did a stress test. i've been having horrible anxiety about my heart for over a month and a half. my heart is completely healthy. no blockages and no damage to it whatsoever. this is one of my happier days!!! they told me the chest pain which i can reproduce by touching it is likely caused by either anxiety or costochondritis and the heavy tightness is likely anemia which i can deal with much better than heart disease . the left arm pain is probably from inflammation because i lay on it so awkwardly and for too long at night. i'm ok ' anxiety is a bitch, guys. it can make you truly believe and feel the most frustrating and uncomfortable symptoms. i'm not saying to dismiss everything as anxiety it will always be better to see a doctor but what i am saying is none of you are alone. thanks to everyone here who supported me through this. i can move on and focus on fixing my inflammation and anemia!!
i just need to rant i really try to figure out whether or not reddit is something healthy to have. i enjoying being in this group and others to find support and to help people but man this place can be so toxic and triggering. i have health issues and one of those is severe sinus problems do i joined a group to get advice. later on i get a commenter basically undermining my symptoms like every doctor is telling me my symptoms aren t sinus related which they are and ended it by basically saying it s my anxiety and all in my head. i check his other comments to people and they were equally as rude and trying to humiliate people. i reported them to the mods and i was met with one of those most immature people to walk the planet. they told me that my complaint was ridiculous amongst other things, banned me from the group, muted me from messaging them and then now reported me to reddit for harassment. how are people so cruel and have so much hatred and immaturity? now i m scared i m going to lose my account because they want to try and get me banned.
how did buspirone buspar make you feel? did you take it consistently or only as needed? hi anxious friends! i recently switched my meds from effexor to prozac and added buspirone 10mg for anxiety. my doctor told me to take it as needed, but after all the research ive done, this doesn't make sense to me. how would it even be effective if i only took it as needed, if it's not a fast immediate acting drug? it builds up in your system over time, right? so i'd need to take it consistently for a long period of time to feel any effects? ill ask my doctor too of course, but im very interested in other people's experiences with buspirone specifically, and whether you took it as needed or daily. ive been taking 10mg 3x a day for about a month with some missed doses in between and i do feel less anxious, but the way my doctor described it made it sound like it was a fast acting anti anxiety drug that calms you down after you take a dose, rather than one that builds in your system over time. if it matters, i also take concerta and bupropion. thanks friends
convinced myself i have celiac disease? i've been lactose intolerant since i was 20, and got diagosed with gerd as a child. however i just recently did a dumb thing and looked up symptoms of celiac disease and am rationalizing going to the doctor and getting tested. no one else in my family, even extended, has had lactose or acid problems. eating gluten with celiacs long term can cause those problems. i've always been underweight 5'11, 130 lbs . im also always tired, though i think my iron levels are fine and i cleared a thyroid test a few years ago. when i have more than 3 drinks in a night, i have severe vomiting the next day to the point i've gone to the er because it had been every hour, for 8ish hours. for someone this anxious about it, you'd think i'd track these things better. but now i'm locked into a very shitty vegetarian diet at work chock full of products with gluten for the next 5 months. would i be justified in going to the doctor just to lay all this out there and see if its related, maybe to celiac? or am i just being paranoid?
how do i get over exercise anxiety? i haven t worked out in years and try not to over exert myself too much because i have this fear that i m somehow going to have a heart attack and die by doing so. idk if this is normal , but when i do exert myself, i get lightheaded, nauseous, shaky, weak, pins and needles sensations, etc. and it just ignites my ha to the point where i try avoid it at all costs. i know exercise anxiety is a common thing among those with ha, but i can t seem to break through it. it s even gotten to the point where i will unconsciously make myself breathe lighter, even when not doing any physical activity, just so i can t hear myself breathing i guess my brain associates audible breathing with physical exertion?? . and then that leads to even more anxiety symptoms because my respiration gets all screwy from not taking full, deep breaths. i really don t want to go my whole life having these anxieties when most other people don t even give it a second thought. is there any way i can get over this? does anyone have any advice?
how do i get over exercise anxiety? i haven t worked out in years and try not to over exert myself too much because i have this fear that i m somehow going to have a heart attack and die by doing so. idk if this is normal, but when i do exert myself, i get lightheaded, nauseous, shaky, weak, pins and needles sensations, etc. and it just ignites my ha to the point where i try avoid it at all costs. i know exercise anxiety is a common thing among those with ha, but i can t seem to break through it. it s even gotten to the point where i will unconsciously make myself breathe lighter, even when not doing any physical activity, just so i can t hear myself breathing i guess my brain associates audible breathing with physical exertion?? . and then that leads to even more anxiety symptoms because my respiration gets all screwy from not taking full, deep breaths. i really don t want to go my whole life having these anxieties when most other people don t even give it a second thought. is there any way i can get over this? does anyone have any advice?
road test anxiety i'm 21 years old and i don't have my liscence. i've taken the road test three times in the past year, the last time i took it was on thursday of last week. i bombed. hard. i made sure i knew everything and what to do, i'm decent for a new driver, i know how to do a three point turn and my parallel parking is great, i drive as much as possible with my mom and i made sure i was extremely prepared. however when i got in the car for the test i was panicking the whole time. i failed almost everything and everything in my brain got jumbled up. i'm not diagnosed with anxiety, never seen a psychiatrist or been on meds or anything, not how my family is, but i am a deeply deeply anxious person i don't know how to get past this. my next test is in a couple weeks and i know i'm prepared and can drive and having my liscence would make my life so much easier but i'm so worried i'm never going to get it because of how anxious i get on the test. i just want to know if this is a shared experience and if anyone has any advice or anything.
i don t know what s going on i have agoraphobia haven t left my house in months i sit around all day. i also have depersonalization which caused my agoraphobia. my emotions and feelings are numb and i m finding it hard to care about anything anymore but lately i have been gaining weight. i ve put on about 10 pounds in the last couple of months. i weighed myself 8 days ago and today i weighed myself and i weigh 5 pounds more. i am really concerned. what if i have heart failure. i cant go to the doctor because of my agoraphobia yes it is that bad . i don t know what to do. i don t feel good ever and i m so scared it s not just anxiety anymore but i physically cannot go to the doctor. i cant even go outside my house without feeling panicked idk what to do. i was already really insecure about my weight but this weight gain is really scaring me. how did i put on that much weight in such a short time. i also had a very vivid dream 2 nights ago that i had brain cancer and now i m scared that was some sort of sign that something is wrong with me.
i ve been managing my health anxiety pretty well! .....until today so, i m on 150mg of zoloft daily, along with lamictal not certain about the dosage . today, i was taking my daily pills but i accidentally took an extra pill, which i guess would mean i took 250mg. my mom called the pharmacist who said i should be fine but to look out for fainting. ironically, i felt lightheaded just seconds after realizing i d taken more than the prescribed dose. so i m guessing that was anxiety because no pill affects you that fast as far as i m aware . but, technically, it still is an overdose, but a small one. whenever i drink water, it feels weird on my throat and there s a tickle in my throat though that could be a mix of allergies and anxiety . and when i got up at first i felt dizzy. i looked it up and it says that 200mg is usually the max dosage. i took 50mg more. i m afraid to sleep or anything. this happened around 5 hours ago. if i d overdosed on a fatal level, would i have exhibited severe and obvious symptoms by now? i m just so paranoid now
pulsatile tinnitus so over the last week or so i've noticed that for about 10 15 seconds each day, i've heard a pulsing sound in my ear that sounds like a fan whirring. at first i thought it was an external sound, but then i pinned it down to coming from inside my head when i was in the bathroom one time. i googled it and it came up with pulsatile tinnitus, and it said the cause could be tumours, aneurysms, high blood pressure, hearing loss etc. i hear it in my right ear, and as i said it's normally for around 10 seconds a day at random times. i've been unable to trigger it or find a way to induce it there seems to be no pattern to it. which is odd because people who mention this talk of it being constant. i exercise regularly and do cardio, and i'm cutting down on my caffeine consumption to see if that helps. i've heard this can be a symptom of anxiety or can just be heightened awareness of my own body, which makes sense but don't exactly know what that means. you'd think i'd have noticed this before. anyone experienced this before?
worried about colon cancer around christmas time i started having upper abdominal pain, it lasted a few weeks and eventually turned into loose stools every morning. the abdominal pain got better but the loose stools kept up until about the first week of february. i think it lasted about 5 weeks total. i haven t had any since then except for one last saturday morning, and a bit of constipation last week. this all started after a couple of really bad weeks of eating and sleeping. a lot of overtime work and i ate a lot of garbage food like pizza and chocolate. i now feel kinda gassy sometimes but i think the rest is closer to normal now.... also.. about 4 weeks ago i went to the washroom and saw a couple of bright spots of red on the toilet paper that went away after a few wipes. i have gone to my family doctor and i did an ultrasound and all was fine. despite that i m convinced i might have colon cancer after reading online and despite my family history of colon issues my doctor doesn t want to do a colonoscopy. i dunno what to do....
terrified of 'venous leak' hello, i'm turning 21 in april and i've struggled with health anxiety for past 3 and a half years. recently i've been getting better and even managed to get myself into a relationahip which was great. the thing is, two weeks ago i noticed that i seem to struggle with getting keeping erections. so i obviously started googling, which was not helpful as always as it said its mostly thing old guys get and so on. what it did notice was a terrifying thing called venous leak, which means your veins can't trap blood for erection, there is no fix for that and you're doomed. so i started stressing over this so badly, i wanted to know everything about it, thing is, out of all my health scares, i never seen a condition so poorly reported, there is very little information about it and no statistics and contradicting facts, which is fueling my anxiety even more. so i'm sitting here worrying that surely i must have it and seeing it seems to be very unknown i definitely have it. has anyone heard or knows more about this?
a small victory i don't post very often and never before on this sub but i wanted to share a small victory. as you can imagine i spend a lot of money on doctor visits and tests that turn out to be just fine. i have spent too darn much and so i've challenged myself to just wait things out no matter what. my first challenge arrived quickly. on tuesday i got a rash very likely from sweating rubbing because i noticed it right after the gym and it was around my neck and chest where my shirt collar rests. it was red, itchy and painful. i did not google. i started to, but i stopped. i put some hydrocortisone cream on it and ignored it. ever so briefly thought about going to urgent care autoimmune? my joints hurt... is it infected? etc. it's almost gone today. four days. granted the source of the rash was clear. and i'm still worried about the size of the lymph nodes in my neck. and random belly pains make me think of tumors.... but this one thing..... i waited out this rash and it was fine. it gives me strength to ignore the next thing.
how to go about requesting a heart check up? hi everyone, i guess i ve always been a little bit of a hypochondriac, but serious health anxiety is a new thing for me. i was required recently to take a 9 hour long first aid certification class for a new job, in which we discussed heart attacks and cardiac arrest for hours on end. following that, i ve been seeing deaths of young people around my age such a lotte van der 19 and felicite tomlinson 18 . i am 21, and now i m in constant fear of an underlying heart issue that i am unaware of. i would like to get whatever tests are necessary to easy up some of my anxiety, because i know that i have never had any tests done regarding my heart. so my question is how do i go about this? what do i request? my mom suggested i say that there is a history of heart attacks in my family, but i m not sure if that s necessary. at 21, am i going to receive a lot of push back regarding the necessity of these tests or is it pretty straight forward to get? any advice would be great, thank you so much.
i'm genuinely unhinged i currently, and have done for the past week, have pinching, cold tingling sensations all over my body. it starts off as a tingle and distils into a pinchy, itchy feeling. i have no rash, it's all over my body fingertips, neck, hairline, ankles, elbows. i'm going mad. i want out of my skin and mainly out of my head. i cannot believe that my mind would cause such symptoms if it is that and not something massively creepy and neurological. i'm obsessed with my health, keep imagining a great big tumour pulsating away in my head. the symptoms become worse the more i concentrate on them and i can create pretty much any feeling, depending on what i decide to latch on to and worry about. the last fear was unequal pupils and that's triggered a worry something neurologically wrong. i went to the eye hospital and they scanned my eyes, looking for abnormal discs, pressure etc nothing was wrong. i also had another perfect blood test. i cancelled a ct scan of my head, because i panicked about the radiation. i feel mad
i'm genuinely unhinged i currently, and have done for the past week, have pinching, cold tingling sensations all over my body. it starts off as a tingle and distils into a pinchy, itchy feeling. i have no rash, it's all over my body fingertips, neck, hairline, ankles, elbows. i'm going mad. i want out of my skin and mainly out of my head. i cannot believe that my mind would cause such symptoms if it is that and not something massively creepy and neurological. i'm obsessed with my health, keep imagining a great big tumour pulsating away in my head. the symptoms become worse the more i concentrate on them and i can create pretty much any feeling, depending on what i decide to latch on to and worry about. the last fear was unequal pupils and that's triggered a worry something neurologically wrong. i went to the eye hospital and they scanned my eyes, looking for abnormal discs, pressure etc nothing was wrong. i also had another perfect blood test. i cancelled a ct scan of my head, because i panicked about the radiation. i feel mad
anxiety about having a personality disorder recently i've become obsessed with the possibility of having borderline personality disorder. i have a decent amount of the associated symptoms, but i also have bipolar disorder which complicates things. i've been hospitalized for mania so i'm pretty confident that's not a misdiagnosis, my worry is i have bpd on top of it. i now spend hours reading the criteria for bpd, taking bpd symptom tests over and over again, reading accounts of bpd on medical mental health subreddits, to see if my experiences fit. it's even more hellish than health anxiety i've had about physical health problems because there is no definitive test, one professional could say i have it and the other could disagree for example, there is no objective qualification for whether i have it and i'm scared to even bring it up to a professional because i don't want to plant the seed in their mind and be treated worse because it's so highly stigmatized. it's gotten completely obsessive. i'm really unsure of what to do.
shortness of breath hi, i'm a 28 year old relatively healthy male who experienced my first ever panic attack on january 3rd after waking up sometime in the beginning of december having a mini attack and shortness of breath followed for weeks . i was sitting at home watching friends and my left arm started tingling and immediately my heart started pounding and i started sweating i eventually calmed down and went to the emergency room i've never done that before to get checked out the doctor checked my blood pressure, oxygen, etc and said everything looked fine. i felt really weird after that. i had an appointment with my family doctor to get blood work, an ecg, and a lung chest x ray done and yesterday i was told that everything looked fine on the scans. today i got shortness of breath again. has anybody experienced something like this before? is it normal for shortness of breath to linger for a few months when you're feeling stressed? i don't want to become a hypochondriac and i trust my doctor but it just feels off to me.
really worried about my kidneys. any advice? i'm a 20 year old male, 5'7 , 130lbs. i got blood work done and it found my ferritin to be high at 328 ug l and b12 high at 658 pmol l and high ldl cholesterol at 3.39 mmol l. my egfr is 88 with creatinine at 105 umol l and magnesium at 0.99 mmol l. my urine came back negative for protein, blood and nitrite. a week later i had ferritin tested again and it was 427ug l. i also had an abdominal ultrasound which showed regular kidneys but a 3mm ployp was found on my gallbladder. it sound be noted that all the test i've done thus far has not been for my kidneys but a pain in my abdomen which i'm seeing a gi specialist for. should i though look into my kidneys? as these findings from what i've read may seem normal for an older person but not a 20 year old. also would working out hard just over 24hr before the test affect the results? or a meat heavy diet dispite a 12hr fast? thanks also my grandma had polycystic kidney disease but from my understanding it was not the heredarity type.
lump in back? on one side of my back lower, left side i ve noticed if i take my fingers and dig them in and slide them upward i can feel this little like... hump, i guess? like it s no a solid knot and it doesn t stick out from my skin at all, i would have never found it. it freaks me out because i don t have one on the other side. i ve had two other people feel for me and they swear they don t feel anything. i have a stretch mark literally right above it, but this feels like it s under the skin. i have to really search for it to find it. i m 18 and make if that helps, i really just posted because if look up anything about a back hump it gives you things like a sarcoma or bone cancer or something i been feeling my back so constantly that it s making it sore which just freaks me out more. i would go to the doctor but i literally just went for something else not even a week ago and she already thinks i m a bit overboard on the ha stuff plus apparently nobody else can feel anything i just wondered if anybody else has this?
been sick since sunday, worried i have pneumonia well, here we go. on sunday i started feeling something in my throat, and the next morning i woke up feeling like total shit. muscle aches, sore throat, all the fun stuff. my entire family has it now. no fever though. now, i feel almost fine, but my throat fucking hurts. whenever i breath in deep or swallow i can feel it all along my throat into my chest, like right under my sternum. i'm not wheezing or anything, and i occasionally have a cough that brings up phlegm, but there's no blood in it or anything, it's kind of a greenish brown color. the cough hurts my throat as well. i'm just worried i'm dying of pneumonia or something. i've heard people say you definitely know when you have it because you get ridiculously sick, but i'm still worried i called my doctor and they only have an opening today at 3, which i can't find a ride to get to. the next opening was tuesday. could i go to urgent care? if anyone has any advice, that be awesome. i just need some piece of mind.
relapse advice hello, fellow hypochondriacs! i've had severe health anxiety for a couple of months beginning around august last year. panic attacks, pulse checking, spending way too much at the doctor's office, the whole shebang. around february, i got on top of my shit and turned a leaf. my therapy, healthy eating, and exercise finally kicked in and i was literally like a new person. the health anxiety dissipated and i was able to function. but, after a dizzy spell over easter and a whole bunch of stomach problems from eating too many things i'm intolerant to, i've had a major relapse. i'm back to not sleeping, i can feel my heartbeat constantly, i'm googling non existent symptoms and struggling to function again. i'm hoping this is just a temporary relapse, a speed hump in what has otherwise been a pretty linear recovery. what do you do in periods of anxiety to make yourself well again? what has helped you in the past? what should i do to help me get out of bed in the morning and function through a full day? help!
so worried, any ideas what could be wrong? hi everyone, so basically for the paat month i've woke up everyday with headaches, mostly tension headaches, and the feeling of pressure. i also get flashes of light in my vision, chills, and a tingly feeling going through my whole body, also pain in my arms and slight numbness in my fingers. 2 weeks ago i vomited aswell which really didn't help matters as i have a fear of vomiting. im convinced i have a brain tumor but i went to the doctor and he shone a light into my eyes and said everything looked ok but i still dont believe him. i've have headaches from anxiety on and off in the past but they never lasted this long before. the last 2 months have been really stressful for me as my mum was in hospital with liver failure and i had to look after my dad during that time who is a schizophrenic. my anxiety was improving but this has brought me back down and i feel worse than ever. does anybody know what it could be? is it a stress reaction or could i really have a brain tumor?
need help asap pls it all started 2 weeks ago when i went to exercise with my friend, i haven't exercised in about a year , i was feeling good and ready to do anything , so i asked my friend if he could race me and he was down, i wasn't expecting anything to happened, so i went full speed and after running for about 80 meters , i kind of lost control of my body so i stopped immediately i had a hard time breathing and then fainted for like 5 seconds after that i started vomiting... after that, i went straight home to rest . i did not think of any disease or symptoms , i thought that happened because i was away from sport for a long time ,a week later i started paying attention to every detail, and these are the symptoms that i have diarrhea. blood in stool. heart palpitations . i think i lost weight too. exhaustion. vomiting. after googling these symptoms it turns out to be colon cancer . i'm so scared right now . i've never been this worried before and i can't visit the doctor until next week , anything would help .
does anyone else suffer from dental anxiety? how have you cured it? i'm not talking about a fear of dentists. though i have that too what i'm talking about is the fear of having something wrong with your teath. worrying about every speck or black spot that i see. checking my gums constantly to make sure that they are ok. i spend so much time in front of a mirror and a light checking to make sure there are no new signs of any dental issues. this is on top of brushing my teeth after everytime i eat usually . it's getting so stressful for me. to the point where i dont really have the energy to do things that i want to do or hobbies. how the heck do i get this under control? does anyone else suffer from this. i think part of my fear is that a i've had bad experiences in the past with dentists dental work. b i've started taking care of my teeth now but i'm worried old problems will show up. c i don't have the finances for something to go wrong with my teeth. i save as much as i can but i don't make all that much so yeah.
swollen lymph node in neck and groin for months hello! so i ve always had lymph nodes that i can feel easily. the two underneath my jaw swelled up when i was about 12 and remain enlarged now i m 21. about a year ago i had felt a squishy node in my neck it s smaller than a grape and also one of the same size in my groin region. they are moveable. o do not recall any reasons for them swelling up. i went to the dr in september who didn t seem concerned about them, but told me to go back if they didn t disappear in a few weeks. of course they re still here,and i chose not to go back to the dr as i had no other symptoms and thought the stress of having scans etc would do more harm than good. i ve felt absolutely fine since the , the nodes haven t increased in size. but i read a story about how lymph nodes should always go down, and now i m scared i have lymphoma.this is giving me massive anxiety and symptoms i plan to ask the dr tomorrow, but i think i just want some reassurance until then as i m driving myself crazy!
need reassurance and potentially advice so in the space of 3 months i ve gone from one of the most confident people you d ever meet into a shell of myself due to health anxiety i was having quite bad headaches so the doctor after saying tension headaches, advised it may be sinusitis i have stopped and started antibiotics had two 3 days then stopped 3 times over the last few months due to then worrying about various things however i have sinus pains and reoccurring sinus ear symptoms that keep coming back i m feeling tired all the time and just am feeling worse and worse my worry has always been what if its not a bacterial infection vs if it is i guess i just want to see if its worth letting my body try to fight this off despite how ill i m feeling or if i should do a full dose of the doxycycline i have been given i just worry about the damage i may already have done to my body and if my body even needs the antibiotics its so hard when you keep feeling more ill everyday but you don t know the right path to go down
waking up with a dead limb and worrying i had a ministroke i woke up to pee in the middle of the night and when i stood up my lower body was involuntarily leaning to the left. it seemed like my left leg or knee had just given out, but i was still able to stand. after a couple minutes it went away and i was walking normal ly. i ended up going to the er after speaking with a nurse. all blood tests came back normal and so did the physical tests. the doctor checked my eyes, walking, reflexes, etc. it's the next day and i can't help but feel like they missed something and that i could have possibly had a tia ministroke , which can be a warning sign for a stroke. i even told them i was feeling lightheaded the day before but i don't know what is just anxiety now. still feeling out of it and being hyperaware of my body right now. has anybody had a similar issue either with this temporary paralysis situation or not feeling assured even after the doctor? tl dr not trusting docs and worrying that a limp leg was ministroke
if i had headaches that came on, but have now dissapeared, should i not be worried? hi everyone, i had headaches last weekend that lasted for a few days. they were pretty bad, around the forehead area and came on in the mornings and evenings on friday, saturday and sunday. they pretty much went away from like monday to thursday, except for a dull feeling, but now that is gone as well. so should i be worried of something such as a brain tumor? i was diagnosed with an ear infection but i am taking antibiotics. i haven't really had any other issues. i have been stressed about my short term memory, but i am able to recall stuff well but i sometimes forgot about tasks i need to do. i do have adhd so i believe this is the cause, but i tend to remember the tasks. i also have some moments where i am zoning out because i am thinking so much, but this only happens when i am in front of a computer and i am usually able to recognize that i am not paying attention and snap out of it, so i dont believe i am having seizures.
waking up with a dead limb and worrying i had a ministroke i woke up to pee in the middle of the night and when i stood up my lower body was involuntarily leaning to the left. it seemed like my left leg or knee had just given out, but i was still able to stand. after a couple minutes it went away and i was walking normally. i ended up going to the er after speaking with a nurse. all blood tests came back normal and so did the physical tests. the doctor checked my eyes, walking, reflexes, etc. it's the next day and i can't help but feel like they missed something and that i could have possibly had a tia ministroke , which can be a warning sign for a stroke. i even told them i was feeling lightheaded the day before but i don't know what is just anxiety now. still feeling out of it and being hyperaware of my body right now. has anybody had a similar issue either with this temporary paralysis situation or not feeling assured even after the doctor? tl dr not trusting docs and worrying that a limp leg was ministroke
hearing loss at what point do i talk to my doctor about not being able to hear well. i've noticed more and more struggling to hear. last time i asked she said i just had fluid in my ear and said it would be fine. it's been 6 months since then and i've switched doctors because of her being dismissive on other things. rolling eyes, laughing at me etc. i had the flu between then and now. and after the flu it seems like it had gotten a lot worse. and being in public with hearing issues is making my anxiety skyrocket. what really scares me even more is my mom had a tumor removed from her ear area that was causing hearing loss. what do i do? can anyone comfort me? is this a reason to go to the walk in or do i need to make a regular appointment? i would of talked to the doctor the 8th but i've had such horrible times with doctors i ended up cancelling because i was having such bad anxiety attacks. i ordered pizza instead to calm myself, it didn't help i'm not on any anxiety medication. or anything but birth control.
that awkward moment when your health anxiety was 110 accurate. fml. i ve spent my whole life not feeling right. my immune system has always been shit. seizure activity as a child teenager. anyways, i m 25 now and i had my adrenal gland removed a few months ago due to a benign hormone secreting adenoma. it was found via mri in october. not even a couple weeks after surgery, i noticed extreme mental changes. which led to paranoia. and then i lost 30 lbs and stopped sleeping completely. i would get so angry over shit that wasn t even important and i had to literally shut it down by cutting myself off from people. my hormones were a mess according to labs. i just knew something else was wrong. a week ago today, i got an mri which confirmed a brain tumor of the pituitary . i have to have my concerns because i work in the medical field and i usually know what something is the second it starts creeping up. but i thought it was impossible to have another one present itself, even though my last tumor was benign. fml.
blood in post nasal drip when i wake up in the morning and only in the morning i have what looks like blood mixed in with my phlegm. this has been going on for about 3 or 4 days. i also recently got over the flu. the blood has been dark for the most part as if it's been there for several hours and once there was bright colored blood mixed with the dark blood and phlegm.the phlegm is extremely sticky to the point i can't clear it from coughing but have to physically wipe with a q tip. i instantly am worried i have cancer or some other life threatening illness. i do have cobblestoning on my throat and believe i have some form of acid reflux. i also sleep with a fan on. is this a combination of my seasonal allergies, fan and acid reflux drying my sinuses out which is causing the blood or something i should take more seriously. i've been drinking as much water as i can and have been using a humidifier at night. i'm freaking out and can't afford to keep going to the dr for them to dismiss my fears and worries.
possible somniphobia? lately ive been terrified of going to sleep. i dread it all day. my anxiety has always been worse at night, and it would disrupt my sleep quite a bit occasionally, but recently ive been staying up till 2 4am every night. no matter how tired i am, i force myself to stay awake. i dont know why im so afraid of falling asleep now, i used to love sleeping and looked forward to it. its always made me a bit uneasy thinking about how vulnerable and defenseless you are while sleeping, but its never been this bad. im always convinced that something bad will happen to me or my pets while im sleeping, or that i'll go to sleep and not wake up in the morning which not too long ago i would've been completely fine with . i havent had a good nights sleep in almost 2 months now. im so exhausted. it feels like i find something new to worry about almost every day, and those anxious thoughts are always the loudest at night. sleep is the last thing i thought i'd ever be afraid of, but here we are i guess.
my worry of the week... i ve been experiencing pain in my left shoulder for about a week. i do have an old injury on it and i sleep on that side mainly. on friday the pain was so bad it had me in the er twice. the last time with a shot of demerol and a heavy duty muscle relaxer. i ve been drugged up most of the weekend, and for the most part the intense pain is gone but what s left is a weak arm and numbness in my elbow and most of the fingers on my left hand. i see my doc tomorrow. it s likely a pinched nerve or tendinitis. the er doc said my muscles were tight and the pain was intense spasms i m talking worse than childbirth i ve had two kids . of course my brain goes to worst case scenario like cancer and my body is riddled with tumours. the last couple days i ve had what i think is heartburn and intermittent chest pain, which just fuels my cancer worry. seriously, it s ridiculous. i m trying to practice the cbt i ve learned and steer my thoughts in another direction but it s exhausting. i m exhausted.
am i a hypochondriac? i am a 24 year old female, and would like to preface this by saying that i do actually have a few chronic illnesses that have been diagnosed, one of which is an autoimmune deficiency. as well as severe anxiety with frequent panic attacks. that being said, for years now i have been hyper focused on various symptoms my body has displayed that usually end with them disappearing and me forgetting they ever happened. but with every pain or nausea episode i have, i end up spending hours googling symptoms and what they mean. for years now i have put in anywhere from 2 8 hours a day on various medical websites. this week alone i have convinced myself that i have ibs crohn's breast cancer kidney failure pregnacy kidney stones patellafemoral syndrome worms diabetic ketoacidosis an impending heart attack i am tired of being scared all the time. i am aware this isn't normal and i haven't even considered that i was a hypochondriac until today. could that be the cause of these irrational worries?
cat scratched behind my ear hi all, life long health anxiety sufferer, history of as many as 45 er visits in one year. had it somewhat under control but the last 6 months i went thru a very hard time w my mental illness cptsd and is flatingup again. saturday my indoor cat scratched me pretty badly behind my ear my fault, he hates being picked up . i made her mistake of reading online and found articles of people whose hearts have stopped and died from infected cat scratched. it s now friday and i spent the week completely distracted from my life . today i was supposed to work a double shift but i was so distracted and anxious at work i just left and am now at emergency. i have no idea how long i ll be here prob a long time. i feel like i ve created most of mhm symptoms fatigue anxiety is exhausting, sore throat, i smoked a lot on the weekend. chest pains anxiety. i have no fever just saw 36.9 . feeling like maybe i should just leave and go back to work as i feel dumb being here but i m too scared. ughhh
scared of crohn's disease i had a canker sore in my mouth two weeks ago, it has healed now but i just thought what if it comes back . i have no idea if i have had this feeling for a long time but just now noticed it that i kinda feel like the roof of my mouth is burning and it stops when i don't pay attention to it. i have always had some problems with my stomach, they have gotten better in last two years male, 19 y o now . i have had a gastroscopy before but never gotten a colonoscopy because that makes me anxious. gastroscopy showed that i have no reflux and everything looks good, biopsies from my duodenum came back normal , no coeliac disease or other diseases. i just can't stop worrying if i have an ibd and that is what is causing my mouth symptoms. would crohn's disease show on the biopsies taken from my duodenum? i just feel like it would be real unlikely because no one in my family never have had an ibd and i don't smoke apparently smokers are twice as likely to develop crohn's than non smokers .
scared of crohn's disease i had a canker sore in my mouth two weeks ago, it has healed now but i just thought what if it comes back . i have no idea if i have had this feeling for a long time but just now noticed it that i kinda feel like the roof of my mouth is burning and it stops when i don't pay attention to it. i have always had some problems with my stomach, they have gotten better in last two years male, 19 y o now . i have had a gastroscopy before but never gotten a colonoscopy because that makes me anxious. gastroscopy showed that i have no reflux and everything looks good, biopsies from my duodenum came back normal, no coeliac disease or other diseases. i just can't stop worrying if i have an ibd and that is what is causing my mouth symptoms. would crohn's disease show on the biopsies taken from my duodenum? i just feel like it would be real unlikely because no one in my family never have had an ibd and i don't smoke apparently smokers are twice as likely to develop crohn's than non smokers .
obsessive about heart rate chewing tobacco at night my heart rate has been in the 60s, slowly trying to quit chewing tobacco but recently started worrying that my heart rate is too slow especially since i just put a dip in and that is supposed to elevate heartrate and blood pressure but my heart rate is still in the 60s to 70s range scared i'm always in heart failure... literally laying here thinking my heart is failing and scared to call 911 because of many false alarms in the past that lead me to call 911 about 4 times in 2 weeks only once taken to a hospital where they wanted me to stay inpatient but with agoraphobia and panic attacks i was too uncomfortable with the idea of being locked up away from home and no way of getting out before a 3 day stay... feeling depressed and hopeless and that i'm gonna mistake a real heart attack for a panic attack or just write it off as my body being calm from meds i take... idk just don't have anyone to talk to about this especially at night 9pm where i'm at...
breast cancer anxiety as the title suggests, my ha specialty is breast cancer. i do not have a family history of it i m 33 and live a very active, healthy life. but i live in almost constant fear of finding a lump and being given a death sentence. like they are ticking time bombs. i check myself daily during the bad ha cycles usually tied to menstrual cycle and in several extra dark times, have convinced myself my ribs, muscle tissue, etc. are lumps. always to be reassured by my ob that they aren t and that i m low risk and completely healthy. it makes me crazy though. sometimes i even feel breast pain, which i m pretty sure is psychosomatic because when i m busy preoccupied i don t feel the pain. but when i obsess, i feel it constantly and live in a loop of crazy anxiety. i m driving my husband nuts and the worrying often robs me of other joys. but i don t know how to overcome this. i guess i m just wondering if anyone else has this particular worry and if they ve had any success getting past it.
how do i accept the fact that my partner finds other women attractive? i have been feeling super anxious and insecure recently about the fact that my partner acknowledges that he has celebrity crushes or finds other women in our life good looking. i don't mean he's asking these people out or he's making moves, i just mean on a surface level. my partner mentions, often enough, that he thinks a girl is good looking or that he finds this celebrity attractive. it really makes me anxious and insecure so i have a hard time hearing this. i know he doesn't mean anything by it, but it's really upsetting me and making me feel so worried all the time that he is going to leave me. is it normal for guys to do this? is it normal for people to feel attraction to other people while they're in relationships? i certainly think other men are attractive, i won't lie. but i definitely do not think about making a move on them or even flirting. i know the same is true for my partner, i'm just having a hard time coping
i definitely need this group! it's almost debilitating... i find bulging veins and i think they are blood clots, i feel a lump and automatically think it's cancer, i have chest pain and think it's a heart attack, i have diarrhea and think it's bowl cancer, headache and it's a tumor... the list goes on! and on top of that, it creates insane panic attacks that make it all so much worse. my legs shake, my stomach hurts, i always feel pain wherever i assume there's something wrong, my vision gets blurry, i hyperventilate and feel faint... i don't know what to do! even when i hear of something like water intoxication, i immediately start getting nervous that i drank too much water. when i hear sitting can cause blood clots, i immediately get extremely worried that i have been sitting too much... even hearing about broken bones or something like that, i get anxious about doing anything! i'm glad i came across this. i was about to post in the health forum about what to do about some of my issues. haha.
perhaps the battle with my extreme self consciousness will only end when i end the moment i step outside, i become too aware of the way i walk, the way my arms are moving when i walk, where my eyes are looking at, how i'm blinking, my jaw position, my neck position, my posture. basically the way i'm looking to another person i try to picture myself how i might be looking and whether it's not wierd . sometimes i record myself with a phone to see what's the oddity with my behaviour. the reason this has developed is because from class 5 6 i realised there was something wrong... people would keep a stare once they got a glance of me. i realise, in retrospect, that's because i looked like a girl even though i'm a boy. perhaps some hormones got messed up and i got some feminine features like long eye lashes, girly lips, girl type face, curved hip, short height. btw i'm 27m unmarried. 7 months on antidepressants and anxiety meds. i would say definitely helping me find the light. one day i'll make it.
scared i have ms hey, i have been having really bad health anxiety for the past week in a half. pain started in my right index finger. i thought it was because i write and type a lot so i started to rest it. over the past week, my finger has gotten better but other parts of my body have really been hurting. one day, my shoulders were killing. one night i woke up and my back was killing. the next day, my legs were in so much pain. now i am just feeling a bit of pain in my back. i am not really active and nothing traumatic happened to me either. i think i just have anxiety in general but these pains are really freaking me out. i also got blood work done today so i'm waiting for the results. i shouldn't have, but i have been searching up my symptoms online and it kind of sounds like ms, with pain moving around my body. i have never had any medical issue like this before and i am kind of freaking out. i am also in my last semester of university and i just want to be done. i just needed to rant lol
lived in vermont apartment for over a year, possibly with dangerous radon levels i'm a 28 year old male, reasonably fit, moved to montpelier, vt over a year ago. yesterday at work i overheard two women talking about a tunnel that was cordoned off due to dangerously high radon levels. i did some research, and apparently montpelier is a death zone with abnormal ly high levels all across, with the average being a whopping 3.4. i'm an introvert and spend a lot of time indoors, horribly afraid of cancer and now i'm convinced i'm going to develop lung cancer. haven't had the radon levels in my apartment checked, and i can't afford a contractor to do the job right. i heard the free test kits require around nine months to get an accurate reading, and i refuse to wait that long and potentially jeopardizing my health. i have a shitload of work to do and i can't concentrate. i don't feel safe in my house anymore. is one year of exposure to potentially elevated radon levels enough to develop lung cancer?
story about the time my teacher made me stand up to show my red face to show the class when i was emmbaressed so it was my biology class and it was one of those classes where i had none of freinds in and was extremely uncomfortable every lesson because alot of the time we were made to answer questions infront of the class or have to find partners and obviously me being awkward and with social anxiety i never j never had a partner. and because of this i always would get a red face from embarrasment and i guess she took notice because the time we we learning about why the face goes red she decided to ask me a question about it knowing my face would go red and once it did she said oh look it's happening now which obviously made it 10x worse and she littarly made me stand up and face the class it was one of the worst days of my school life. in her defence she was older and i doubt she evain knew how painful that was for me to do that but yeah just a random story i doubt anyone read this far lol.
i can feel something in my lower throat or upper lungs. i m not sick but when i am, the mucus is usually felt in the back of my throat rather than where i can feel something now. i m at work constantly trying to clear my throat and googling how to cough up phlegm even though i m not sure that it is phlegm. i can t concentrate on anything else and i m worrying that i have a disease. i haven t done any work in the last 40 minutes because i keep googling and getting up when i m restless. considering leaving work early to go home but i know it ll sound stupid. i also know that my reaction to overpowering anxious thoughts is to leave wherever i am and go home, so i know the reason for wanting to go home isn t because i feel physically sick enough. i wish i could just sit with this mild physical discomfort and cough every now and then like a normal person but instead, every time i feel the thing in my chest a wave of anxiety paralyses me. i don t know how to get through the day. what should i do?
afraid i've been exposed to hantavirus, really panicking so i'm on vacation in a friends cabin a couple miles north of lake tahoe ca. it was freezing last night so i went to the closet to grab an old comforter to add to my bed. what i had forgotten is that there is a mouse problem in this house. i woke up this morning and found a couple mouse droppings in my bed. i googled if that could be dangerous, and panic ensued. i've googled the cases hantavirus reported in california, and many of them focus around the area i'm in. there was also a case near reno really close to here just last fall. there's mouse droppings littered in the carpet of this house, one here one there, and now i've slept with a blanket that had them in it. we're only here for 2 nights total, so we didn't clean the place. i'm so scared for myself and my family. i hate being anxious like this because it feels like i know i have it, like i'm already in the hospital dying. what do you think the likelihood i've been exposed is?
i f24 don't believe my boyfriend m24 loves me and it's a me problem i have been struggling with worse anxiety for the past year and recently, my anxiety does not let me believe that my boyfriend loves me. he gives me reassurance everytime i ask, but for some reason it is never enough. for instance, when he says why he does, my thoughts will find complaints with his reasons why. i haven't talked to him about this because this is technically not a his issue and i hate burdening others with my anxiety. he has reassured me everyday and i don't want to ask for more. i feel like this is something i need to figure out on my own. i've had bad experiences with boys in general, so i often time believe that they will say whatever is convenient to them. so i cannot shake this feeling and i do not know what to do. ive been talking to a therapist but she has not been giving me effective solutions. she listens and validates, but i need calming techniques... how do i shake this feeling? what should i do?
hip still swollen 4 months after fall, anxiety about it hangs over me. about months ago i fell and landed on my hip. i stayed down for a minute or two only because i didn't think it would be a good idea to get up immediately, but then i got up and was fine. it was sore that night, but that was about it. the swelling started that night, too. maybe a week and a half later, i went to the doctor about it. he didn't do any x rays, but he felt around and tested my range of motion. my range of motion was fine and i didn't have any pain, and he said everything felt like normal swelling. he said it looked like the normal response to a fall, and that swelling can take 5 weeks to heal i think. so here i am, 17 weeks later, and my hip is still swollen. there was a moment where it hurt for a bit about 2 months ago, but that was only for a week or two. the anxiety about it hangs over me. it's always there as something that actually shouldn't be happening, something that to me is not easily explainable.
night time anxiety and noises from upstairs neighbor i rented downstair of a house for a really cheap price with my mom and brother. upstairs is landlord and their family. i ve been living here for over four years. everything is fine except when something is broken and i was afraid the landlord won t fix it, or scared of landlord will sell the house and want us to move out. anxiety hit real hard earlier this year, my neighbor upstairs landlord s daughter brought home a high school graduated boyfriend. he is childish and usually yell out of nowhere. i have ptsd from domestic violence so this triggers me a lot. it seems like he knows i m scared, so he brought it full blown one night last month by stomping, laughing, yelling while playing games at night. i try my best with school and hoping to graduate soon after next year to get the fuck out of here. but the panic attack happens every time there are noises at night, and people upstairs are so passive aggressive that this is going no where
why does my heart rate fall when i'm having an episode? hey all, hope you're all doing alright today i've suffered from overthinking and general anxiety for a while. being in my final year of university has been overwhelming to the point where i started seeking professional help. my doctor prescribed some beta blockers to me and asked me to take them when necessary i've not thought of taking them until today. i think i hit my breaking point today. i have way too much to do and i haven't been able to manage things well. i felt some aches and tightness in my chest and throat, got cold hands and feet, and starting stress sweating the smell was putrid . i could also feel my heart pounding in my chest. i decided to check my heart rate and i was surprised to find out that it was in the mid 50s. i didn't take my first dose of beta blockers and i'm waiting to speak to my doctor tomorrow. has anyone faces this before? shouldn't stress and anxiety cause my heart rate to shoot up instead of dive?
health anxiety due to unexplainable scars on face skin in late 2016 i went throught a very bad episode of depression and health anxiety which lasted a couple of months. managed to tell myself that everything is alright and ignored all kind of twitches pains that were temporary that use to bring anxious people like me a lot of bad thoughts. since around summer 2017 i started noticing small scars and little holes appearing on my face skin for no apparent reason. i have no acnee or other skin condition, i always had clear and clean skin. i went to a specialist and he couldnt put a diagnose, tested me for some anti immune stuff which came out fine. i'm trying to ignore it but every few days a new hole appears and its destroying my face a bit at a time. i think i will soon succumb to the thoughts and lose it again in front of health anxiety. how do you people put up with apparently minor issues that bug you for long periods without knowing why it happens? do you just go on about your life?
head fullness pressure for over a month ive started getting new and uncomfortable symptoms. it started with fatigue weakness, morning heart palpitations waking me up and arms legs feeling some type of nervous energy. as of 10 days ago the fatigue is pretty much gone, i dont seem to have the heart palpitations as much or at all. i was having night sweats often the first few weeks too thats stopped also. but im left with this head pressure or clamy feeling in my head all day. in the morning i feel the sides of my head in the temple region throbbing and some times i can end up happening during the evening too. my head just feels full during the day, and i seem to feel disoriented too and just sensitive to so much. i dont even know how to explain it all. ive been avoiding the gym which i was loving before these new odd symptoms showed up. occasionally ill get some relief in my head and when i did i went to workout and everything was fine but thats only happened twice in this past 30 days.
struggling tonight i've always had issues with health anxiety and i can get really scared when i think even the slightest thing is wrong with me. i finally got to the doctor for my annual physical and that was a nice victory in itself. unfortunately my blood work came back with low platelets and elevated liver enzymes. my doctor had me get retested and those numbers came back today and they're worse, so now i'm going in for an ultrasound and more testing to rule out hepatitis. i can't stop shaking and crying. i'm so scared! it's probably going to be nothing but i can't stop thinking about all the serious things it could be. i'm taking care of it with my doctor, but i really could just use 100000 hugs right now. and some chocolate. i just wish everything came back fine instead of having these things to worry about until i get it all confirmed that it's okay. every time i even look at my dog, i think he's looking at me like he knows i'm sick. my anxiety is just spiraling out of control.
im scared im dying, help so, 5 4 days ago i found a lump on my head, as a lot of people in this subreddit do, i searched up about it on google, i checked every brain cancer that appeared and none were similar to mine. then i found symptoms for just overall brain cancer, and right in that evening i started feeling off balance more like dizzy, light headed, i still walk very well, just don't feel good , i wake up shaking as if im cold, and when i eat, my stomach dies. honestly, most things i found about people with the same problem lump , they are fine. but, i don't know, i had a similar problem with a pain in my chest, i thought that i was having an heart attack, because, again, google and it was just an infection in my lung the doctor also gave me antibiotics i don't know, i think it's just the what if , i still think im going to die. like, i wouldn't care as much if i was 50, 60, 70 years old, but im fucking 13, and my life was getting better, now i don't even want to go to school.
i'm freaking out yesterday i was hanging out with my buddy things haven't been good for either of us. i told him how two people that i knew died this week and my great aunt tested positive for cancerous cells . his birthday is coming up and he saw how depressed i was and wanted to smoke weed with me. i haven't smoked weed in a while and said screw it we were smoking i went to the bathroom i come out and find out his mom took a hit. now i didn't know this and i know they smoke together my ha has been under control but unfortunately now my mind is running all over the place panicking worrying about diseases. now i'm not saying they have diseases i can't stop worrying about it. for example we were using a bowl and a bong we were passing to each other now i'm worrying about shit like hepatitis or hiv and stuff like that. again i'm not saying they have because when i did smoke with them before i was perfectly fine but my ha won't stop me from over thinking and going worst case scenario.
do i deserve punishment for this mistake? im 23f. when i was 17 i was one of the reasons a girl with anorexia was excluded from her friendship group. i feel immensely guilty and have since apologised to her, at the time it happened and a few years after. i am in therapy and my therapist tells me not to worry about it anymore, but i can t help but feel i deserve punishment for what i did. like, to lose a partner, not have a family, etc. i feel like it s just for me to lose out on something because she got something taken away too. i definitely faced consequences the teachers didn t like me as much afterwards and i got excluded from a party as well. i keep punishing myself and wonder if there s a karmic force out there that will punish me. do i deserve punishment? should i just let myself be happy? i feel like i don t deserve to be happy. i m not sure if this is my anxiety talking though. if there s anyone with some advice or been through similar feelings i would appreciate any input
weird symptom i've been having that scares me. so for the past year i've been having this weird symptom on and off, and it freaks me out every time. it only happens when i get out of the shower. my toes will turn noticeably bright red while the rest of my foot remains regular skin color. when this happens they are also very hot when you touch them. there's no pain, numbness or tingling, just extremely red. normal ly it only happens when i get out of the shower, but i got off the couch tonight and it happened. i've done a lot of research on the possibilities and the most common answer is peripheral artery disease and that terrifies me. i suppose i'm just looking for some insight at the moment. i'm a 28 year old male, quite lean. my family has a very good medical history, but my father has hypertension. he's not overweight at all, it's more of a genetic condition than acquired. i've never been diagnosed with hypertension but i wouldn't doubt if i have it or develop it at some point.
those of you who have had an mri what did you have it for and did they find anything wrong? i had one today because my foot was tingling for the past three weeks non diabetic related did blood test previously and all came back normal and my dr saw nothing severely wrong that needed er attention with my foot and then my mom thought oh it s probably my valium that i m on for anxiety causing the tingling cutting down. i still felt like i needed to get checked for this so i went dr had ordered a lumbar spine mri and come to find out they did the quick results where they tell em what was wrong until my dr calls or i go in to go over the results more in detail and of course i have a bulging disc in my back as well as arthritis if you ve had one done what reason did you have the test for and did they actually diagnose you with what you thought you had or was it something different you weren t expecting or did they just say it was probably just anxiety and nothing was actually wrong?
flu fear! oh boy. it's definitely that time of the year. the time of year to search all over the internet for articles on flu statistics and reading through the sad cases of people who were killed by it, and subsequently, sending yourself into a spiral of anxiety when you remember the fact that you did not get your flu shot this year. i've never gotten the flu. i haven't gotten the shot in a few years too, i believe. my doctor asked me if i wanted it a few months ago, but i foolishly said no at the time because i was in a rush to leave. boy, do i regret it now. i go back to college in about 2 weeks, and i am stressed. i suppose it's not too late to go get it, but that doesn't quell my anxiety over the fact it's only 10 effective anyway. jeez. tldr i'm afraid i'm going to be one of those rare cases of someone dying of the flu. i need to stop reading. i'm hoping for some solidarity here. does anyone else have this fear, especially considering this season is supposedly very bad?
how to handle being home alone? a couple months ago around christmas , my girlfriend who i live was out of town for a week, leaving me in our apartment alone. i had been fine with this in the past, but this time... it was really the first time i had any health anxiety, and it hit hard. i felt like i couldn't breathe, felt like i was having a heart attack, worried about having cancer all the fun problems. since then, i've gotten on ssris and have improved a lot, but my girlfriend has to leave for another week soon. i think i'll be okay, but i'm still a little worried that my anxiety is going to come back in full force. when she's home, i have the comfort of knowing that she could take me to the hospital if anything awful happens, but i feel very vulnerable when it's just me, especially at night. i don't have any family or close friends around here, so i can't depend on that either. does anybody have any tips for how to feel more safe when you're on your own? thanks in advance.
i need new ways to cope i m 26 year old female and i ve been struggling with health anxiety since i was 17. whenever i m sick or hungover my heart starts racing and i have a hard time calming down or sleeping. i ve been to the doctor about my heart, and everything always checks out as normal , but i can t keep the anxiety and worried thoughts away. the best form of coping that i ve used is showering. on a bad day, i ll shower around 5 6 times a day. it seems to be the only place i can meditate and really relax and get my hr down. im lucky to have at least that, but it s not very practical, especially when i m trying to function with my day to day responsibilities school, work, socializing . i need something else to get my heart to calm down. breathing exercises or meditating outside of the shower never works for me because i can t calm down enough to focus. i ve never posted on here before, but this sub is regularly helpful to me and any responses are appreciated. thank you
challenges and discomfort are needed for self growth. but i m overwhelmed with anxiety at my job. what can i do? i m a year into my new job where it takes me out of comfort zone quite often business meetings, presentations, big corporate events . i have a lot of good supportive coworkers and manager so i know i m not alone. but i am often feeling so overwhelmed and stressed about my job, and whenever someone asks me how i m doing i have to stop myself from getting emotional. i feel like i m barely getting by day to day at my job, so whenever i have anything extra assigned like presentations or networking event to do, i instantly feel worse. i never got diagnosed with anxiety so there s no medication. just occasional l theanine and olly stress gummies to get me through even if it s just placebo. i feel crazy just typing up this post because i sound dramatic for a grown adult in a corporate world i applied to. but just wanted some tips from anyone out there with high anxiety
something getting an infection obsession?? i have multiple piercings, and every time i get a new one they become infected, i think, i have a very bad problem with picking at everything including skin, hair, face, nails and especially piercings, i m constantly obsessing over them and stress they re coming with infection 24 7 then after i got my belly done. i got an actual infection, the top hole is red and yellow white oozes out if i press it, i m so stressed and have been caring for it like it s new, salt water and soaks ect. tw self harm i have been self harming for years but it has now gotten worse to the point i m scarring and they can see fat in most cuts, because of my picking problem this has become so high stress as i don t want to get an infection and i constantly have to check them to make sure they re not going sour, i think my left leg has multiple that are going bad but i can t trust my own judgement and i m going crazy trying to inspect everything every second
first post and i'm in a bad place. amp x200b it feels like my esophagus has a lump inside of it. it feels like something is stuck and i am terrified. i have never posted here before and hate to add to the large number of posts here seeking reassurance but i'm really suffering. esophagus cancer was mentioned on the news last week and it has been on my mind since. some of the symptoms i have had for a while. amp x200b regurgitating food , chest pains, difficulty swallowing and in the last week it now feels like food is stuck down there, a lump in my throat feeling as well as further down. amp x200b i've also started to feel like vomiting when i eat which has never happened before due to anxiety. i have however been experiencing intense anxiety the last couple of weeks. amp x200b health anxiety is new for me and my question is this amp x200b can anxiety create symptoms to match the illness you fear? i am convinced my time is up and find it so hard to deal with this right now.
hard lymph nodes on mastoid bone and back of neck. hello reddit. im a 28 male 6'7 200lbs. for months now i've had two rock hard lymph nodes behind my ear on the mastoid bone. on top of that i've had one right next to my spine on the back of my neck, right around my hairline. i've been having some neck pain and headaches non stop for three months. i've also noticed i have some brownish skin spots in my hairline. i've also noticed if i dig my fingers down in my skin near the node in my neck, it feels like i can grab this round lump. i've been to the doctors and they brushed it off. they assured me its not cancer,is or anything like that. they me on some antibiotics a few months ago and it did nothing. they're not red, or painful. they're hard and kind of fixed in place. they aren't growing either. they've been the same size the whole time. i get this is a long shot, but i'm not sure what to do. could the ones behind my ear be rock hard because it's right on the mastoid bone?
i need new ways to cope i m 26 year old female and i ve been struggling with health anxiety since i was 17. whenever i m sick or hungover my heart starts racing and i have a hard time calming down or sleeping. i ve been to the doctor about my heart, and everything always checks out as normal, but i can t keep the anxiety and worried thoughts away. the best form of coping that i ve used is showering. on a bad day, i ll shower around 5 6 times a day. it seems to be the only place i can meditate and really relax and get my hr down. im lucky to have at least that, but it s not very practical, especially when i m trying to function with my day to day responsibilities school, work, socializing . i need something else to get my heart to calm down. breathing exercises or meditating outside of the shower never works for me because i can t calm down enough to focus. i ve never posted on here before, but this sub is regularly helpful to me and any responses are appreciated. thank you
gaining my appetite back a few years back i decided to change my horrible diet and gain weight. i didn t realise if at the time but my diet was so bad. i once went a whole day with just eating a single yoghurt and hadn t realised how bad that was. well, last year or the year before? i made an effort to force myself to eat and increase my appetite. it worked. i ve gained weight and i m happy. well, i could be happier by gaining more weight but i have a fast metabolism so i m comfortable with my weight. anyways, last week i got a bug that has now lowered my appetite and i ve barely eaten anything since then. i ve now become suddenly conscious that my appetite has gone again and i need to train my stomach to eat more yet again. it s gonna take me a few days or a week but i know i can do it. it s just making me anxious at the moment because every time i eat i get full very quick just like i used to. so this next week may or may not be a pain while i get my appetite back up.
how to stop the feedback loop? i finally got over my own health anxiety. there are many 'problems' i have that i don't really worry about anymore. yay. in exchange i am now worrying about the health of others like crazy. some people in my life either have or died to cancer and right now i only have my mother left of my family. not a day goes by where i am not building up a scenario in my head where she will die soon. it doesn't help that she is the type of person to never see a doctor, so i spend every waking moment trying to find a way to make her get her appointments. the thing is i really want to stop, somedays i tell myself how unlikely all of this is even looking up global statistics and that i should just stop and go on. but then it's my fault if she dies. that is all i ever think about. because i didn't make her go, so it wasn't found and i will never ever forgive myself that. so i go right back to 'i need to worry'. how the hell do you get around that thought?
food induced anxiety is a special kind of hell i ve been a health freak for as long as i can remember but in the last year or so it s dictated my eating habits so severely. if i eat anything that i ve decided is unhealthy i get such bad anxiety, i feel as if i am poisoning myself, and figuring out what i can buy at grocery stores is so draining, every store trip is like running through an obstacle course. it s getting really bad again, and i spiraled today after falling into a rabbit hole on how most of our food has heavy metals in it, most notably spices, herbs, chocolate, and root vegetables. after a massive crying fit, i threw out my cocoa powder and am currently wondering what to do with all of the grains, vegetables, spices, and herbs i have because i don t see any of it as edible anymore. i don t know what i can eat now. i m so sick of food being like poison to me. i envy the people that can just eat and barely think about what it might be doing to their bodies.
slipped and fell two weeks ago and afraid of getting a scan i slipped and fell on my right side. i only had a small visible bruise on my upper thigh by my waist. however, it seems it affected my whole leg. my upper thigh is tight and it feels like if you exercised and overstretched it. my knee is tight also, doesn't seem smooth when i move it, and has been popping cracking alot more. i have full range of motion, but everything still feels sore. i really wanted to avoid going to the doctor but i might have no choice. a couple days ago i was in a dentist's office and i read an article about ct scans in men's health. it was basically talking about how risky it is, especially for young people, because of how much radiation it gives off. i'm not sure what the doctor would order for me, but i'm afraid of getting into a situation where i either have to refuse doctor's orders or get a scan and then have anxiety for the rest of my life about getting cancer from the radiation.
i need help vertigo i don t know what to do. ever since the end of january this year i have been feeling totally off balance and at times dizzy like i m going to throw up. it feels as though i m on a boat that s rocking and that the floor is uneven. it s especially worse when i sit down or am lying down as it feels like someone is rocking me back and forth. i ve been to the hospital where they said i had vertigo but gave me medication that didn t help. i ve been to the doctor who looked at me eyes and everything and said it was vertigo. i went to a naturopath who said he wasn t sure what it was but it could be an effect of the 20 mg of cirpalex that i m taking. i m seeing a physical therapist who doesn t think the vertigo is coming from my ear canal but rather stress and neck tension. the rocking has been so bad recently and it hasn t stopped at all. i want to get an mri and i genuinely believe i have a brain tumor. please help i m terrified and don t know what to do
super nervous! so i have health anxiety, but that s mostly due to the fact that i ve had a bunch of scary health stuff happen this year. i almost oded three times i m clean now , i got compartment syndrome in my hand and almost had to have it amputated, i had not one but two miscarriages, and i found out that i had a small cyst on my uterus...oh and my uterus is tilted. so recently i ve been getting utis i ve always gotten like 2 per year since i was about 18 . i try everything to avoid them. but i went in the other day to get it checked out and the test came back negative. so they think something might be wrong structurally. i m so nervous that i have pid or ovarian cancer. i keep checking my symptoms. i called out of work because the pain was so bad. and my anxiety is through the roof. my so keeps getting annoyed with me because i keep googling potential reasons for this. i know it s not all in my head. i just don t know how to make other people take my seriously.
i m new to reddit so bear with me i have this problem where i refuse to believe anyone knows me. i know i sound abit weird writing this but i just can t put my mind around anyone truly knowing me and i know the saying of no one truly knows anyone. but it really is becoming a thing where i really believe people don t know me. i m not a shy person i m extroverted i love talking to people but i do have anxiety i ve been hurt a lot in the past by people, i think everyone has. now i just don t think i know anyone and i don t think they know me i know people do know me i just won t admit to it. i m struggling to understand myself really. ive come on here to ask for advice because ive looked into this and all i can find is people saying why don t i let anyone know me which isn t my situation i feel like i don t but i do speak about my problems and i m known as an open book so why do i feel this why ? am i crazy , if anyone feels this way or knows why i do please respond
some advice to my people hello, i've been suffering with anxiety and panic attacks my whole life, and while i take a ridiculous amount of meds for it including lorazapam, pregablin etc, i was informed about magnesium and i wanted to share this with you. so a lot of us get anxiety attacks triggered by the stress hormone cortisol, magnesium works by by stimulating the production of melatonin and serotonin which boost your mood and help you sleep. magnesium also reduces the production of cytokines and cortisol, which lead to increased inflammation and stress. it's important that you don't over do it as you can poison yourself with magnesium, and you also have to make sure it's aspartate, citrate, lactate, and chloride forms as oxide apparently doesn't absorb as well. speak to your pharmacist or dr if you're mixing medication, but i have been able to reduce the amount of lorazapam i've needed since starting mag and its helped a lot with sleep. i'm truly impressed.
anxiety around smelling bad it's been 3 days but i have been super paranoid about this. my friend and i were hanging out and i don't remember how it was necessarily brought up but she said i know a girl who is very pretty but she doesn't shower and then asked do you think she knows after i told her idk it depends cause for some people they do and others they don't then she asked btw how often do you shower? i've beeb freaking out ever since then that she was throwing a hint that i don't stink but i have asked two people i trust that same day if i stink and they said no but what she said was too odd and random for it to not be a hint although she did ask me for a hug before leaving after the whole thing happened so maybe it wasn't about me? i have always had anxiety surrounding this issue because growing up i couldn't afford to shower everyday like i do now so i feel like she accidentally ? triggered me i genuinely can't tell if she was throwing a hint or what
colon cramps after diarrhea? hello! i ve been dealing with bowel mouvements when facing a stressful event, which is, annoying but i deal with it. i rush to the toilets and i m good. i read that during a fight or flight episode, your body wants to removes its wastes. be it. problem is, a few hours later, i have to deal with severe cramps in my lower abdomen. i do not understand why i get that, and it s pretty annoying since usually, the stressful events happen mid day, and i get the cramps from 8pm to 5 6am. i can barely move, even breathing hurts. but i manage to fall asleep either way. yesterday, i had to deal with that again , and it was much stronger than usual. i felt like someone was stabbing my lower left area, every 3 4 minutes. anyways, i was wondering if anyone had had that before, what exactly happens inside that causes that, and if there s anyway to either prevent or help with ot when i have it? hot water bottles and massages don t work. thanks!
mumps exposure i have been in a room with someone that have mumps, 1 day after the onset of symptoms salivary swelling symptom . we had no close contact whatsoever but we did share the space. was in the room for about 15 minutes in total. amp x200b cant remember if i had it in my youth parents can't recall either and i most likely haven't been vaccinated for it it wasn't of the immunization programs at the time . also saw that the vaccine doesn't work as a pep. amp x200b 1 what are the chances that i got infected? i covered my face when was in the room for a brief few minutes each time was in the room, but it may have gotten through the eyes... amp x200b 2 can anyone say what are my options? my life is about to be a complete malfunction for the rest of the 21 days waiting for the onset of symptoms picturing the horrible result of deafness, infertility and a lot of pain. also likely to end with losing yet another job. amp x200b amp x200b amp x200b amp x200b
walking mess yesterday at work i would be drinking water normally and would notice a sharp pain at the top of my head but would think nothing of it at first. several sips later, the sharp, almost electrifying pain would occur in the same exact spot it had before. so i kept sipping and noticed that it only hurts at first, and the pain goes away if i continue to drink repeatedly. fell asleep with hopes of waking up with it being gone but unfortunately the first sip i took gave me the same incredibly sharp pain in the same exact spot. i can swallow my own saliva and eat food without any problem.. when i m not drinking anything i can still feel a slight pulsating pain in the top part of my head, my left eye is spasming uncontrollably, and my ear on the same side hurts when i apply pressure to it. i ve tried researching the pain to see if it s worth visiting a health care professional but can t seem to find anything. should i be worried more than i already am?
does anyone else get sad or nervous when they get prescribed a new medication? i ve been struggling with anxiety since childhood and have had multiple psychiatrists, therapists and general practitioners help me try to find the right combo of meds to help me. recently, i ve been in a 6 month long extended period of anxiety for many reasons, but we have also been trying to find the right meds. talked to my psych. today and we decided to add a new medication in to try, one i used in high school that was helpful at the time, however i still felt a little sad after the appointment. i m happy to be working toward a helpful solution, but mourning the fact that i can t be normal and will likely be on medications for a very long time. it makes me feel a little broken, and i fear my friends and family may even see me that way. i m just wondering if anyone else has felt this way? i m happy to be trying new solutions, but also a little blue. does that make any sense?
feeling overwhelmed and uncomfortable in my body right now i don t really don t know how to describe this. but i just genuinely have that feeling like on the verge of exploding. like i m so exhausted and dissatisfied with my life. and right now i just feel so uncomfortable in my own skin like i just don t even want to be in my body anymore. just the feelings that arise from not having a support system, experiencing chronic pain, trauma, and not getting what i want in life academically, socially, etc. is just all coming to a head. life just feels so unfair sometimes. like i m having to work twice as hard as other people in my life and i m just drowning. but when i complain or ask for help, people brush me off or call me over dramatic. meanwhile everyone is always expecting me to play superhero for them in their own lives. it s just making feel so wound up and tense. and i don t really know how else to describe it but i can t even focus on work right now.
anxiety over appetite loss. i ve been feeling very flat like depressed lately along my anxiety, like literally i can just cry and it s hard for me to want to get out of bed. i ve been taking lexapro for a while and i believe it stopped working. new psychiatrist added 30 mg of mirtazapine with that. i felt like it was helping at first but now i don t feel it is. i m meeting with him next week. i feel hungry but i have no appetite, i have to force myself to eat and that s giving me more anxiety because i have no appetite. like nothing sounds good, and when i start eating something nothing is sparking that oh this tastes good i want more and it s giving me anxiety and scaring me. it also takes me forever to eat because of it, like i mean forever i feel like i m just chewing and chewing when i m usually a fast eater so that s giving me anxiety. i m finding that the thought of eating because of that is giving me anxiety and i m scared that this isn t normal.
is this health anxiety? hi. to start off for the past few months, i've been fucking worrying about my mouth. all started with a load of canker sores in my mouth. i recently quit using chewing tobacco, and i have a feeling it stems from that. i always worry about my mouth, for example.. i check my mouth to make sure everything is okay. ... everything going go ohgodwhatthefuckisthat?? insert hours of worrying and pacing another example, i was out in the garage and had an urge to check a mirror quick, noticed something on the roof of my mouth. insert the hugest adrenaline rush ever once i noticed it. i thought that was the end for me, i instantly messaged my mother at like 2 in the morning fucking shaking. why is this happening? even the littlest thing in my mouth worries me to no end, and i'm sick of it. i have this feeling there is something wrong with my mouth, but whenever i post pictures of the problem on dentistry i realized how stupid it was. help?
terrified about continuing to go to a chiropractor i've had neck pain and stiffness for months and after an mri and emg found nothing like herniated discs or tumors, i tried pt and only got worse with periodic lightheadness and nausea. i'm so desperate for relief that i started going to a chiropractor, which i've always been skeptical of as a profession. the chiropractor said x rays show my spine is very rigid and doesn't bend like it should when i look straight up, so he thinks my cervical joints are the problem. my neck feels worse two days later after he used a chiropractic activator on my cervical spine no twisting or cracking, it's a kinetic energy thing that looks like a glue gun . i'm terrified of getting a dissection of the arteries in my neck and having a stroke. but the medical literature shows that cervical dissections are rare, and my family and friends who have had benefits from chiros are encouraging me to see through a few more sessions.
neti pot anxiety i was recently diagnosed with a sinus infection and told to use a neti pot. being careful to read the directions, i took off the nasal cap and washed it with soap and my bathroom sink water, then poured distilled water over it to rinse. however, as usual, my anxiety about this kind of stuff has flared up wondering if the hand soap i used was not appropriate, if i poured enough tap water to rinse that soap off, and then if i poured enough tap water off with distilled water. as i looked things up i became even more scared, reading that tap water with neti pots can be dangerous. i haven't touched the thing since, and my sinus headaches are becoming increasingly easier for my anxious mind to read as some kind of horrible brain amoeba like you can find stories on. any advice on how i can put myself at ease instead of feeling like i will be waiting the next couple of months before i know if i have gotten a more serious infection? thank you.
people who had the flu this season and are better now ok so i m usually pretty level headed about the flu. i have had it in the past and i usually don t freak out. and i didn t this season either until my best friend brought up how surprised he was that i wasn t freaking out about the flu which lead me to googling everything and seeing news articles i wish i could unsee. anyways, i am pretty sure i have the flu because my symptoms started yesterday typical sore throat etc and 36 hours later my temperature started rising. dont read this paragraph if you are easily triggered all i can think about is that i m dying from the flu and that my immune system will attack my organs and that i will die within a couple days all of a sudden like all these people from the news articles. safe to read again so people of reddit who had the flu this season and have recovered, can you just please tell me that you feel better and that you survived? i need a little hope
constamt tension headaches and face pain im 19f im a university student and since last may i have constant headaches ...all tests came clear mri, blood tests, ct scans ...etc anything possible im healthy . at this point no one believes me. i experience constant tension headache, sometimes if im lucky it goes away for a week but it comes just as easily after minor stress occurence or bad sleep night. also facial tension and pain i feel like i have brick on my face 24 7 and heavy eyes. eye test came all back very good ...i am diagnosed with anxiety and take ssri's to manage but u never even considered that anxiety or any stress could cause this. could it be true ? its been to long i tried lot of things ...but it never dissapears. i am anxious person but even when im calm it still seems to be there. it does not take a lot to provoke it . can anyone honestly give me advice or just ...tell me your experience ? do you think anxiety could be causing this ?
tinnitus thinking, panic attacks. please help me. i recently came across a video about people curing their tinnitus temporarily. i had no idea what tinnitus was so i decided to google it. turns out that i might actually have it myself. i hear a faint high frequency sound everytime i cover my ears with my hands and during complete silence. i always thought it was normal to hear this at times when nothing can be heard. i've had a panic attack since noticing it and noticing that it can't be cured. i'm still wondering if i have this and if my head is just making this up.. since i've never ever noticed this before. but i can't stop thinking about it and covering my ears to hear if its still there. i'm terrified and shaking. i'm so afraid that i will never be able to not hear this sound now when completely silent. i'm sure that i've had this all my life if i do have this.. but i still wish that i never discovered this disease. help me, what should i do??
tinnitus thinking, panic attacks. please help me. i recently came across a video about people curing their tinnitus temporarily. i had no idea what tinnitus was so i decided to google it. turns out that i might actually have it myself. i hear a faint high frequency sound everytime i cover my ears with my hands and during complete silence. i always thought it was normal to hear this at times when nothing can be heard. i've had a panic attack since noticing it and noticing that it can't be cured. i'm still wondering if i have this and if my head is just making this up.. since i've never ever noticed this before. but i can't stop thinking about it and covering my ears to hear if its still there. i'm terrified and shaking. i'm so afraid that i will never be able to not hear this sound now when completely silent. i'm sure that i've had this all my life if i do have this.. but i still wish that i never discovered this disease. help me, what should i do??
i don't expect anyone to look at this soon, but it's always nice to see someone has... i just wanted to rant in a sort of way. i just got finished with my spring break. my mom was in hospital the entire time. my dad is due to have a surgery soon. and last semester two of my grandparents passed, one severely declined, and the others house is being sold after we spent about 2 months cleaning it and renovating it. i just don't feel like doing anything and my anxiety is such that my chest hurts and my body aches. so much has happened and i am trying so hard but it feels like my brain is my own worst enemy right now. i just want peace. i just want silence. i just want to sleep and not get up. i don't know how to help myself anymore. i am primary caretaker for my parents now and i am terrified. any advice is nice. i am in college and work. i'm f22 and seeing the counselor at my college. it's just a lot at once and am struggling to even break the surface.
i'm getting very anxious about my dental procedure tomorrow it's not something i wanna do, but i'm made to do it. i had a root canal procedure because of an infection and my dentist recommends i get a crown for further stability. i personally think it's optional at the moment since it's my front tooth and it isn't subject to a lot of pressure. but you know, asian parents, they're forcing me through it tomorrow. i'm so against getting a crown because it involves drilling away healthy tooth structure so that it will fit. it's permanent because tooth enamel can't grow back and so such a procedure i've been constantly anxious about it since the appointment got booked 3 weeks ago. every day since, i've been dreaded for the day which is tomorrow. has anyone had similar experiences or currently has a crown in their mouth? i'm worried about many things such as whether it feels like your natural tooth, whether it's the exact same color or a little bit off.
i'm an adult who can not sleep alone. so i'm 32f and since i was a kid i've struggled with anxiety and sleeping. afraid of the dark, night terrors, sleep paralysis all that fun stuff. my partner, is going away for 2 nights for a work thing. this means i'll be alone in the house. i have never been alone in a house, i've always had house mates or family in the house with me. any time i was left with a house to myself i would get mates to come over and stay or i would go out. its only at night when i have to go to bed in the house that i have the issue, i otherwise tend to enjoy being by myself. this whole thing is filling me with more and more anxiety. i know i'm building it up alot but its been one childhood fear never managed to sort out. i want to get over this, i feel quite pathetic that its causing me so much panic. tools at my disposal 1 incredibly needy cat that sleeps with me every night. a tv in my room. hoping for advice and encouragement.
worried about a wrong dix of fibromyalgia im a 26 year old male, so for the past 6 months ive had alot of body achsles,weakness and twitching muscles and other weird stuff, and they did a bunch of blood work, mri's and a emg test which i was told were all normal but alittle low in vitiam d which i take a supplement for however about a month ago my rheumatologist said it looks like its fibromyalgia and told me to take vitiams and mediate which i,ve been doing, i was feeling about the same but was ignoring my symptoms which helped, however for the past 2 weeks ive had a weird sensation in my thoart, tons of salvia, and shortness of breath, i went to urgent care and check lots of things and said it is probably a mild case of bronchitis. im just worried because everything thats gone on and now im having trouble breathing that my fibromyalgia dx is actually somthing more serious like ms, als or some kind of cancer.... any insight would be very helpful
terrified of pcos for the past 7 months, the fear of developing pcos has taken over me, despite have no symptoms. i ve always had normal periods. they always come every 28 days and last for 5. not only that but i ve always been skinny, i haven t had a bad acne breakout since i was 14, i don t get any facial hair aside from a little on my upper lip and i don t think it s possible for me to have diabetes. but i gained 3 pounds this month. and my period started yesterday and then completely stopped. so now i m convinced i have it and i can t think about anything else. the last time pcos fears struck me i had two panic attacks in a row and was a state of high stress for a while. my period ended up coming a week and a half early which just made the anxiety worse. eventually everything went back to normal but for some reason i m convinced that won t happen this time. i know pcos is not a death sentence but i have never worried so much about an illness
terrified of pcos for the past 7 months, the fear of developing pcos has taken over me, despite have no symptoms. i ve always had normal periods. they always come every 28 days and last for 5. not only that but i ve always been skinny, i haven t had a bad acne breakout since i was 14, i don t get any facial hair aside from a little on my upper lip and i don t think it s possible for me to have diabetes. but i gained 3 pounds this month. and my period started yesterday and then completely stopped. so now i m convinced i have it and i can t think about anything else. the last time pcos fears struck me i had two panic attacks in a row and was a state of high stress for a while. my period ended up coming a week and a half early which just made the anxiety worse. eventually everything went back to normal but for some reason i m convinced that won t happen this time. i know pcos is not a death sentence but i have never worried so much about an illness
can t stop worrying about severe illness, cancer, surgery, and anesthesia failure think i m going to jinx it happening by stopping worrying about it. this is pretty superstitious, but basically it s the fear of the fact that often things happen when you least expect them, so i m afraid to stop expecting them to happen in order to control them into not happening. the other thing is that if i stop worrying about them, i get comfortable and attached to my lifestyle, and then if something happens, it s going to be more of a letdown. this already happened this year. i got a very small pilonidal cyst now on track to get a minor procedure to remove it , and at first i was devastated mostly because for a while i had forgotten about the possibility of these things happening, so there was more of a shock value. i m afraid of the shock factor of enjoying my life and being hit with cancer versus expecting it all along and hopefully mitigating a bit of it.
sharp intense pain in lower left abdomen? hello! amp x200b first of all, i want to say, a couple of days ago i saw a picture of warning for testicular cancer so i insta checked my testicles and i felt a bump on top of it. i started reading other symptoms of this and i think i saw lower abdomen pain but i dont think its related to this! amp x200b for about 3 days ive had this random sharp pain in my lower left abdomen. it can stay for hours and then its gone but then it comes back. it's been going on for about 3 days and im getting worried. i'm a known sufferer and i have very intense health anxiety. i've stopped taking my pills and im on my 3rd week i believe without them. can this be something thats causing this? i'm super paranoid about it and its all i think about and it feels like im the only one with this symptom in the so called health anxiety people. has anyone else had a similar pain in there left lower abdomen or am i really alone?
my iud amp ha hi all, i just wanted to put this story out there if any women are experiencing something similar. amp x200b 5 1 2 years ago, i got a non hormonal iud put in paragard . shortly after, my anxiety skyrocketed, and my spiral of hospital and doctor visits revolving around my ha started. i wondered if my iud was triggering it, and i even went to my ob to get it taken out to which she scoffed at me and told me there was no way my iud was exacerbating my anxiety. amp x200b ff to may of last year, and i get my iud out. i go on a trip immediately afterwards, and my anxiety is high still because of travel. i get back and boom. my anxiety is down to a 2 4 10 verses the 6 9 10 that it had been for almost 6 years. amp x200b i'm not saying go get your iud ripped out, but just a reminder to be your own advocate and trust the way you feel. just because no one has had those side effects to a medication implant doesn't mean it's not happening.
hit my head about 2 months ago, have vertigo and memory issues hi guys. i hit the side of my head very hard on the corner of a table in late november. i didn t lose consciousness and there was no blood. i also didn t have vomiting or nausea. that said, lately i ve been having vertigo feeling like the floor is moving out from under me and i feel extremely out of it, like i m living in a movie, along with shortness of breath. everything is made way worse by caffeine. also sometimes i will have a headache or dull pain in the area that i hit my head but it s about once a week so not often. i have been to two doctors who have examined me and said i m fine but i ve had no ct scan or mri. i am so scared i have a hematoma or something!! but it s also been two months and in that time i have had a lot of alcohol, been on a vacation, and been on rollercoasters and i ve been ok minus the vertigo and brain fog. how worried should i be?? please help me!
please help! hey guys, i have an on site interview after being a complete depressed, socially angst hermit for the last 6 months. when i say i didn t go out of my house more than 4 times in 6 months, best believe it i applied for a job and i have to fly to another state for it. i thought things were getting better with me but my anxiety is through the roof just thinking about the travel, but mostly the interview. it s a 2hour session from 10 12pm. i usually take 10 mg of propranolol, but i don t think it ll be enough. do you guys think it s ok to take 20mg. before you ask me to ask my doctor, he said i should take 10 20 mg but i have never taken 20 mg before and i am scared i ll pass out or i won t be able to breath had asthma when i was younger . i was thinking maybe of taking one at 8am and then another at 9.30am ish. what do you guys think? anyone with experience? also i m a little female despite being in my mid 30s . 5 feet and 110lbs
scared of hiv, extreme anxiety, dont know what to do hello folks soo, for a long time i had enlarged lymph node behind my ear. then i went to the doc. she looked very worried. sent me to bloodwork for a few tests. then i became very anxious, like my life will soon end, then i somewhat learned to deal with it, i became less anxious, then more anxious again, as i got sick frequently. recently not only the lymp node got bigger, i got a few test results from blood work. i have not good levels of some stuff but i cant understand it and i dont wanna research, hiv results not here yet. bad thing is, i am always anxious, feel like my life will really change. i have thoughts of how the area behind my ear will hurt very much and i would need operation. recently it feels like the area is stiff, like a muscle i can't relax. what to do? tell friends? try to get engaged and not pay attention to it? try relaxation? i feel very lonely in this situation.
how often do you get anxiety symptoms? hey i was wondering how often can you get anxiety symptoms, hourly? once a day? once a weak? ive been having this issue but my doctors keep telling me is just anxiety, and i get this every hour of the days lightheaded, extreme hunger, shortness of breath, vomiting or nausea, my arms start to feel light like feathers or a weird feeling not tingling tho, hot flashes, heart rises, etc, tho my heart doesnt rise constantly only when my symptoms get bad and i get worried, i check my blood sugar and everytime this happens is at 95 mg dl ive told this to my doc but he keeps telling me is just anxiety, like i said this happens everyhour all the symptoms everyday for a year now and it doesnt go away until i drink juice or sugary stuff but he said that thats my coping mechanism lol, i find out after a long time im insulin resistant but i dont know if this could be the cause. what are your symptoms of anxiety?
healthy anxiety i think i have really only started having the symptoms of health anxiety after i decided to stop using hard drugs and tobacco. i m 25 years old and have been 65 days clean from cocaine and hard drugs and tobacco. i am currently in therapy and am taking lexapro 10mg once a day but i always think something is wrong with me and idk if it s my anxiety manifesting as pain in areas of my body or it s a heart attack or something else i wake up thinking something is wrong with me and i go to sleep thinking something is wrong with me anytime i feel any pain in my chest or weird feeling i think it s a heart attack anytime there s tingling in my body i think it s a heart attack anytime i my heart rate fluctuates even a little i think it s a heart attack anytime i have sex i think it s an std i m never not thinking about something being wrong with me need some advice on how to help it or some experiences that i can maybe relate to!!
anxiety and hopeless hello thank you for taking time to read my post, i suffer with severe anxiety and depression it started 5 years ago out of the blue. i had some success with medication prozac for 3 straight years i was back to my normal self completely free of anxiety and enjoying life, but it resurfuced i have been trying different anti depressants snris had a little success but since august 2022 my mother had severe covid nearly died from it my anxiety and depression went crazy ever since none of the snris are working everytime they try to increase a dose i get worse very bad depression and awful side effects even when i leave it 4 8 weeks. i've been like a guinea pig for the last 6 months and it's been hell i feel hopeless and that i can't possibly go on like this i don't even know what to say to the dr anymore. has anyone had similar experiences? any opinions or advice going forward would be very much appreciated. many thanks!
blood test results hi all. little backstory. i recently went to my doctor for some chest pains i have been having. i was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder since i was roughly 19. these chest pains have always been an on and off thing with me, i've had scans out the wazoodle and also blood work over the years that has shown nothing. today my doctors receptionist called me to inform me my most recent blood work results were in i had the blood work done roughly 3 weeks ago . this is terrifying to me as they have never called me before in results to blood work results. my mind is pacing thinking they found something horrible as it was not discussed over the phone, i have an appointment tomorrow morning to go over the results with the doctor. my mind is going nuts thinking i have cancer or diabetes or something very life threatening has been found. i dunno i just needed to write this down, makes me feel a little better in a way.
neighbours hello i m haveing anxiety because my neighbours pour things like pee dog poo etc i can t put my plants out side cuz water is always falling of their top balcony and on to mines there are really hostile to my then i get racism from them keep in mind i did nothing to them it is like they are heart less and my boys and i are scared cuz they threatened as i call police so much time they do nothing i m also looking for i new home they do drugs they spat at us when we go out side and they say the reason why water falls from the porch is because the water tank they party ever day it s really scary in hope i can move to better area i stay strong in front of my boys but i cry in the in side it feels like no cares about us at all it s more worrying cuz i m i single mother of 2 and upstairs is all men idk what to and i m scared for my life and my children life btw i m in scotland sorry if i mis spelled some things it cuz i m shaking.
i m so terrified for college and my future. what do i do i m a senior in high school and this year has flown by so fast. i ve been dreading graduation since junior year when i realized it was coming up quicker than i thought. i can t even decide which college to pick between 2 i ve always been so indecisive and i m afraid i might hate it either way. i also have social anxiety so i m very scared i ll end up alone but i don t wanna avoid college because i don t want to let anxiety win. i also don t know what to do with myself if i don t go to college. i feel like after high school my life is bleak. me and my family have little money and inflation is skyrocketing. i m afraid i will be poor my whole life. i have depression and low self esteem and have felt hopeless for a while. i m also scared that i will lose the few friends that i have when i go to college and i m sure i will have a lot of panic attacks leading up to it. i m so scared
does anyone else experience this? chest pain aches general info male, 21 yr old, 150 pounds in weight so about the last 3 months i've been dealing with extreme anxiety and hypochondria involving fear of something being wrong with the heart and something bad happening in general. last month i went to the er, did an echocardiogram, ekgs, holter monitor, and had some blood tests done. the doctors said all the results came back within normal ranges. however i've been having chest pains aches over the duration on the left, middle, and right side and specifically the last few days it's been like an ache on the left side of the chest. i told my cardiologist and he advised treatment for my anxiety first then if symptoms persist i can make another appointment with cardiology. the last few days i haven't had much anxiety but still have had chest aches. does anyone else experience similar feelings? any thoughts opinions would be appreciated.
trigger warning does anyone else get an anxiety attack when is it just me? anyone have advice on how to manage treat? does anyone else have anxiety attacks over small things of repetitive nature? like for example i can have a full on attack when my bf picks or pulls at his beard. or when someone is tapping their fingers or legs. it seems like i get triggered by other people s coping mechanisms. this has been extremely frustrating because my bf has this habit when he is anxious and not even realizing it and it s causing my to have attacks and then i am zorped and on edge. and he is constantly on edge trying to look out for me. we are trying different things like closing doors, and both trying to be mindful but i would really like help on how to manage and treat it. does anyone else share a similar experience? i am also currently in therapy and working on it but she doesn t have any experience with this and am beginning to give up.
what to do when nothing is working? i keep having nights where no matter what, nothing seems to help. i have a partner who is super supportive, friends who are super ready to help and be there to hang out. however, i keep having days where literally nothing is working, whether it's getting some air and smoking, taking pregabalin, drinking to a dangerous extent or really anything else. there's this very deep sense of dread and a strong urge to end things that i just can't escape from. i'm just terrified because i end up just losing control and ending up rocking in a corner mumbling to myself about how i want to end it before passing out to wake up again and try to battle it. i keep having nightmares of disassociating and doing something terrible. i can't maintain myself anymore and i'm considering admitting myself. i'm just unsure if i wanna be trapped without people to support me, stuck with people who are probably worse than me.
oral cancer fears it's been at least weeks since i've noticed it, but who knows how long it's actually been there. i'm not even sure how to describe the location. it's not on the hard palate but kind of in between that and the hard part of the gums on the inner side of teeth. if you take your tongue and reach it as far back as you can even past the final molar on top, that's where it is. anyways, i felt with my tongue recently that there was a small lump. if i look in my mouth, there is no sore or anything. but i can feel it with my tongue and finger. i just touched it with my hand again and i believe it is movable as well but i'm not 100 percent on that. it doesn't currently hurt to the touch but weeks ago, it was tender when i would use my finger. i can't get it looked at until february 5th, and my health anxiety was doing so well for about a year now, but now i'm freaking out and it's affecting my sleep amongst other things.
psa for anxiety symptoms i often see people posting on here, is ....... a symptom of anxiety the answer is 99 outta a hundred, yes! my anxiety has given me the weirdest aches amp pains fron a non stop fluttering eye, to hot or cold sweats, pins amp needles, stabbing pains, all the way to i can't breathe or feeling i'm about to die of a heart attack or the old, this isn't real life . when are brains are overloaded with stress hormones it goes berserk. as i've learned to accept my symptoms as a part of my anxiety amp not fight or repress them, it's alot easier to manage. anxiety will not kill me is my mantra. i know its hard but don't hold on to every little feeling in your body it only magnify the feeling. my anxiety is more mental now when it comes which while tricky is infinitely easier then feeling i'm gonna die 10 times a day. what's your weirdest or scariest symptom? let's normalise the abnormal amp all feel a bit better .
how do you stop fuzzing? my friend is as healthy as can be, but eversince i started really knowing him there's been something wrong. he'd go to the doctor, clear up whatever condition he thought he had and then he'll go home and start googling every single aspect of his bodily functions. for example smelling burning wood then he thinks obviously something is wrong with his nose now?? until eventually he discovers some other condition he may have. then he stresses it until a doctor clears it up again and then repeat. he would sit for hours up at night reading symptoms, and unfortunately that is not exaggeration. he's never fine, never normal , never healthy in his mind. and as much as it annoys me, its worrisome. because there's no helping a person that always thinks that he knows better. i'm looking for someone who can advise him on how you coped or even escaped this state of mind. but any advice would be appreciated. thanks.
signed up for physical exam due to health anxiety, symptoms getting more noticeable as the day approaches due to me receiving medical insurance through the government , the health care i have access to is very saturated, so i ve been waiting for a physical exam for 2 months now. i m getting down to single digits on days and i feel terrible at nights. i ll experience acid reflux, or muscular skeletal pains , etc. right now i have a pain under my right rib cage and i feel like it s my pancreas or something . i m going absolutely mad just thinking that this dull pain could be cancer or something i need to go to the er for before it bursts and i die . i just can t wait for 5 more days until i can get checked out and be able to sleep at night knowing either nothing is wrong with me or taking steps to manage it. and now i m in a worse mood because i won t get the results then , i ll still need to wait a week or two on top of that .
tunnel vision when going cross eyed? my friend found this 'thing' you can do with your eyes, so i tried it and now i'm abit freaked more than abit , wondering if anyone can explain it. so this doesn't seem to work inside, only in bright sunlight as far as i've noticed. if you stand outside, in the sunlight bright and get in a spot where your side vision is showing the blue sky or something you can clearly see and isn't crowded moving then begin by putting your finger infront of your face in line with your nose, slowly move it in until it's touching the tip of your nose so you're now crossed eyed , you'll notice the 'sides' of your vision in each eye have a tunnel vision kind of effect and go black, once you stop being cross eyed, it dissapears. why? going crossed eyed straight away also does this. can someone please explain this or atleast go out of your way to try and do it just so i'm not so alarmed. you know how ha can be
recurring chest pain for around a month so i started having pain on the left side of my chest on the inner part of my pec towards the top. it happens mainly when i exhale. kind of a sharp pain. it sometimes happens on the tail end of taking a deep breath. movement doesn't increase it. the pain hasn't increased. it's possible that the frequency at which it happens has. i had an appoint two weeks ago and had an ekg and blood tests which neither of which showed abnormal ities. im a 29 y o male who has exercised on and off for most of my life. only problem i have is decently high cholesterol. i called the doctor today and they made a referral to a cardiologist on apr 21. i want to think that's to much i hope. my first worry goes to endocarditis. . other than that i don't know what to think of it. it's hard not to worry about it. i want to assume its inflammation but i've never experienced something this consistent for so long.
recurring chest pain for around a month so i started having pain on the left side of my chest on the inner part of my pec towards the top. it happens mainly when i exhale. kind of a sharp pain. it sometimes happens on the tail end of taking a deep breath. movement doesn't increase it. the pain hasn't increased. it's possible that the frequency at which it happens has. i had an appoint two weeks ago and had an ekg and blood tests which neither of which showed abnormalities. im a 29 y o male who has exercised on and off for most of my life. only problem i have is decently high cholesterol. i called the doctor today and they made a referral to a cardiologist on apr 21. i want to think that's to much i hope. my first worry goes to endocarditis. . other than that i don't know what to think of it. it's hard not to worry about it. i want to assume its inflammation but i've never experienced something this consistent for so long.
don't know if i'm in the right place for this... recently it was seeming like my life was finally getting on track. i had taken control of my addictions, i was being more productive, i was seeing myself changing into a better person. good things were happening. then out of nowhere everything just came crashing down, like many times before. i don't know if people think like me, or that far ahead for that matter, but i don't think i am the only one who fears such an overwhelming anxiety about not achieving whatever it is you want in life. i have been feeling like i won't ever be able to achieve even the most basic things that all other humans are able to achieve. i can't explain the reason why i feel this way, but it's basically being anxious that i'm failing at life as a whole and that i'm not taking advantage of the precious time that i have on earth. like i'm just here and wish to stay here, but when do i start living ?
sternum popping and pain i'm a 31 m. for the past 2 3 weeks my sternum has been audibly popping. like my wife heard it the other night when we were eating dinner. at first there was no discomfort, but over the past few days pressure builds in the center of my chest causing discomfort. then my sternum pops and the pain goes away, only to return minutes later. i went to the dr yesterday and got an x ray and and ecg which she said looked slightly abnormal compared to an ecg i had in 2014. she is sending me to a cardiologist. i don't know my x ray results yet. my appointment with the cardiologist is feb 25th. seems so far away, and i keep thinking, what if i have a heart attack between now and then? i know it's not going to happen, but the fear keeps trying to creep in. the pain isn't terrible or dibilitating, but its enough to cause me anxiety. im trying not to let it get the best of me but it's hard. thanks for reading!
sternum popping and pain i'm a 31 m. for the past 2 3 weeks my sternum has been audibly popping. like my wife heard it the other night when we were eating dinner. at first there was no discomfort, but over the past few days pressure builds in the center of my chest causing discomfort. then my sternum pops and the pain goes away, only to return minutes later. i went to the dr yesterday and got an x ray and and ecg which she said looked slightly abnormal compared to an ecg i had in 2014. she is sending me to a cardiologist. i don't know my x ray results yet. my appointment with the cardiologist is feb 25th. seems so far away, and i keep thinking, what if i have a heart attack between now and then? i know it's not going to happen, but the fear keeps trying to creep in. the pain isn't terrible or dibilitating, but its enough to cause me anxiety. im trying not to let it get the best of me but it's hard. thanks for reading!
help! with ocd hi, i m a 22 year of female and have been struggling with ocd for as long as i can remember. it was really bad when i was about 10 and went away for a few years. however, it came back with vengeance about two years ago in the form of relationship ocd. that faded and morphed into contamination ocd. it s been ruling my life for two years and i m honestly sick and tired of it. i do everything in my power to keep myself and the things around me germ free. i know it s an irrational fear because 99 of people don t live like me and are doing just fine. i don t even know what i m truly afraid of. getting sick doesn t really scare me this part confuses me too, you re not alone . i just can t shake the anxiety i get when i know i have come in contact with germs... i am currently on zoloft even though it doesn t seem to help. any advise on how to kick this thing in the ass would be greatly appreciated.. thank you
soapy taste in mouth. sodium fluoride poisoning? i started noticing a soapy aftertaste when i was drinking coffee a little while ago. i first thought it was something in the coffee maker, but i then drank some water and it had the same soapy after taste. i had a friend taste the water and they said they didn't taste any soapiness. it became obvious it was just me. it's possible i got some shampoo in my mouth when i shower shortly before drinking the coffee, but i don't remember that happening. i decided to google soapy taste in mouth, and it said it's a possible symptom of sodium fluoride poisoning. my hypochondriac side started getting worried. i drink a lot of unfiltered tap water but i don't know if that's enough to get sodium fluoride poisoning. i just got over a cold, so i don't know if that has anything to do it. this seems like a silly thing to be worried about, but google gets me paranoid as usual. am i good?
my whole body is aching like i have the flu i don't know why all of a sudden after almost a week of no symptoms, now my body decides to flip the switch and start all over again... yesterday i thought i'm having a heart attack because my left arm was aching all week and then yesterday and even today i had chest pain. now it started that my other arm is aching too and my whole body just feels like i have the flu or something. even my mouth feels spicy and weird... i don't know, is this really something anxiety can do? i don't feel sick at all, but everything hurts like i'm in full on flu mode. pretty much everyone on my mothers side of the family has rheumatism, maybe it's finaly breaking out for me? has anyone else felt like you usually do when you are just completely flu struck, only that you aren't actually sick? today was the first time i took a magnesium supplement 187 mg so maybe it has something to do with that?
what would you do here? throwaway becuase my family knows my account... for some time now i observed 'symptoms' that my mother is showing which make me really afraid that she might have cancer. she is 50 years old and recently started complaining about one sided back pain she did a lot of physical labor all her live but still concerning , having to urinate more often and feeling full sooner. ever since my own doc informed me about the risks of ovarian cancer i can't get it out of my head. i made her see the doctor but she just went for a normal checkup instead of asking for an ultrasound. they did take a blood sample but that is hardly enough to rule this out right? i really want to let this go because right now it will be impossible to make her go again and i got enough else to worry about. on the other hand if i am right and stop pushing her it will be my fault it wasn't found early enough... the hell do i do now?
what would you do here? throwaway becuase my family knows my account... for some time now i observed 'symptoms' that my mother is showing which make me really afraid that she might have cancer. she is 50 years old and recently started complaining about one sided back pain she did a lot of physical labor all her live but still concerning , having to urinate more often and feeling full sooner. ever since my own doc informed me about the risks of ovarian cancer i can't get it out of my head. i made her see the doctor but she just went for a normal checkup instead of asking for an ultrasound. they did take a blood sample but that is hardly enough to rule this out right? i really want to let this go because right now it will be impossible to make her go again and i got enough else to worry about. on the other hand if i am right and stop pushing her it will be my fault it wasn't found early enough... the hell do i do now?
painful, hard lump behind ear.... mastoiditis? i have this painful, hard lump on my mastoid process that hard bone that's right behind the ear on only my right side. i literally just noticed it about an hour ago. it's tender to the touch and now i can feel dull pain in that spot without touching it. i have no idea if it's been there all day, i didn't notice it at all. the closest thing i can find that it could be is mastoiditis. i have no other symptoms other than the fact that i noticed my hearing was slightly worse than my right ear a couple of times in today before i noticed the bump . i'm extremely scared and i don't have any support, everyone around me writes things off as nothing. i keep reading things about needing antibiotics through an iv but i can't find very many people talking about mastoiditis... and obviously i don't even know if that's what it is exactly. has anyone heard of this or dealt with it??
pilonidal cyst not responding to anti biotics ugh. i've had this thing for a while but when it flares up its never that bad. this time it was pretty painful and didn't go away after 2 days like it usually does. i went to the dermatologist, he gave me anti biotics. its been 2 days with the anti biotics ciprofloxacin and its still inflamed, arguably worse than ever. ibuprofen helps but not enough. sleeping is so god damn difficult. the dermatologist said that these things can go 'deep' which scared the shit out of me. i've let this thing just sort of stay there for years now and i am terrified that a surgery would basically take a huge chunk of the entire area out just to get rid of this thing. i actually had a surgery for it years ago but that was when it first appeared, and that was bad enough. i hate this so fucking much. i can barely sit down, but standing hurts too for some reason, and so does laying down.
i need help with quitting job this week, i started a construction job i wasn't 100 sure about. my coworkers and supervisors are nice people but the job isn't what i expected. some tasks were understated when i applied for the job and in the interview but the tasks actually require a significant amount of my daily effort. also i'm underpaid relative to what i was paid in my previous job as well as no paid break. however, the job is 30 minutes from my house so cheaper public transportation. so because they're nice to me, patient, and welcoming i feel very uncomfortable telling them i'll quit even though the job contract says neither party has to give notice. also, i've always been an agency worker and the idea of having to give 2 3 weeks notice provides endless anxiety. in an agency job i could just phone or text and say i won't return the next day. i have no experience telling my supervisor i'm leaving a job
i need support please hello, i'm new to this community and i need your support. i am diagnosed with obsessive ocd disorder rocd severe depression and emotional addiction and a few hours ago i was in the middle of an ocd crisis and i came across something that triggered me as i was in full compulsion. it was about attachment styles can someone please tell me if i am a good person to love my partner and that an emotionally dependent person has the right to love someone and date them . i'm in such a healthy relationship and i'm proud of it because my previous relationship was very chaotic and so toxic and i'm afraid to be with him that because of my emotional dependency i want to be with him because i love it with all my heart but my thoughts are killing me i think it's the ocd side pressing where it hurts thank you all. be kind please my ocd makes me believe so many things through messages and it's horrible.
performance anxiety playing the piano any other musicians pianists who struggle with performance anxiety despite years of playing? how do you fight it to stop yourself from second guessing yourself on things you already know but are afraid of screwing up? i m not even talking about performing in front of anyone either, literally just talking about playing over the phone for my piano teacher of nearly 29 years during a piano lesson. the phrase go for it, my name ! my teacher used a lot when i was younger when she knew i was ready to really make a piece shine but totally lacked the confidence to believe in myself and every time i just went for it i completely surprised myself and got all excited and enjoyed whatever i was playing that much more as a result but that was usually more towards ending the piece and now i find i m getting it even more in the middle of my study practice and it s really annoying!!!
had a really bad turn the last few days hi everyone, i've had anxiety for the last 6 months or so in varying levels. from january i was in a decent headspace with it but the last three weeks it's got worse and then the last four days or so it's gone off a cliff. it's all i think about all day long, i had panic attacks on monday and wednesday and my heart is racing all day. where before i'd wake up rested now i wake up with my heart racing and frequently my muscles are spasming which is scary. the thought of doing normal stuff feels impossible and i can't shake this feeling i can't get better than this ever again. i spoke to my doctor on thursday and he prescribed propranolol which i took yesterday for the first time which helped with the body stuff but my mind was still racing. has anyone experienced similar and have any tips? i feel like this is really really bad and worse than most people have anxiety.
can brain tumors cause ear problems? m 22 my problems began last july. i went on a swimming pool and got an earful of water the left one . ever since, i've had the following symptoms pain in the ear pain in the left side of my head, around the left ear, kind of above too. pain in the lower left side of my head, in a sort of bone or place behind below the left ear feeling of pressure on left side of head and left ear feeling of something liquid in the left ear sometimes a bit of tinnitus on left ear more recently, minor twitching sensation below and sometimes above left eye i've tried those drops for swimmer's ear and had my ears cleaned by a specialist. i had a persistent ear infection left ear, of course for most of december. went to an ear doctor in january and he said there was nothing he could find. still, my symptoms persist. i'm now terrified that it could be a brain tumor. what could be the cause?
anyone been able to smoke? i smoked weed for 3 years and last march 2018, i got laced with a large amount of pcp and had a near death experience not breathing, hospital, etc and since then every time i smoke i think i m dying. ever since i got laced i ve had health anxiety a headache means i have cancer, always checking myself out, my side hurts it means i have stomach cancer etc, you get it and i am coping with it as much as i can. i ve gotten a lot better than i used to be, i used to have panic attacks daily, and it s been at least 4 months since i have had one. but i can still not smoke weed, when i do smoke it resets my anxiety, last time i smoked was november of 2018 and the next 2 weeks it s like i didn t make any progress. panic attacks every day, and all of that. i ve just been wondering if anyone has been able to smoke since they developed health anxiety. also i can t drink, does the same thing.
i am doing much better! hey guys had an awful panic attack that sent me to the er back in august and started a whole slew of anxiety related problems and oh boy i don't wish this upon anyone. so i have had pretty much every symptom under the sun from anxiety and ssri medication. i could barely function, work, study, i couldn't leave the house. then the health anxiety started up and i wa sure i was dying all the time. pain would be all over the place and move around and change the type of pain. all just anxiety. life was brutal. but since we rarely see posts on this. i am doing way better!!! i feel like my normal self and honestly feel like i am a better person i am much more compassionate, sympathetic and understanding because of my experiences. and for everyone battling anxiety, i know it can feel hopeless, but you can get better. take things one day at a time. just try to do 1 thing better everyday.
is it possible to create symptoms of a sickness i m fearing? for the last few weeks i ve been obsessing over a possible brain tumor. i m 17 and i feel that my vision has gotten worse lately, especially in the dark. my eyesight was already bad without glasses i also have a lot of floaters in my sight and sometimes a green tint as if i looked and the sun and looked away quickly. i ve been tired the last couple of days even though i got plenty of sleep and sometimes when i m holding my phone it feels light for some reason, i guess i title that with light headedness. although i have experienced migraines i know this is something entirely different. symptoms i haven t felt are severe headaches, vomiting or seizures. i ve been a hypochondriac since i was a kid and i hate it and i can t help but fear these symptoms. i plan on seeing some sort of doctor in the future, but i wanted to get it off my chest now.
cervical cancer scare i am scared that i'll have cancer. i used to have abnormal paps but the last 2 which was done 3 years ago was normal . i just did one 5 weeks ago and my doctor called me today to tell me i was high grade and needed to go for a colposcopy. i'm so upset and can't stop crying or worrying. i don't know what to do to feel better. what if in those 3 years it has developed to a stage of cervical cancer or something? im so mad at myself for having unprotected sex when i was younger. i love my boyfriend so much and i want to spend the rest of my life with him and have kids. and i'm probably overreacting but what if i can't have kids or live a long happy life? i'm type 1 diabetic as well and possibly have pcos. i live a very healthy lifestyle and it all seems like such a waste right now. i just wish this was all a bad dream. have any of you have similar experience? any advice would help.
your honest opinions, please! ok, so i have struggled with hypochondria for going on three years now. last night, my girlfriend was puppy sitting for a coworker, and i stopped by to bring dinner and hang out with the cute puppy, for a while. as puppies do, he was a little bit of a biter, and at one point he got in a little deep just above my elbow on my bicep. i pulled my arm away but it dragged a little bit and drew a little blood, so i assumed it punctured the skin. he's only a few months old, and apparently he went to the veterinarian four days ago. i haven't confirmed that he got a rabies vaccination there. i think he would have, but i don't remember what all my dog got when i took him home two years ago. this puppy who bit me came from a shelter. so, please tell me honestly should i be worried about rabies? should i go to the doctor just in case? i could use a level head's perspective on this.
keflex side effects, worried about allergic reaction so yesterday i was prescribed keflex cipro for a uti. felt ok the first couple doses but i noticed on the 3rd dose i felt kind of light headed and fuzzy. took my 4th dose around 10 and about an hour ago got up from the couch and was really dizzy. it seems like it s a bit better now, i m not dizzy while sitting anymore. but i googled and started freaking out, some sites say dizziness is a common side effect and some say severe dizziness can be a sign of an allergic reaction. so i started freaking out even more and now i feel like my throat is closing up. i can drink water though, and breathe, so i m hoping that part is just my anxiety making everything worse. i m going to call the doctors office in the morning to see if i can have a different antibiotic, but of course it s the middle of the night. any advice or reassurance would be appreciated....
can a lot of strenuous intense exercise after each other in a day cause heart damage? it was more than a week ago where my heartrate was high all day. for some reason i believe i damaged my heart without feeling any significant pain. this kind of thinking is fucking scary. it sends you right down the rabbit hole of anxiety. my heart was tested extensively almost a complete year ago and it turned out well. but then i rationalize that something bad happened and my perception of my beating heart becomes clearer and clearer and i feel it more and more. i don't know what to fucking do now. i am too lazy to go to a doctor again, to test myself for the so manyth lt not a word time. but i have to.. or not? or do i.. i might die if i won't.. i'm fucking scared. normal people won't go to the doctor when they feel nothing.. or do they? what if my body is suffering in silence? oh my fucking god. i cannot die.
had a freak out at the dentist i was at the dentist to go get a cavity filled, i was somewhat nervous at first but nothing intense, it wasn t until they gave me laughing gas i started getting derealization and started feeling weird and told them to stop and take it off, after they removed it they continued and put this rubber thing in my mouth, then i started to freak out because i wasn t able to breath through my mouth because of it, and when i was breathing out through my nose it started slowing or stopping a bit because it was making my throat stop a little, then it made me gag and they had to stop the procedure, it was embarrassing but at the same time i was disappointed, i wasnt able to control myself, usually i breathe in and out through my mouth but it felt different and weird to only be able to breathe through nose. i m doing the procedure again in 6 months, i need help to calm myself down
can a lot of strenuous intense exercise after each other in a day cause heart damage? it was more than a week ago where my heartrate was high all day. for some reason i believe i damaged my heart without feeling any significant pain. this kind of thinking is fucking scary. it sends you right down the rabbit hole of anxiety. my heart was tested extensively almost a complete year ago and it turned out well. but then i rationalize that something bad happened and my perception of my beating heart becomes clearer and clearer and i feel it more and more. i don't know what to fucking do now. i am too lazy to go to a doctor again, to test myself for the so manyth lt not a word time. but i have to.. or not? or do i.. i might die if i won't.. i'm fucking scared. normal people won't go to the doctor when they feel nothing.. or do they? what if my body is suffering in silence? oh my fucking god. i cannot die.
trying to cope is killing me too... ive been isolating myself and unintentionally staying sick ulcers and other stomach problems bc its the only way the self hatred and obsessive thoughts that eat up my mind subside and also i forget easily since feeling this weak. this situation has been overextending to the point where idk how bad it is, im very swollen and dont digest properly... i have palpitations every day and a very slow heart rate. i just feel very alone and i know its not worth it to keep going like this... but i have no assistance and no one really, i know this burden shouldn't be carried by a friend but i wish i were able to give and at least have 1 relationship that works. my family is very strange and manipulative, it wasnt until now that ive been realizing a bunch of shit about them. still, i havent done anything for myself or protected my space. i dont know how to deal with this...
new panic attack symptoms hi guys , 28 male here, i have been suffering from anxiety most of my life. i had a panic disorder before 5 years ago that i treated with therapy. i also started using alcohol and it got me addicted. now im sober but the panic attack have started to come back. it all started when trying to fall asleep i got jolts that would wake me up the moment i was entering a sleep state. doctor as prescribed me 10mg lexapro and i have been on it for a week. i actually feel a little bit worse ? i also have bad pvcs heart palpitations and they are one of the worst offenders of my anxiety. this morning i had one while driving and it snowball into a panic attack, i had a completely new symptoms burning sensation in my chest. does anyone have ever feel that before ? i feel hopeless like i will never get my life back. it suck so much. like im always dancing with death. need support please
elevated liver enzymes and elevated protein in blood. i m trippin i had a comprehensive metabolic panel done to see how my potassium level was doing because of two medications i am on yaz and spironolactone . my potassium level was fine my they found elevated liver enzymes and elevated proteins in my blood. i m freaking out i know i shouldn t web md it but i can t help myself and i ve been googling it for hours now. i m a 28f, exercise daily, eat well, 135lbs, i vape, rarely drink alcohol. i have a history of drug abuse though, iv user for 2 years but i ve been clean for the last 7 and have been tested for hiv hep c when i first got sober and it was negative. i spoke w a pharmacist who said it is rare that my medications could cause this. i m wondering if it is my past drug use that is causing this? or an autoimmune disease, which runs in the family? or what? and slightly more benign causes?
i had an anxiety attack and tried to write my feelings in the form of a poem. the test as the test looms closer, my heart starts to race, it gets difficult to breath, and i'm not ready to face. i try to focus on studying, but my thoughts are a haze, time passes as i stare the page, and now i don't have enough days. i have set some expectations, and i can't see myself fail, in a state of denial, isn't there anything i can do to pervail. i push myself harder, but the pressure starts to assail. i wanna just give up, but a part of me doesn't let me abstain. the pen feels so heavy, and i can't sustain, my hands are trembling, my confidence is waning. i'm incompetent, or maybe this exam is worth nothing, it doesn't matter, right now it's the only thing for which i'm livin' who knows what'll happen if i fail,it's not easy living as someone not winning. yeah and then i failed in 2 subjects out of 5
why do i keep creating problems in my head to get freaked out about? i've had this irrational, above and beyond fear of skin cancer for like a year and a half now. i've had several moles, from the littlest freckle to big moles i've always had, that i obsess and get super paranoid about. i'm on mole 8 to freak out about. part of this is because i still get a small mole freckle i'm 23 and i get super paranoid about getting a new one even though my derm tells me that this is normal . i just went to my derm about 3 weeks ago for my annual, there was a spot on my shoulder i was freaked about, ended being a black head, she checked all my other moles and said all was good. now, i'm onto two other spots that i am irrationally losing my mind about. i'm going to see my therapist a week from today so hopefully it will help. i just don't want to deal with this anymore. i'm terrified of everything.
stomach pains so last month, i was really stressed because of college. i ate avocados the same day and got a stomach ache later. today, i got stressed again and ate avocados and got a stomach ache later in the day again. it was just very sharp abdominal pain that lasted for an hour and then subdued when i laid on my right side. the thing is, i don t know if it s stress, avocados, or something more serious causing this. it s absolutely not bowel related because i didn t need to use the bathroom. if it s avocados, that would be strange because i ate them for the past week but i was fine other than these two occasions. i m scared to see a doctor because i don t want to freak out my mom. is there anyone with insight on what this might be? i m still very young but last month my grandma had abdominal pain and found out it was colon cancer so i m panicking and i m dreading to see the doctor.
i'm so done with these thoughts i can't deal with this anymore. every ache, pain, itch or sensation is something that i'm hyperaware of. i can't go a day without thinking there's something wrong with me. every night i lie in bed wondering if i'll wake up in the morning, and every morning i dread getting up out of bed. i'm not too bad when i'm with people, it's when i'm alone with my thoughts is when they really start to manifest. i'm 19 and currently in university and this is having an impact on my work and social life. this all began after i lost my grandmother to cancer last november. seeing the struggle messed me up, and it didn't help that she died in my house and i spoke to her the night before she passed. i'm just so damn sick of this. what the hell do i do? i feel so suffocated by myself. i'm at breaking point. tldr grandmother died of cancer and now i am scared for my health.
very worried about my first blood test 22 year old male from london, england i have never had a blood test before and i have decided to bite the bullet and get one next week. i am going to be requesting a blood test on monday due to some gi problems i have had since november which started when i started taking a daily multivitamin , although have not been serious enough to warrant consulting a medical professional but not mild enough to be ignored completely. i am absolutely terrified they are going to turn around and say that i have a serious form of cancer or ibd there has not been any bleeding, fatigue or fever though . i know it's an irrational fear because i frequently exercise, 75 of my diet is healthy and i don't smoke, drink or do drugs. however, i still feel as though they are going to call me up and ask me to be at the hospital immediately. reassurance would be appreciated!
to medicate or not to medicate? hello friends. this is my first post here. i ve been admiring the confidence that you all have in sharing your concerns and stories. thank you for your honesty. i have enjoyed learning from each interesting thing that you all have to say. i have been dealing with severe health anxiety for a little over 1 year now. the destruction it has done is devastating. i am entering into a new chapter in my life with many new important roles. going back to school for my bachelors is one of them. i will need to be face to face with many of my specific fears and phobias. i ve been considering starting medication for anxiety, such as buspar. this scares me. my health anxiety is thinking of all of the possible side effects. i am tempted to do this because i want relief. counseling has only helped mildly. cbt has only helped mildly. i want to be normal again. thoughts?
when can we celebrate victory and rejoice? 26m. met my first panic attack mid august 2018. the next five month that followed were hard and you all know how it feels. i do remember there was a period in october and november when anxiety went away. i was happy, but happy too early, it came back knocking on my brain s door last month. i do remember the frustration i felt because of that. the most recent anxiety episode was on the 4th of january. i ve been feeling well for almost 2 weeks now. i do get anxiety typical bodily symptoms, but i have been better at ignoring or noticing very little of that. the what if?... thing is still in my head, but i try to reassure myself it s not logical. my question is, when can one be sure his anxieties disappeared and are not likely to reoccur? it s been a too good to be true twelve anxiety free days , but is this the case to celebrate a victory yet?
not sure if this is brain fog to clarify yes i have an anxiety disorder panic disorder. i m on no medications and am healthy and fit. been taking a break from everything including the gym because my head just feels so off and in turn makes me uncomfortable to even walk. i just want to lay down in a dark room and be alone. it s like a small pressure in the head, dissociation i m used to having dpdr alot but this feels magnified some , and i panic super easily more than before but i feel it s due to the discomfort i feel all in my head. it s like disorienting. there are times it goes away but it s definitely present mornings into afternoon. it feels unbearable to function and it s not easy to distract yourself from. when i feel like this i often experience being woken up to light palpitations and a general anxious feel in my body and then my day just feels off after that in this fog.
healthvices healthvices if you are really concerned about your health then don t even think of ignoring it as it can be the major reason for the massive rush for your health problems over it. amp x200b take the advice about your health from the usa trusted doctors. amp x200b check the link below and find the one way best solution on all the various health problems. amp x200b stop shaking your legs because all the ways are natural ways. and it s better to take action now instead of regreting later. amp x200b it includes various health problems regarding weight loss dietiery foods eye health male enhancement fat burn muscle gain anxiety ketosis and tonnes of different problems comment to me with your details if your health problem is not mentioned in the list. here is the link to it https b24 hsjavm.bitrix24.com sites site 6 view 58 https b24 hsjavm.bitrix24.com sites site 6 view 58
does anyone else unconsciously tense up clench your jaw mouth when stressed? or have other symptoms along with your anxiety? for instance, i'll always catch myself doing it if i'm stressed over like, talking to or being around people, or waiting for a doctor's appointment or things like that. does anyone else get that with their anxiety stress? i've also noticed that when i'm stressed i'm noticeably more anxious and my body shaking and thoughts and feelings overall get worse. anyone else experience these things? haha this sounds stupid but i'm posting it anyways because i'm just curious hahaha, edit i also get some brain fog not remembering things somwtimes, doesn't happen all the time, maybe a few times a a week if im particularly stressed and or anxious about something important as well, but i'm not sure if it's apart of my anxiety or if it could be something entirely different.
can abandoned old syringe needles give you hivs? age 16 sex male height 5'4 weight 100 lbs race american duration of complaint 1 day recently, was doing a small club cleanup and we've found like 6 7 syringe needles some covered w blood during our beach cleanup. however, i didn't touch them with my paper gloves at all but i've used sticks to find them. i'm starting to feel a little paranoid insecure that even though i didn't touch them at all, the club decided to keep going at it and we were still picking up sticks and cleaning the rocky side of the island. and i was wearing slippers during that cleanup and didn't get to wash my hands right away. can abandoned old syringe needles give you hivs? and is it only possible when injected? i also probably should get blood tested if only i can convince my parents they don't usually believe my suspicious concerns to schedule an appointment
rabies scare so i came upon a branch that had some porcupine quills embedded in it, and was stupid enough to pull a few out to get a better look. a managed to poke myself in the finger with one it didn't go very deep no blood and i pulled it out right away. anxiety reared its head and i was suddenly worried about exposure to rabies. i did call urgent care to see what they said. they didn't know the answer right away and had to do a bit of research. the verdict that came back was porcupines don't carry rabies, so you should be fine. i wasn't particularly confident in this assessment since porcupines can like most mammals carry and transmit rabies. i'm wondering if she was just referring to the quills. any way i'm still kind of freaking out rabies does not seem like a fun way to go. any reassurances? i'm sure people have been stuck with quills before without getting rabies, right?
did i tear my knee ligament again or am i making it up? right ,so a year and a half ago,maybe two years ago,i tore my right knee ligament while playing an sport,and after half a year i recovered fully and eventually starting being active again. then i tore it again last summer,and once again got out of rehab a few months after , however one evening when i was standing up i felt the same sudden pop and pain i felt last time....i tore it again. i'm now done with my third round of therapy,and i thought everything was fine ,but just now , i had to move quickly and then i felt a sudden pinching pain. it's not quite the pain i've felt before but i can't see it as a dumb coincidence. of course this could also be the case that i just strained it and things will get better as the day progresses and i move more but idk it should also be noted that i'm overweight by 40 pounds,18 years old
fomo from things i m not involved in does anyone else get this? recently i watched a tv show, and have become a bit obsessed with it and the relationship between the 2 main characters, both in the show and in real life. it s not even a romantic relationship, it s a father daughter type. and i have a good relationship with my dad so i m not sure where the feelings are coming from, but i can t shake them. i keep thinking about the show and how good it was, and how beautiful their relationship is. and then my social media s keep showing me edits and clips from interviews etc that just make me more interested. but i always end up feeling sad after because i m not a part of it? at least i think that s what the feeling is. i m wondering if anyone else has felt like this, and how you explain it? or what you did to move on or look at it in a more positive way. i m tired of feeling sad.
recurring chest pain with no other symptoms i ve had a lot of intense stress the past year and also suffer from an anxiety disorder, so it seems to be affecting my body a lot. i went to the er back in february because my chest hurt and i had a lot of coughing, and they did a chest x ray and ct scan and monitored my heart rate, and everything came back clean for heart issues with reassurance from the radiologist that i m very low risk for heart issues. i was diagnosed with pleurisy which was verified by my regular doctor, and got better after a couple weeks. the chest pain has seemed to linger though and my stress has not improved. i have no other symptoms with this chest pain other than anxiety that it s something bad. i m afraid to waste more money going to the hospital again since they ran tests that came back clean. could this be something i need to have checked out again?
how do i deal with sounding nervous on the phone? i recently got a job where i am now working in an office. i recently have worked in an office environment before and had to answer phone calls, and did not experience the amount of anxiety that i am experiencing now. i believe it s because now i have to follow a script and make sure i provide certain information and hit certain benchmarks etc. i ve noticed that i have a lot more anxiety and stumble on my words and give wrong information and i just want to know how i can handle that and deal with it? this is a new job. i ve only been here for about two weeks and maybe i m being too hard on myself but i really want to provide the best service and show my employers that they made a good choice, so what should i do? have any or do any of you guys work in an office and or working on call center? i would love your guys advice. thxxx
very small red lump underneath armpit just a bit of a background i have always been very self conscious of my health from worrying about the smallest symptoms, to convincing myself i had als disease. anyways, today after a good hour and a half workout i noticed right after a slight discomfort underneath my left armpit. i looked to check it out and there was a very small red bump that is somewhat tender to the touch. i don't know if this is just something minor like a pimple, cyst, etc. keep in mind i stared to mysteriously break out on my face with two pimples just this morning which is quite rare. or could it be a lymph node that has gone rouge. everywhere else on my body seems normal just this one spot on my armpit. ive been down this road before in the past, so im not freaking out about anything yet. just wondering if anyone else in here has had something similar to this?
health anxiety i've noticed that over the last year i've become super anxious when it comes mine and my loved ones health, i think it's because my husband had bells palsy early last year. since then anything will trigger me!! literally anything. i was picking at a mole didnt realize and it started bleeding and got itchy and now i have this anxious feeling in my stomach even tho i know im the one who picked at it. i feel like even though my brain is like yes u picked at, u probably dont have anything to worry about that anxious feeling in my stomach is still there. other times if i have a headache it goes to the worst outcome. i make doc appts every so often but i also don't want to be that person who shows up so frequently for nothing and waste my docs time. im really starting to feel hopeless and like im going to live with this anxious feeling forever. i guess.. any advice?
very small red lump underneath armpit just a bit of a background i have always been very self conscious of my health from worrying about the smallest symptoms, to convincing myself i had als disease. anyways, today after a good hour and a half workout i noticed right after a slight discomfort underneath my left armpit. i looked to check it out and there was a very small red bump that is somewhat tender to the touch. i don't know if this is just something minor like a pimple, cyst, etc. keep in mind i stared to mysteriously break out on my face with two pimples just this morning which is quite rare. or could it be a lymph node that has gone rouge. everywhere else on my body seems normal just this one spot on my armpit. ive been down this road before in the past, so im not freaking out about anything yet. just wondering if anyone else in here has had something similar to this?
rabies fear hello everyone, back again, this time with a rabies scare. i got a new cat about 3 months ago, and she's a community stray from kind of the outskirts of philadelphia. she's about 9 months old now and very rambunctious, and quite a cutie. however, as she is rambunctious i somehow started looking into whether or not she could have rabies. she runs around like crazy, rolls around a lot, and loves biting me. like, loves biting me. definitely drawn blood a few times, no infections due to careful cleaning after. i read that rabies usually shows 2 3 months after infection, and upwards of a year, so theoretically if she was bitten before i got her she's 100 an indoor cat now she could start showing symptoms. is it at all possible, or am i being a doof? also, should mention, got her all of her shots after taking her in. not sure if that matters for rabies. thank you all!
65mg of elemental iron a day for the last week in preparation for donating blood. now i m worried that i m gonna die from iron toxicity. i m a 20 year old female who typically has lower than normal iron. not concerningly low, just on the low end of average. our college is hosting a blood drive in a few days so i bought some iron supplements about a week ago because i once told the nurse that i m often rejected due to low iron and the nurse said that a lot of people take iron supplements about a week before they donate. well the supplements i bought are 65mg of elemental iron per pill. i started taking them before researching a safe dose because i didn t think you could od on iron yes very dumb . after taking one pill a day for about a week i found out that the maximum safe dosage before toxicity occurs is 45mg a day. so now i m worried that i m going to die of iron toxicity
health anxiety a hypochondriac s guide a new podcast! hello everybody, as a longtime reader and occasional poster on this here sub, i just wanted to let you know about a new podcast episode i ve recorded, in which i discuss my experience with health anxiety. i also share things that helped me overcome and deal with this often hellish condition. the episode can be found here on itunes. https itunes.apple.com gb podcast heavy mental podcast id1454724561?mt 2 we re also on spotify too just look up heavy mental . i m also the dude that wrote about health anxiety in a blog post, which i think some of you might ve already read? you can read the blog post that i reference during the podcast here. https rhysowenking.wordpress.com 2018 03 04 healthanxiety i hope everyone s having a good day and holding up okay. keep going, if i can do this, you can do this. thanks for looking. rhys
can you feel your heart beat in your lower back?? this keeps happening and it s scary, because everything online tells me it s an anyuerism and i m going to die. i m 19, average build maybe 160 pounds? and 5 5. i don t smoke and have no history of this in my family, and no heart problems i know of. the pulsing is quite hard and almost feels like someone tapping me in time with my pulse, that s how hard it feels. when i have loose fitting clothes i can feel it pulse against that, or if i m sat against a leather chair or laying on my back i can feel it, sometimes it s to the right other times it s to the left. i want to go to a amp e but my mum won t listen and says it s just my anxiety, but i ve never had this before. i can t drive so i m just stuck and feel like i m waiting for it to burst suddenly, it s been like this for a week and is progressively more apparent each day
diarrhea...every single night! so in the past couple of years, i ve shit the bed while sleeping, three times...after the second time, i figured out i d had a stomach ache prior to going to bed. so then i started taking imodium anytime i had the slightest stomach ache before bed. it s gotten to be less and less effective at stopping it, and even had a breakthrough accident recently, even after taking ten or 12 pills before bed! i take a lot of sleep meds due to severe insomnia, so when i wake up from it, i can barely shower and change sheets without a dangerous fall. the anxiety what s going to happen when imodium ceases to work at all?? oh. not to mention i can never even look for another so again... also why is it happening just at night?? i don t get diarrhea during the day! i m actually somewhat constipated during the day! what is happening to me?! what could this be?!
oh boy a swollen lymph node. i spent five years absolutely convinced my ibs was a sign of some horrible bowel cancer. kept putting off any screening colonoscopy for fear of the procedure and for fear i d be right. finally got it done and woo nothings wrong! turns out my anxiety was actually 90 of the cause behind horrible intestinal upset for yeaaars. so that subsides finally and i can get back to normal . til now. about a week ago i discovered a swollen what i presume to be a lymph node on my upper thigh groin crease area. about the size of a grape, hard and moveable. doesn t hurt until i start messing with it. i ve had a lymph node in my neck that swells up occasionally happening since childhood apparently it s normal and it feels like that. so cool guess i m going right back down into the anxiety that i m gonna die. doesn t help my mother had lymphoma no blood relation
please help, i'm mentally breaking down slowly. am i going insane? i dont know why but i keep worrying about having a hormone issues, i have some symptoms of low testosterone, low ring finger i dont see any men i ever met ever having a short ring finger , puffy nipples that developed over time. i'm docile and weak and i'm isolated 24 7. i keep telling my mom of the symptoms i have and we went to a doctor before and i just told them to test my testosterone around 2 pm and they said it was normal! i later realized i had gyno but not enough to be noticeable at all i juts have puffy nipples but she wont take me to the doctor again to ask him about it. am i just going insane or something? i don't like the idea of having hormone issues but i may have it. i have abnormally big shoulders, skinny wrists and i have some normal body hair but it just come in and i'm turning 18 soon.
beginning a week of no googling today! anyone want to join? title pretty much sums it up. after reading some inspirational posts on here from people who conquered their battles with ha, i noticed one of the biggest things they said helped was to stop googling symptoms. so, i m starting small. one week of no googling. i ve already had the urge about 5 times since i woke up 3 hours ago, lol, but i m fighting through it. i will be updating this post everyday to say whether i succeeded or not for that given day to keep myself honest. i would absolutely love if people on this sub would join me in this challenge . if you feel comfortable joining and commenting below that you are doing so, that would be amazing! i think having a sense of community and camaraderie is extremely important. i hope this post isn t breaking any rules! if so, i apologize and will edit accordingly.
chest pains and limb numbness cardiac ischemia possible for f24? i'm female, 24 years old and i've been chronically experiencing most of the symptoms describing cardiac ischemia. for a few years, but more often lately. i have no issue of being overweight rather almost underweight , and generally i don't seem like the type who'd have heart problems. i rarely smoke, don't drink. but i do go through a lot of emotional stress, am very depressed, and i don't move enough, spending a lot of time at home in bed. when i'm depressed, i often wake up full of anxiety, feeling like i'm almost having a heart attack. i know that i should probably do an ecg asap to know for sure, but i will only be able to do it in a couple of months. but i was wondering if it's my heart or something else, because i feel like its unlikely for a woman of my age and complexion to have heart problems?
health anxiety germs worry tonight i met with a friend that i haven t seen in a long time. we had a great time, had a few beers and chatted loads. we then decided to have a cigarette. yes i know it s bad but it s been a while since we had one and we were having a good time so went ahead with it. i accidentally dropped mine on the street and proceeded to pick it up and smoked it anyway. it s probably a few seconds after dropping and the pavement is on a relatively quiet area but still in a public areas. i didn t think much of it but after a few hours i m sitting here worried. i am afraid that i might ve caught something from smoking the cigarette dropped on the pavement. i ve always been a bit germaphobe so this is making my thoughts worse. i can t sleep anyone here ever tried smoking a cigarette dropped on the floor? sorry for the rant . just can t stopped worrying.
my health anxiety is spiralling i just got back from an eye check up for a new set of contact lenses and the optometrist told me my eyes are healthy and i just have a few eye freckles they re on the whites of my eyes and are light grey . after the appointment, knowing he said my eyes were fine, i went into a rabbit hole and googled eye freckles and found out that in rare circumstances they can turn cancerous. i felt sick to my stomach and want to go back to an optometrist to get them removed but i know i m sending myself into a spiral. it s been about two hours now and i m starting to calm down about it all, trying to tell myself that if anything was wrong i would be told. but i hate this. my brain has to focus on the worst outcome possible. planning to speak to somebody about my healthy anxiety because i feel like it s getting worse as time goes on. but it sucks.
hardcore health anxiety lymph nodes, etc my first health anxiety type was brain tumor. then it was lung cancer, throat cancer, breast cancer i am male, 21 , testicle cancer, then again lung cancer, again breast cancer. after that it was lung cancer again then once i found out what lymph nodes are, i started to search for them and found multiple. wow. couldn't get worse. couple months ago i would press hard on my ribs to feel if something hard that i felt is actually a rib or lymph node. i would spend hours rubbing ribs. it caused so much pain. it's been 3 years since i started to worry about lymph nodes and what gives me a huge relief is a thought if it was something cancerous, i would for sure have more symptoms, which i dont . i am 21, male, gained 16 kilograms in the past 2 years, went to gym, etc. and i don't think i could do that if i had a terminal illness
magnesium for anxiety related heart palpitations? i have heart palpitations that i ve been to a cardiologist about for years and have always been told they re just a result of anxiety. i hear of people having heart palpitations during panic attacks or while feeling anxious, but i have them all day everyday no matter how calm or regular the moment is. i suppose underlying anxiety is still there, as i m a jittery person naturally. but they re annoying and distracting. i tried a beta blocker but it did absolutely nothing, my cardiologist says anxiety meds might help but i m nervous to take any pills i don t have to. i heard magnesium helps with heart palpitations but i know nothing about it, how much is good versus bad, what form to take it in, etc any info is appreciated! anyone alleviate heart palpitations with magnesium? i d love to hear about your experience.
stomach ulcer concerns been anxious for a while about this. i fear i have a stomach ulcer. to keep things, i will have random spasms across the abdomen with a sense of feeling hungry at night. sometimes dull pain will be there and i belch often enough. i can get gassy but it is not prominent. it isnt a burning pain and it doesnt interrupt my sleep. i will feel nauseous after eating at times but not always. stools are fairly normal. light brown that sinks. no vomitting as of yet. fatigue nothing out of the ordinary. i will feel some sort of ache on the breastbones, arms and knees but the latter two not every day. i will have lower back pain but only at my job that requires a lot of standing and easily relieved with exercise. i do not have back pain at home or when moving. only by standing at work am i being a nervous nick or os there genuine concern to be had?
anxiety i m a 25 year old male overall healthy, i have been suffering anxiety and panic attacks for about 6 years now. i got on prozac about 2 years ago and it s helped tremendously. i get anxious here and there. i ve gone to a whole bunch of doctors before the prozac to all tell me i m fine. cardiologist, neurologist , ent etc. the other day i was at the pediatrician for my daughter and i started feeling somewhat antsy and hot and then i started sweating, feeling dizzy, felt short of breath, i thought i would pass out. i freaked out and didn t calm down until i left about 30 mins later. i m worried if i have a heart issue or if this just goes back to it being anxiety? i recently did bloodwork 3 weeks ago everyrhing came out fine except my cholesterol being minor elevated which i m taking care of already and eating super clean. let me know what you guys think
failed driving test amp i think i have a terrible disease or cancer my health anxiety had gotten better, but since february i thought i had lymphoma skin itching for no reason, no rash , which then turned to thinking i had ovarian or colon cancer constipation tenesmus, heartburn, and bloating . then today i woke up feeling how you feel when you have the cold flu lots of fatigue, body aches, headache, maybe slight fever, not sure? also my period started, so i m feeling extra crappy. and to top it all off, i failed my drivers test for the 2nd time. i have a doctors appointment tomorrow, and i don t even know where to start. or if i should just ask to be referred to a therapist. i guess i just needed to put it all into words. i just want to go to sleep and wake up somewhere different, living a different life. my life is shitty for other reasons not posted here
terrified of heart disease ever since i learned that heart attacks are preceded by jaw and arm pain, i've been walking around in a state of constant paranoia. because i have asthma, chest pain tightness is something i like with daily, so throw these things together and you have a recipe for an anxious mess. eating is a nightmare. every time i eat something even mildly unhealthy handful of salted peanuts, for example i can feel the sodium and cholesterol in my chest, coursing through my veins around my heart. i know that i'm just being anxious, but damn if it doesn't wig me the hell out. i got an ekg last summer and multiple ct scans including one in december , none of which have indicated heart problems. my blood pressure's a little high, but other than that, i'm technically fine. i know that everyone else on this sub deals with this, but damn does it suck.
help with your hiv, std anxiety i recently got a full std test done which included blood work for hiv and syphilis, and let me tell you i haven t felt anxiety like this in a good while. i was constantly checking my online health portal and refreshing my email to see if my results came in. the whole week was nothing but dread. because of my depression and anxiety i have engaged in some risky and self destructive behavior in the past. last night night results came in clean and negative thankfully! i just wanted to share an article with you that really helped me and puts things in to perspective. i really hope this helps and makes things better for those of you in a similar situation. be safe and get tested and you will be fine i promise! life goes on and is too short to be spent worrying. enjoy! your honest to god guide to stds https markmanson.net std guide
could i have chronic appendicitis? hello, i found this subreddit yesterday and it kinda makes me feel good that i know i'm not alone. about 3 days ago, i started to feel pain in my lower right abdomen. i only felt it when i was moving and coughing. yesterday 2nd day of pain it started to hurt more about 6 10 . today it's better, but i still feel it. i didn't feel any pain when i touched it, but today i feel it a little, even when it's better when moving coughing. i am scared of what it could be. do you think it's normal to feel this kind of constant pain for 3 days straight? btw i was on 4 sets of antibiotics last 2 3 months, i was even hospitalized because of 10kg weight loss, but it was probably due to mononucleosis i had. all tests in hospital went fine. thanks for answers! i'm really scared that i have some serious condition, like all of us, of course.
could i have chronic appendicitis? hello, i found this subreddit yesterday and it kinda makes me feel good that i know i'm not alone. about 3 days ago, i started to feel pain in my lower right abdomen. i only felt it when i was moving and coughing. yesterday 2nd day of pain it started to hurt more about 6 10 . today it's better, but i still feel it. i didn't feel any pain when i touched it, but today i feel it a little, even when it's better when moving coughing. i am scared of what it could be. do you think it's normal to feel this kind of constant pain for 3 days straight? btw i was on 4 sets of antibiotics last 2 3 months, i was even hospitalized because of 10kg weight loss, but it was probably due to mononucleosis i had. all tests in hospital went fine. thanks for answers! i'm really scared that i have some serious condition, like all of us, of course.
how to deal with anxiety caused by new in site job? i had pretty bad problems with anxiety a couple of years ago, but i managed to get better. for the last couple of years, i worked remotely, my job was calm and my colleagues were nice. two weeks ago i started a new office job. at first, felt just drained mentally and physically and i thought that this was just me adjusting to my new lifestyle, but now i feel how my anxiety is back. being locked in a small room the whole day surrounded by people that i don't know has taken a tow on my mental health. and this in only 2 weeks! i have the option to work someday of the week remotely, but i was hoping to be in the office until i get a grasp of what are my day to day tasks. so do you have any advice on how i can deal with this for at least a couple more weeks until i feel comfortable getting an home office day?
anxiety about being a share house so i'm a pretty anxious person but when i'm out and about i can sort of just deal with it. but when i'm at home and living with strangers i find it really hard to come out of my room to just do normal things like cook if they are in the kitchen or going to the bathroom while someone is around. it's really frustrating because i feel like i just sit and fester with it in my room but i just get too anxious to leave. my home is somewhere i need to be most comfortable so i'm finding it a bit debilitating not feeling comfortable. so does anyone have some tips for me to build up the courage to just become a normal roommate. i've tried making conversation with the person i'm living with but they didn't really seem interested so i think that has made more anxious. but yeah if anyone has any help that would be greatly appreciated
stomach worries i've always suspected i had ibs but my symptoms wouldn't flare up enough for me to really consider it. last week i was getting pregnancy scares because my stomach felt like it was moving. i quickly took a test and it was negative. then a couple days after i got a sore throat and stomach ache and sinus congestion. this has set me off big time, worst i have had it since 2015. my stomach aches after eating anything and i'm not popping that much. my tummy feels like i've done a hundred sit ups and i don't know whether it's my anxiety manifesting into physical feelings or my stomach is telling me something serious is up. this is really starting to get to me and i'm so petrified of the the doctors, the thought that i should just go and get some reassurance is scaring me too. i comfort ate last night and that set my stomach off obviously. erghh
on the verge of falling back into this hey guys. so let me just start off with a bit of background. i ve had health anxiety my entire life. i m a 21 year old male and about a year ago, it for really really bad. every. single. day for about 3 months i fears als, brain tumors, stomach cancer and esophageal cancer. it was awful. well i managed to get past that and i joined the army, finished my basic and job training schools and went home for the holidays. well, the past few days i ve been having some stomach discomfort and i was even in the hospital a week ago because of the pain they told me it was just acid and the antacid they gave me seemed to fix the problem. now i m extremely nervous, i m so close to googling stomach cancer symptoms and i haven t yet. i know if i do everything will come unraveled but i m having trouble fighting this. what do i do?
heart palpitations stopped empty feeling hello everybody! i've been dealing with cardiophobia for 2 months now, ever since i went to the er for a fast heartrate that wouldn't stop. everything is fine with my heart, i've had loads of ekgs, chest x rays, and bloodwork done. the month following, however, i could always feel my heartbeat in my chest. i would often put my hand on my chest to feel it beat to calm me down. i got put on anxiety meds and now my heartbeat isn't palpitating like it was, in fact, i only feel my heartbeat in my wrist pulse now. it's fine, i guess that's normal, but ever since it's stopped i've had this empty feeling in my chest. it's probably psychological, but it makes me nervous sometimes that i can't feel anything there. thanks for listening to me, if anybody else has any wisdom or similar experiences, i'd love to hear it!
lumps and bumps i just need somewhere to let this out. i have a skin disorder called hidradenitis suppurativa hs . it s pretty mild for hs, and the last few years it s gotten much better. i have also noticed a couple of cysts. on the back of my head, my ankle, and on the batwing area of my arm. doctors have looked at the cysts and told me they re nothing to worry about, but i can t stop worrying that it s something else or that having these cysts means i m developing others in dangerous spots my brain or lungs. i stupidly looked up diseases that are cooccurring with hs thinking it would make me feel better if i saw that people with hs are just more likely to develop some benign cysts and it mentioned thyroid disorder which i have and lymphoma and heart disease which i am constantly terrified about . talk me down. anyone else have stuff like this?
severe guilt does anyone else feel an overwhelming amount of guilt when feeling angry at other people? i think it may partially be rooted in my abandonment issues but recently my boyfriend had been kinda dickish but i never brought anything up cuz i kept convincing myself that it was my fault and that it s not a big deal and i m being too dramatic. i brought it up finally at my tipping point and he said something that really hurt my feelings also dickish and i asked if i could have some space before we talked again. at the beginning it was fine but now i m starting to feel it again, i m scared i m being too needy for him and that when i tell him i can talk he s gonna tell me he realized he doesn t like me so much anymore and we should breakup. rationally i doubt this is gonna happen but i can t help but thinking it s my fault?!? i feel so guilty.
intense body aches from aftermath of a common cold so basically 8 days ago, i caught the common cold and was hit with the usual 3 sore throat, cough and runny nose. during the course of the sickness, i experienced sweating at night and joint pains. fast forward to today, i no longer have the 3 symptoms, i might even add that i feel recovered! however, the oddity is that the body aches and joint pains still lingers as if i was sick and it has been affecting my sleep. if i were to describe the pain, it feels like it's my entire body with the most painful part being my rib torso area. i was wondering if this is normal ? any thoughts? i might add that during the course of the sickness, i coughed really heavily and battled pretty bad yellow phlegm production loads of it so my uneducated ass might think that the pain stems from me overworking myself?
worried about possible petechiae so for the past few weeks i ve been having these tiny, pinprick sized red or sometimes brown dots appear on my skin. of course the anxious side of my brain has decided that i m dying of leukemia or some other cancer, even though i have no other symptoms that point towards it. what s especially odd is that these spots appear in certain areas and then go away after a few days. the first time they appeared was on my right hand and arm after i spent the night with my girlfriend. after about two days they went away. now there s some of these little spots on my right foot and ankle, and seemingly nowhere else on my body. anyone else have something like this occur? i ll probably see my doctor in a few days and see what she thinks, but until then that anxious part of me is absolutely certain that i m a dead man walking.
intense body aches from aftermath of a common cold so basically 8 days ago, i caught the common cold and was hit with the usual 3 sore throat, cough and runny nose. during the course of the sickness, i experienced sweating at night and joint pains. fast forward to today, i no longer have the 3 symptoms, i might even add that i feel recovered! however, the oddity is that the body aches and joint pains still lingers as if i was sick and it has been affecting my sleep. if i were to describe the pain, it feels like it's my entire body with the most painful part being my rib torso area. i was wondering if this is normal? any thoughts? i might add that during the course of the sickness, i coughed really heavily and battled pretty bad yellow phlegm production loads of it so my uneducated ass might think that the pain stems from me overworking myself?
heart anxiety is back thanks to weird arm pains my anxiety is back. this time, this weird arm pain that extends from my elbow to my hand is triggering it. logically, i know that it's likely due to the fact that i tend to lean on my left arm, but my brain keeps telling me well, what if it isn't? the pain usually happens when i'm resting my arm on my leg or have it bent to some capacity it happened about 5 or so times during an hour video game session , but i've been lying in bed and it hasn't happened since. it doesn't seem to get worse with exertion either, as i run and do other cardio and weights at least 4 times a week. it just comes and goes seemingly at random. i want to believe it's nothing wrong and it's a nerve thing at worse. my mind won't let me. to it, any arm pain like this is impending doom. i just wish i could shake this feeling.
had a massive panic attack 2 days ago and now the my anxiety symptoms are all starting to come back. idk what to do anymore i am currently stressing atm and am at a loss for what to do. im just sitting and now the left half of my body feels like it s going numb, i feel like my thoughts are racing and i even have head tightness. even been having some tingling as well. i am super stressed now and don t know what to do anymore, for the past few months i managed to return to somewhat being able to do most of the things i used to regularly be able to do before i had my first major panic attack a year and a half ago. after the panic attack 2 days ago i don t feel the same, idk if this half numb feeling with the tingling and calf pain is because of the effects of anxiety or if it s anything to do with dp, my mind keeps going blank and i m at a loss.
thankful to have found this sub i just stumbled upon this sub and i came here to say i am so thankful that it exists. i have been suffering from health anxiety and death centered panic disorder since i was 7 years old. i was so young that i had absolutely no idea what panic attacks were and concluded that there was something medically wrong with me causing my symptoms. this is where my health anxiety began. i wasn't able to fully be a child as i spent 8 years fearing for my life in silence thinking i was dying of this ailment or that ailment, i was too afraid to tell my parents. since then, i am a 23 year old, going to therapy and taking medications and working out my issues. it is so relieving to see that there are other people out there like me dealing with the same issues and who understand. i wish you all peace and strength in your fight!
i m deathly afraid of getting a brain aneurysm my mother died from one when i was a baby, and i never really realized what it was until recently. since then i ve researched it, learned that if you have a history of them in your family you re more likely to get one. now i m just dreading randomly getting a head ache, or just pop! then i m dead. sometimes i can t even sleep at night because i m scared that it could happen while i m asleep or it could happen the next day and that this night would be my last and i wouldn t even know it! i m thinking about going to the doctor to get a scan, but my step mom says that i should only get one if i experience any all of these symptoms loss of balance, double vision, and loss of consciousness. thing is i m worried that i may not even get to that point and just outright die on the spot randomly one day.
having panic attacks in one specific class? i ve suffered from anxiety since middle school, and i ve definitely always had the hardest time with it in classroom settings. i m in college now, and i ve never really noticed my anxiety in any of my classes until now. i have one class that, because attendance is required and i have to make a bit of a scene to exit, has suddenly started making me extremely anxious. i find that i suddenly can t breathe and feel like i m about to pass out, even when i m sitting down. it got so bad yesterday that i had to leave, and i skipped class this morning too. after having a full blown panic attack in that class last night, i now have intense anxiety about returning. skipping isn t an option anymore, but i m so afraid of having another panic attack in there. any advice is much appreciated, thank you so much!
feeling of something stuck in throat hi all. i m very new to reddit and i ve been having the worst day. i ve been having bpd flair ups all day and around night time i was eating dinner, stir fry with vegetables soft ones . i had a feeling that a soft veggie peel got stuck in my throat. no matter what i did it wouldn t come out. long story short trigger warning for some.. i made myself throw up to get it out. i saw some come out but then my throat still felt like there was a lump in it. i called a nurse and she said as long as i am breathing and can swallow which i always could i m fine but its just feeling like there something stuck and that i ll choke in my and die. anyone else had this feeling? could this be all in my head? i hate healthy anxiety. i ve been having panic attacks all night. just feels like there s a lump in my throat now.
fear of hitting people to preface, i am not clinically diagnosed with anxiety. however, i'd like to think that there's something going on in my brain that's resemblant of anxiety. i'm not sure where else to post this, so my apologies if this is an inappropriate subreddit to do so. i've come to realize that i have a deep fear of hitting people. i don't believe this was induced by anything during my childhood i led quite a happy, normal one. however, i've recently realized that i would never hit someone even if it came down to self defense, and it's quite deterring. i simply can't bring myself to cause direct physical damage to someone it feels like my muscles just disintegrate on me and my brain is doing everything possible to convince myself not to hit them. i don't know if i'm overthinking this or if this is something of genuine concern?
legit anxiety and health anxiety so im roughly 50 lbs over weight id really like to get in shape, here is where the problem comes in i have legit anxiety as well as health anxiety. so excersizing is really hard for me. because every time i excersize my body temp goes up and my heart rate goes up which its suposed to but my paranoia kicks in and i start thinking about heart attacks and i start to freak out and panic. its making losing weight really hard, but i know if i dont lose the weight thats also a problem.. so its a really conflicting position to be in. my diet is a lot better than its ever been, im making much better choices but its not perfect by any means. and im always improving on it. so what should i do? any tricks to staying calm during excersize? how can i get over the feeling of dread when my body temp and heart rare go up?
evening ha into sleepless night around 8pm i had that familiar chest pain. a deep burning ache on the right side of my chest. i had a crappy nights sleep the night before, approx 4 hours, and was so tired all day. but with the anxiety tonight, every time i would start to fall asleep i would wake up suddenly. jolted wide awake. i ve watched qvc, twitch streams, parks and rec. i ve done calm.com, youtube sleep hypnosis and chatted on pacifica. i ve read my book and meditated. nothing helped tonight and i ve literally slept zero minutes. my alarm will go off in one hour and i m horrified about what tomorrow will be like. i have four children who need rides starting at 7am and ending at 8 30pm. i have a job where i have responsibilities to my coworkers. please tell me that i m going to be alright. sorry to whine i m just really discouraged.
fainted during a blood test last year, need some advice hi all, i never had an issue with needles, no fear whatsoever. i got bloodtests regulary. i had a bloodtest last year, and i'm very pale and the nurse had issues finding a vein. anyway, she just stuck it in and said oops i felt a sharp pain up my left arm, she must have pierced a nerve. i felt light headed and sick and next thing i woke up a few minutes later lay down on the bed, i passed out it was the weirdest experience as it's never happened before. i need to have another blood test soon and i keep putting it off out of fear of this happening again. are there any meds that can help? amp x200b i have diazepam and propranolol, not sure which one would help. my doctor gave me diazepam before i was last supposed to have one, but i cancelled. any advice would be greatly appreciated
fear of changing job and bettering myself so i've worked crappy dead end jobs for the past 10 years, and i'm just sick of this life. i'm sick of getting bitched at by customers while making very low money. i don't want to do this anymore. i want to finally find a job that pays well and that doesn't make me want to die by the end of the week. i've been apply to pretty much anything at this point and i was finally able to get an interview for a supply chain job. its entry lvl and the pay is low, but its way higher than what i make atm so i want it. the only problem is that since i've never had a real or difficult job, i'm scared that i won't be able to land it, and if i do somehow land it, i'm worried that i'll end up messing up and getting fired. how do i get rid of this fear? my interview is on friday and i'm panicking hard right now.
wall of eye floaters help so i have floaters. evident by the fact i'm posting here. whether they stay or go away in a few years, i don't care. 23, so i have all the time to wait. one thing that i've recently noticed though is that when i almost close my eyes completely and look up at the sky during the day, i can see an entire faint sheet of what i assume is the liquid my floaters are in, and i can see the entire field of my vision is in what essentially looks like a very faint wall of bubbly protiens and crap. when my eyes are wide open it's harder to see but in the sky i can still ever so slightly notice it. my question is, has anyone had this along with the more prominent floaters and did the wall eventually go away? i don't mind the individual ones but having literally all my vision be through this murky shit is stressing me out.
dry heaving i ve been dealing with a really complex personal issue involving heartbreak loss of a person i deeply care about certainly the worst pain i ve experienced in my life thus far. as it stands, i already carry a level of anxiety with me, but with this added on to it, my body has been putting me through hell. i find myself dry heaving hard in the mornings especially, and then at times throughout the day. this has led to some really painful vomiting on several occasions. its also occurred at my workplace, the gym, and several other public places without warning. i know there s absolutely a psychosomatic part of all of this, but after almost three weeks, it s becoming really problematic for me. has anyone experienced something similar? is this just something i have to power through? are there any tricks to at least minimize it?
is anyone else's anxiety fueling your depression because nothing seems to work? everyone says try drinking more water. doesn't work. try changing your diet. doesn't work. deep breathing exercises? doesn't work. try exercising . kinda works but it comes back shortly after my workout. l theanine? heard great things about it. makes my anxiety worse. oh what about magnesium glycinate? makes my anxiety worse. the only thing that helps me personally other than prescription drugs which i am trying to stay away from is hiking in nature on a sunny day. but even then, as soon as i leave, it comes back. i know everyone's symptoms are different but shortness of breath is the main symptom i experience. even saying a sentence these days i feel out of breathe. i wish i can destroy the parts of my brain that trigger anxiety every second i'm alive.
doctor doesn't know what's wrong mri canceled over the past month i've experienced pulsatile tinnitus in one ear along with ear and headaches. some days i feel no symtoms, others it's horrible but the pulsing sound remains. i also feel this weird tingling on the side of my head same as the effected ear . i also have this weird feeling, like i'm on a strong pain pill. though, when i go outside i don't feel nearly as bad honestly, being inside starts alot of my symtoms. the doctor believes it's idiopathic intracranial hypertension or a venal issue. may i add that when i press on the area around my jugular, the sound fades or if i lay on the side that pulses it all goes away as well. i have yet to have a mri, as it was canceled i'm scared it's a tumor, please help. my mind has been racing for a week on what this may be. i'm 18 female
travel anxiety hi all! long time anxiety sufferer, first time poster. i am diagnosed bipolar with generalized anxiety disorder. due to a history of substance abuse i cannot take benzos which severely hinders my ability to be treated with medicine. knowing that background, i have severe travel anxiety. tomorrow i have to travel to nyc from ct which is a literal train ride plus the subway to get downtown and i am in a panic. part of it is leaving my baby for the first time since i had him 9 months ago but a bigger part is that i just hate traveling. the crowds, the unknown, the potential of getting lost it all sends me in a tailspin. does anyone have any tips to ease me a bit? i ve already mapped out my route and gone over and over it. i ve thought of alternatives uber, taxis if the subway feels to overwhelming . what else can i do?
how to stay calm when my whole body goes numb? hey guys, so one of my anxiety symptoms that sometimes happens is that large parts of my body just go completely numb, mostly my arms, legs, chest, neck and face. right now it's happening again and even though i know that it's most likely just my anxiety, my brain knows that numb nerve problem, and that's what i can't get out of my head i am so worried that one day i actually do have something with my nerves, but i ignore it thinking it's just anxiety and then i stay permanently numb because i didn't go see a doctor.... and what if one day i have a stroke and just try to ignore it because oooh anxiety how am i supposed to know the difference between my brain tricking me and an actual emergency?? i'm trying to calm down, but i keep touching my numb parts to feel if they are still numb
dad's very sick my dad had a heart attack 3 days back, and now has a neuro complication. a surgery has been done, but he is very week. he wishes to talk, but he has ventilator tubes and nasal tube for food. everything happened very suddently. he doesn't even know what is happening. i can't look at him like this. my heart is crying for him. i feel very anxious on what's going to happen, how will he recover. my overthinking is not helping me. but at the same time i know i should not be emotional, as that would affect my health and might not be able to help him better. please could you advise how can i keep my emotions aside? i love my father a lot, can't see him like this, alone in the icu, comfused on what is happening around him he must be so scared, just typing this makes me cry. please help, i wish to stay strong and help him.
does anyone, else have weird feelings everyday? f14 15 i get them, everyday, and it's honestly pretty scary because i think, i'm probably dying etc, or i'm gonna abruptly, end up in a hospital, but i been stressed for years since my dad passed away..ive been through a lot so i can't tell if it's because of that or not. does anyone know what, i mean? amp x200b i think, ive been getting heart palpitations, even when my heart is slow. but the thing is, is that i can drink, and eat without throwing up., i'm not in any bad pains anywhere. but my hair is falling out, and my memory is kinda bad. but i have been, getting weird feelings everyday and i don't know what to do.. and i'm pale because i never go outside. amp x200b amp x200b but i do have, lots of posts on here, so if you wanna you can check them, they will explain kinda a lot.
has therapy helped you? hi guys, i just found this sub. i've had health anxiety my whole life, but as of the past year it's gotten so much worse and it's really ruining my life. i feel like i have symptoms of ocd mixed in as well. there is always something i'm worried about, and i suffer from intrusive thoughts regarding exposure to disease carcinogens etc extremely often. it has given me some kind of solace scrolling through this sub and seeing i'm not alone. i really would like to see a therapist regarding this issue, and i'm wondering if any of you have done the same with positive results. are any of you prescribed medication as well? i'm not keen on medication but i would take it if deemed necessary. tldr i'm looking to get professional help. has professional help helped to effectively treat your issues with health anxiety?
ha relapse. feeling helpless. could use some positive vibes hey friends. unfortunately my ha has come back full force. after a brief time of stillness and calmness a friend passed away and at the same time i was dealing with a minor neck injury. now my ha has completely spiralled out of control again. with obsessions ranging from heart disease, to brain cancer and aneurism. this is my third or fourth relapse with ha. feeling extremely anxious and so so hyper aware of my body right now. every pain, twitch, movement is highly examined... google is my best friend and enemy right now. i cannot stop thinking i am sick. and that i will die. it s horrible. anyone who has had a bad relapse with ha can understand what i am going through right now. just looking for some calming words, stories, anything right now. much love ha community.
thought it might be helpful what symptoms has your ha given you? i have seen so many helpful posts about people saying theyve had xyz from anxiety that people are fearing something serious so thought it might be useful to share the symptoms we thought were something but that turned out to be anxiety sorry if one exists i couldn t find one mine are muscle twitches and hand tremors lightheaded ness dizzy feeling of feeling balance weird pressure in my ears insomnia or super deep sleep where i wake up feeling exhausted feeling outside myself feeling shaky and weak feeling sick feeling fatigued apparently my slight blurry vision most prevalent when reading text on the tv it kind of ghosts a little is down to anxiety too but that s the one i m obsessing about at the the moment and not quite convinced on! what symptoms have you had?
water slide this is going to sound so stupid lol but basically i am going to centre parcs with my boyfriend soon and he really wants to go on the tropical cyclone water slide. i have been on it twice, a couple months back at a different centre parcs and i was ok i did panic and stop breathing the first time, the second time i only stopped breathing for a second lol. anyways i m basically asking for advice because i am so worried about this i m losing sleep and i literally think about it everyday. on the bus a couple days ago my chest felt really heavy and my throat felt all small because i was just thinking about going on the slide. it s so annoying as i don t want to seem boring and i ll be sad if i don t go on it, however i am terrified! not even that scared of the slide more scared of the panic. i hate my brain. any advice?
worried about colon cancer... again. hey all long story short i ve been worried i have colon cancer for like 5 years now with months of not worrying alternating with weeks of major anxiety. i m 24 m 190 pounds and have struggled with blood on the toilet paper every few months. about a year ago i went to urgent care to try and remedy my worry, had a digital rectal exam that the doctor said was totally normal which relieved me for all of about a month. for the last few months i ve felt like i finally beat my worry and today i went and had like 2 little drops of blood on the wipe i used even after a relatively soft and easy to pass stool. so now i m here, trying to decided if i should pay up and have a colonoscopy or if i m just letting my anxiety get to me again. anybody else have this fear or any advice for someone who does?
worried about colon cancer... again. hey all long story short i ve been worried i have colon cancer for like 5 years now with months of not worrying alternating with weeks of major anxiety. i m 24 m 190 pounds and have struggled with blood on the toilet paper every few months. about a year ago i went to urgent care to try and remedy my worry, had a digital rectal exam that the doctor said was totally normal which relieved me for all of about a month. for the last few months i ve felt like i finally beat my worry and today i went and had like 2 little drops of blood on the wipe i used even after a relatively soft and easy to pass stool. so now i m here, trying to decided if i should pay up and have a colonoscopy or if i m just letting my anxiety get to me again. anybody else have this fear or any advice for someone who does?
looking at my computer causes sickness amp pressure. is this anxiety??? for the past two months ive been dealing with the worst anxiety due from insomnia. but this is not my first bout with this. ive dealt with this back in 2010. i wanted to ask. does anyone get these weird terrible feelong or pain in your body when you look at your computer screeen??? its like a pain in the throat all the way down going into the chest area??? its like a weird mild pressure on your body. it feels like reys coming out the computer. i ahvent felt this in years. i forgot how i got better because it was so long ago. back then i thought i needed glasses amp thought it was the monitor. i thought all kind of things. but now im thinking this can all be related to freaking anxiety. amp x200b is this common with anxiety??? amp x200b thanks so much
have been dealing with anxiety my whole life, but it s getting really bad so i m 20 years old and 23 days sober from opiates and fent. for as long as i can remember i ve had pretty bad anxiety but always had then fuck it suck it up mentality about it. also should heavily self medicate since i was about 14 when i first found opiates. now that i m sober my anxiety is crippling. have had 3 job interview since being clean and all 3 went horribly cause of my anxiety, hard to talk to people, family, and my girlfriend who is almost completely sober and rarely drinks . i also can t sleep and constantly having nightmares. was wondering if anyone has any recommendations of meditation to try for it that s not a benzodiazepine cause i m still so fresh in recovery. honestly would do anything besides benzos. thanks for hearing me out
do you ever get intense chills with your anxiety? from time to time when my anxiety is acting up, i start shivering almost violently. all of my muscles clench so hard that sometimes my abdomen begins to hurt. it usually appears to be related to feeling cold, but not always. for example, i had a cat attacked by a stray dog a little while back, and before i could do anything to help her i nearly fell to the ground i got these chills so bad. i had to sit down and take a bunch of deep breaths before i could function. i couldn t even look at her or i d just start shaking worse. i think the correlation to the cold is psychological. i walk into a cold room or get out of my warm bed and it starts, but usually only when i m worried that it might happen to begin with. does this sound like a standard anxiety response to you all?
i m scared to move away from my home city, because i will miss my parents. i want so badly to move out, and explore new things. i also don t want to be far from my family. i have always been super close to my family, and i find comfort in living close to them. i feel anxiety just thinking about not having my mom around when i m sad, or my dad around to talk about the hockey game. or my grandma to talk about anything. i am 21, and i live on my own, but i m still in the same city as my family, so they are right there whenever i need them. how can i conquer my fears, and live in a new place, and explore new things, even if it s just for a year or two. i ve wanted so badly to move in with a friend who has an extra spot, but again, the anxiety of being without my family is so scary. thanks for taking the time to read this.
nightly chest tightness for the last week and a half i have had uncomfortable chest tightness occurring only at night. i feel fine during the day aside from the normal anxiety i have , but around 6 8pm every night i will begin to feel this pressure in my chest almost like someone is sitting on me or i have a tight band strapped around me. i feel the pressure mainly in the center to right side of my chest. laying on my back side seems to give a little relief. my breathing is ok but it feels like i should be having trouble breathing l if that makes sense? . i am able to go to the gym and lift weights with no issues, it s not until late in the day the tightness shows up. has anyone else had a similar issue? i m hoping it s only anxiety since it presents with no other symptoms and goes away by the next morning. thank you!
nightly chest tightness for the last week and a half i have had uncomfortable chest tightness occurring only at night. i feel fine during the day aside from the normal anxiety i have , but around 6 8pm every night i will begin to feel this pressure in my chest almost like someone is sitting on me or i have a tight band strapped around me. i feel the pressure mainly in the center to right side of my chest. laying on my back side seems to give a little relief. my breathing is ok but it feels like i should be having trouble breathing l if that makes sense? . i am able to go to the gym and lift weights with no issues, it s not until late in the day the tightness shows up. has anyone else had a similar issue? i m hoping it s only anxiety since it presents with no other symptoms and goes away by the next morning. thank you!
i have a ridiculous fear of hiv aids hey all, i just want to get this on paper well, you know what i mean i just found this community today, and i just want to express my irrational fear of getting hiv aids. so, today i was doing laundry university dorms and i realised there was some face towels from another person in the wash after i washed my clothes. i have a small cut on my hand and i for god knows what reason am afraid of getting hiv or full blown aids, because in my brain, i touched a facecloth of someone i don't know, and don't know their history its a uni dorm so sexual activity is obviously bound to happen i sound so stupid but i can't get rid of the thoughts also, to add stupidity to this, i am asexual so that takes out a huge risk of getting it. i also don't do drugs. how do i talk myself down out of this.
terrified that i have lung cancer hi all. 29 y o f. never smoked a cigarette in my life, but i have fully convinced myself that i have lung cancer and it has consumed me fully. i spend the entire day googling symptoms. i have had a weird on and off cough since september. it doesn't keep me up at night, though. it is somewhat productive with clear mucus. my breathing also feels strange, like i have to do a little cough when i exhale sometimes. i've recently noticed pain in my mid upper back near my spine. amp x200b in december, i started having a bad pain below my shoulder blade. my pcp ordered a chest xray, which came back normal. i had a cbc in december which was normal, except for low b12, which i've been supplementing with b12 vitamins now. amp x200b do you think it's worth me asking my pcp for a low dose ct scan?
h e l p please i can't live like this anymore hiiii. so i went to the skatepark for the first time a few days ago. i'm happy about it. i can go down small ramps nothing major. there is a kid down the street who skates like a pro. only 4 years old too. i see him al the tome so i decided to start skating. no matter jow hard a try ramps are roo scary for me right now. everytime i think about skateboarding my hands and feet start to sweat majorly. i know what your think, just to not think abou ti. but i can't! all i think about is skateboarding. i'm homeschooled and don't have an exciting life because my mom is ill and my dad is long gone somewhere. i love to skate but it gives me anxiety and makes me sweat in a good way? but it's also bad??? i don't know how to explain it but i want to stop think about it helpppppppppp
i told myself that 2019 was going to be the year i beat this two days in i ve failed i discovered a small spot on my abdomen to the right of my belly button that is a little bit sore when i bend over or move a certain way. i ve poked and prodded at it so much trying to feel around for any abnormal ities such as a lump, that now it hurts more from all the poking. i m not exactly sure what it is that i m afraid i have this time since i m trying so hard not to google anything and besides appendicitis, i am not sure what other malicious causes could explain this sort of abdominal pain. my mom says it s probably a muscle strain. i do not feel anything abnormal when i press, however i carry some extra weight in my belly so i fear that i just cannot feel anything through the layer of fat. not a great start to 2019 at all.
i told myself that 2019 was going to be the year i beat this two days in i ve failed i discovered a small spot on my abdomen to the right of my belly button that is a little bit sore when i bend over or move a certain way. i ve poked and prodded at it so much trying to feel around for any abnormalities such as a lump, that now it hurts more from all the poking. i m not exactly sure what it is that i m afraid i have this time since i m trying so hard not to google anything and besides appendicitis, i am not sure what other malicious causes could explain this sort of abdominal pain. my mom says it s probably a muscle strain. i do not feel anything abnormal when i press, however i carry some extra weight in my belly so i fear that i just cannot feel anything through the layer of fat. not a great start to 2019 at all.
anxiety about neck chest cancer. i m a 30 year old detailed and i am convinced that i have some sort of throat upper chest cancer. and i can t let it go. i have a pain pressure in my upper rib cage and my gag reflex is triggered often i.e. i have a feeling if a lump it my throat . i also have a dull pain on the front left side of my neck that comes and goes. i went to my gp and he said the pain in my chest is likely costochondritis without a sinister cause and that the rest could be triggered by a bug virus, etc. and that i shouldn t worry just take ibuprofen for the pain and to decrease any inflammation. but he didn t do any tests other than feel around my chest. and now i m freaking out and worried that he wasn t thorough enough and that i have some sort of cancer or other serious condition i m not dealing with.
i cant get rid of intrusive, repetitive thoughts, 24 7 in my head its like having these bad thoughts as background noise in my mind. i cant get rid of them. when i listen to music, when i scroll socials, when i watch tv videos or when i play something. when i take a walk, when i read a book, when i eat, when i talk with someone. always. they are usually about something bad that happened to me 2 months ago. its like thinking about this trauma over and over again, thinking about what happened, changing the conversations in my head, etc. its exhausting, i just want to let it go. i cant sleep well, i wake up several times during the night and when i wake up, i immediately start thinking about that stuff. it got better since 2 months ago because im on antidepressants now and doing therapy but im really, really tired.
bizarre and painful mouth problem, terrified of oral cancer so to start, i consistently have head scratching mouth issues that even multiple doctors can't explain. hard knots, a large egg like tonsil cyst one time. today i'm having a large and alarming issue. under my tongue but more toward the hard area where the gums start is flaming red. not a little patch either, a whole wide swath probably two inches long. it's tender to the touch and tastes like blood for some reason. i've noticed these odd mouth issues pop up usually when my seasonal allergies are at their worst but i don't really know why this one is very uncomfortable and i have no explanation for it. anyone have advice? i have a standing dentist appointment for a temporary crown a week from saturday but i'm freaked out and uncomfortable at this moment
high blood pressure spike does anyone else have high blood pressure? i can never tell if my high blood pressure causes my anxiety attacks or the other way around. i guess it s not possible to know. i just ate fast food for the first time in a while, which seemingly cause my blood pressure to spike. my heart rate was up as if i was on a brisk walk for an hour, despite just sitting and doing deep breathing exercises. it was probably just all of the excess sodium but i just couldn t calm myself back down for anything. i know that digestion in general will cause a higher heart rate but when my head starts to feel hot and tight like a balloon i just have a hard time shaking the idea that something bad is about to happen. doing fine now, just thought i d share in case anyone has a similar thing. this too shall pass
not sure if i want to go to a friend's wedding one of my mates has invited me to his wedding and i'm not sure if i want to go. i really appreciate the invite and we were really good mates years ago but since 2018 i've not seen him too much since he moved away. the wedding is a good 7 hour drive away and i don't think i'll know many people at all. just maybe two or three other mates i've met before, but no one else. i don't have a plus one or anyone to go with. i'm feeling a bit anxious about it and don't want to be a bad friend or let him down by saying no, but i have a feeling that if i go, i'll feel really awkward. will be a lot of his and her family and i'll just be there not knowing anyone really at all. also it's gonna be quite an expense in accommodation and travel expenses. i'm just torn what to do!
how can i function? bit of background. i suffered with anxiety about 4 years ago. general stress induced anxiety and then it spiraled out of control. i convinced myself i had skin cancer and made my doctor check me all over. i am fine but was told to keep an eye on my moles. ok. no changes in 4 years. anxiety continued and i took medication for it. since then i have returned to normal ity and no longer take meds. i have a smear test coming up soon and i don't know how i am going to cope between the test and the results. i know it is going to trigger my health anxiety and i do not know how i will function such as getting up and going to work. 4 years ago i was in such a bad place with my health anxiety i stayed in bed for weeks and was physically sick with worry. how can i cope while i wait for the results?
how can i function? bit of background. i suffered with anxiety about 4 years ago. general stress induced anxiety and then it spiraled out of control. i convinced myself i had skin cancer and made my doctor check me all over. i am fine but was told to keep an eye on my moles. ok. no changes in 4 years. anxiety continued and i took medication for it. since then i have returned to normality and no longer take meds. i have a smear test coming up soon and i don't know how i am going to cope between the test and the results. i know it is going to trigger my health anxiety and i do not know how i will function such as getting up and going to work. 4 years ago i was in such a bad place with my health anxiety i stayed in bed for weeks and was physically sick with worry. how can i cope while i wait for the results?
i turned down additional medical testing! had a problem and went to a surgeon for an opinion. tmi she confirmed that i had some internal hemorrhoids that likely caused some pain bleeding injad a few weeks back that caused me a lot of worry and distress end tmi. i had an open conversation with her about my medical anxiety and was given three options of wait and see if symptoms resolve, then possibly book a relatively non invasive treatment book treatment now without waiting have invasive colonoscopy you have no real indication of needing just to get a full medical workup and ease my anxiety i chose the first! i'm proud of myself. i listened to what she thought it was, what to look for, and i decided not to feed my anxiety and see if my symptoms go away on their own. i'm honestly a bit amazed with myself.
painful pinching head pain... very scared a few weeks ago i had a really bad panic attack about having a blood clot from a really bad leg pain..it turned out to be nothing but since then i started getting these short, pinching bursts of pain on the top right side of my head in the same spot. at first they only happened once or twice a day, but now some days they happen more frequently or hurt more less. my neck and back muscles on the same side have been sore, and sometimes when i'm slouching or just getting out of bed is when the pain happens. i went to the doctor and she asked my family history of aneurysms, which was none. she scheduled me an mri for next week but she said she really doesn't think it's anything.... does anyone else get these? they also seem to happen more often when i think about it.
dvt anxiety hello.i'm male,177cm 76kgs,first it was aneurysm that i was afraid of,now it's dvt.i don't know why but i've heard a story about young guy getting killed by it all of a sudden. i have not been inactive,i always try to walk a lot,with my headphones i can walk the whole city without getting tired,but one day pain started in my lower left leg,mostly muscle,it also got little tingly,but i mostly worry about it at night,when i have time to overthink. i went running and just got home,i have this tightness in my muscle again,i've had this feeling for like 2 weeks and kind of pain sensation over and under my knee.i know it's just my mind,but pain of calf is really discomfort for me and i immediately think about it exploding and killing me.i just wanted to tell you about my fear,thanks for listening!
overwhelmed, tried, struggling i was diagnosed with an other specified anxiety disorder for about a year now and that sent me into a tailspin during my diagnosis. i was doing therapy consistently since then and felt like i had a handle on things but was triggered into another episode a month ago. i just feel disconnected and kind of dead now. i've had on and off anxiety the whole month, it's affected my relationship, i'm exhausted all the time, struggling also with stomach issues and feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my partner has tried to be supportive but i can tell it wears him down. i can't see how i can keep doing this and feeling like this forever. i don't even know what i'm looking for from this post but i just wanted to write something out because i feel tired and sad and alone.
sick, afraid of pneumonia for the past few days i've been sick, a cold probably, and until this morning it didn't really affect my chest. however this morning i woke up and it seemed to have moved mostly out of my head and into my chest. i just have a pretty minor cough going on. however i've also been experiencing some mild chest pains and also this feeling of an obstruction when i breath in, but i can still get a deep breath. occasionally it might feel like i can't. also it feels like there might be some chest tightness or pressure. throughout the course of this cold i've been afraid of it turning into pneumonia, so obviously this is making me pretty anxious. could this be pneumonia? is pneumonia more obvious than that? at what point should i go to the doctor? how do i not panic when i feel this way?
massive abdominal pains for the last 2 days... hi guys, i'm in a pretty bad state right now. for the last 2 days i've been having really big and sometimes debilitating pain in my abdomen area. it first started around the side of my abdomen kind of like a stitch, then throughout the day it slowly travelled to the middle just above my belly button. last night the pain travelled down to my lower right which instantly got me worked up thinking of appendicitis. phoned 111 and they recommended i go to the local a amp e. the blood test was fine and the doctor said he doesn't think it's appendicitis. the problem is this pain has been so intense for the last 2 days and it doesn't seem to stop, just travel around my abdomen a bit, but is very intense in the lower right at the moment. any idea what this could be?
crippling medical anxiety so i haven t been to see a doctor in about two years because i was insanely nervous about what they might find. i was hit by a car sunday so i finally went to see a doctor today. while talking to the doctor i mentioned i get sharp pain right under my ribs often. she said it might be my gallbladder and ordered an ultrasound. initially i didn t think anything of it but now i m up at midnight googling everything i can about gallbladder cancer and convincing myself i have it. i m 24 and all of my blood tests came back in the normal range, both my age and the blood tests are good when it comes to gallbladder cancer. the only symptoms i have are the pain and slight persisting nausea. i don t know why i can t let this go. i would love advice from anyone else that has medical anxiety!
blonde highlights hello first time posting here but i feel like i'm going to explode. so a few weeks ago i got the amazing idea to get blonde highlights, like a balayage. i don't know if it's because how the hairstylist did them, because my hair is wavy or i'm just this insecure. but now every time that i see myself on the kinrara i hate my hair so much, like what the he'll i did to my precious color. i'm thinking to get dyed at home because i can't deal anymore with hairstylists and giving explanations, but it makes me so anxious to not get a color that matches my hair. i just want my highlights to dissappear. i'm feeling like a mess and i don't know how to proceed and i don't want to hear the others saying how i'm wasting my money after getting the highlights . i just want to feel peace at something.
what's causing my confusion delerium 22 m i've been feeling very confused delirious since sunday night. let me give a little backstory about the events that lead up to this i've been in terrible pain from a root canal for about a week before this happened, every day i took about 4000mg of extra strength tylenol and 2000 2400 mg of advil liquigels until sunday night, i don't smoke weed often. maybe once a week or so since last september but i did on sunday night. not anything more than i usually do or even a different strain but the night i smoked is the night i stopped taking my pain meds, but it's friday night now and i feel confused and just overall off like i'm watching myself through a glass pane. does anyone have any advice that could help me. this feeling is causing me to have daily panic attacks
i've had such an awful month for my ha lol first, i was worried about my gallbladder because at the beginning of the month i was experiencing some nausea, acid reflux and other pains that seem to be associated with having gallstones. thankfully my ultrasound looked normal , so i wasn't as worried anymore. then, i was dealing with an upper respiratory infection and my symptoms lingered for so long that i thought i had strep which, thankfully, i didn't. but i've been experiencing so many more stomach pains these past few weeks and last night i was awake for what felt like the worst acid reflux i've ever had!!! i'm still feeling it today i don't know if it's gerd, an ulcer, or could even be side effects from the birth control i'm using... but of course i think it's a million different horrible issues...
i've had such an awful month for my ha lol first, i was worried about my gallbladder because at the beginning of the month i was experiencing some nausea, acid reflux and other pains that seem to be associated with having gallstones. thankfully my ultrasound looked normal, so i wasn't as worried anymore. then, i was dealing with an upper respiratory infection and my symptoms lingered for so long that i thought i had strep which, thankfully, i didn't. but i've been experiencing so many more stomach pains these past few weeks and last night i was awake for what felt like the worst acid reflux i've ever had!!! i'm still feeling it today i don't know if it's gerd, an ulcer, or could even be side effects from the birth control i'm using... but of course i think it's a million different horrible issues...
anyone else have a fear of cancer? not looking for reassurance because i know that's not going to help. i guess i need to vent a few years ago my friend died of ovarian cancer. ever since, i've had multiple phases where i've had an extreme fear of having some form of cancer. lung. colon. throat. liver. stomach. ovarian. cervix. uterine. bladder. breast its like i jump from one to another. right now i'm having a bad fear of uterine or cervical based on symptoms i had. this fear has caused me to have so many procedures done. colonoscopy, x rays, pap smear and breast exam granted those should be done on the regular , breast ultrasound, transvaginal ultrasound, etc. it's so freaking draining. i'm so tired of feeling this way. i just needed to vent. thanks for those who read this. can anyone else relate?
diagnosed with 2 illness' my whole life i have had severe generalized anxiety and health phobias. i have always worried there is something wrong. this started in 6th grade. i am 33 now. everything i have worried about has never happened but i was diagnosed with sjogren's syndrome in '16 autoimmune disease that attacks moisture producing glands and more recently hypogammaglobulinanemia an immune deficiency where my blood lacks the proteins needed to protect me against virus and infection . has anyone else with health phobias actually been diagnosed with an illness? it's been an incredibly difficult time for me but i'm working with a psychiatrist and just started seeing a therapist who specializes in chronic illness and anxiety. i'm looking for some words of encouragement or experiences. thanks all.
17 and scared i'm dying hey everyone, this might be a very disgusting post so consider yourself warned. about a month ago i saw blood in my stool, went to the doctor and got told it was hemorroids, everything was fine up until this month, i feel bloated all the time, yesterday i saw blood actually mixed in with my poop and today my poop was super dark brown almost black. i don't know what to do, i already went to the doctor last week because of heart palpitations, i was scared i had a heart problem but it was just my anxiety...i don't want to have to go to the doctor yet again over something that is going to end up being nothing, but this seems more real than the other things i've gone to the doctor for headaches, heart palpitations, problems with period, etc anybody have any advice on what to do?
anxiety stopping me from working i ve been dealing with anxiety for a while now, i came to the realisation a few years ago that it has mainly stemmed from the relationship with my dad i had when i was younger. this is caused me to not be able to do tasks in front of people wether they be simple or not i just can t do it. i start lightly trembling and thinking about how stupid i must look to whoever is watching me, this causes me to mess up even more. this is really stopped me from wanting to go out and get a job because i know that if the interview goes well i actually do good in interviews weirdly then i will eventually have to be shadowed and critiqued by someone while i learn the job. this dread has stopped me from going to 3 interviews now. does anyone else get this? sorry for the long post.
do i have a personality? i don t feel like i have a personality, i feel boring. i know i m probably not and i m overthinking it but everything about me feels fake for some reason. i think i grew up my entire life fighting so hard for validation and only doing things for other people that now my personality traits feel like bits and pieces of other people and not my own. i ve also noticed that even though i m 26 i am hardcore reverting into being a child. i love cartoons. i love squishmallows. i want pink and blue all over my living space i want to be a little kid but there s also a constant fight against that with my adult side. maybe im trying to heal my inner child probably . but i just want so badly to feel like a genuine person and know who i am. me. it s just been bothering me a lot lately.
my mouth is falling apart again. not your usual post, but i think i'm in the right sub. my teeth had always been bad, but i got a lot of stuff repaired when i had insurance. i have a few teeth missing, some that are root canals with very little tooth above the gumline. depression and rum coke means that i got a few spots that will need care, and i'm having trouble trying to brush because the toothpaste hurts the cavities. today was a new low. i've broken teeth on potato chips, a stray bit of gravel that got into my spinach... i had a temporary crown that would fall off at the slightest provocation. today i was eating cheese and i found something hard in it. luckily i didn't crunch down, but one of my metal fillings fell out. i have been fml over damage in the past, but now i am unusually cross.
pro tip don't google symptoms if you're logged into facebook. they will use the data from your searches to give you relevant ads and articles and it will exacerbate your ha. there have been times where i've frantically googled the symptoms for everything from ms to brain tumors to ruptured ovarian cysts and shortly afterwards i would see an ad or an article about something related to it nearby gynecologists, cancer centers, etc. but since i've stopped doing that, i don't see them as much anymore. it's been really helpful in taming my anxieties. googling something once every so often doesn't affect the algorithm too much i don't think, but when you're a chronic symptom checker like i used to be , triggering ads definitely start becoming more prevalent. so resist the keyboard and just breathe.
pupil size i m a 30 year old female, and just noticed a difference in pupil size. it s only in dim light and i ve been to the optometrist 2 times everything looks fine and i have 20 20 vision she said it was so small she didn t notice it until i mentioned it. but obviously still have been anxious and checking in the mirror nonstop. i got a horrible stiff neck back in june and have had a kink in my neck since i m also a long distance walker 10miles 4x a week and have been told this can be because of hip stuff. i have had blood work and everything is fine. but i m convinced i have a spinal or brain tumor, it s been hard for me to concentrate on information probably because i m preoccupied with anxiety and i m dizzy but i can t tell if i m making that up too. feeling crummy and pretty shameful.
chest pain i'm only 16 and i have occasional tight chest pains on the left side. i've been to a cardiologist for other unrelated things because of an abnormal ekg but it was an abnormality that was no cause for concern. i am a pretty anxious person but sometimes these will come on randomly when i don't feel that worked up. i have gotten a chest x ray, several 24 hour moniters, stress test, and blood tests. i don't know if its hormonal or what is going on but its pretty scary. the pain is sometimes a dull achey on the left side and sometimes pokey feelings on the opposite side. the pains come and go.. but sometimes i do notice my heart rate going super super fast when i'm stressed or when i get overwhelmed. but i just don't know the cause of these pains. any advice on how to deal with these.
the anxiety seasons have started it s gotten hot where i live meaning it s officially spring meaning it s officially anxiety season, wooo! it is currently 4 30 am, it s too hot for me to sleep, and the heat is giving me anxiety. the air conditioning is supposed to be on, but it s been broken in this room for like a year and my mom refuses to admit it s broken, saying that it s just cause the room is over the garage. which i know isn t true because i d still be able to at least hear or feel the air conditioning running but it doesnt. it s kinda funny not really, but if i don t laugh i will have a mental breakdown that spring and summer are the worst for my anxiety when almost everyone else cough neurotypicals cough tend to love those seasons. ass that to the list of im just weird i guess lol
found a swollen lymph node now i ve had health anxiety since i was 4. i ve had every cancer known to man, and many other various diseases, but i ve never actually had any concrete symptoms. until 2 weeks ago. i was at work and felt a lump in my neck was extremely scared, had a panic attack but i told myself it was just a lymph node and to get over it. i ve gotten pretty good at being able to brush my symptoms off, so for about two weeks i kinda forgot it was there. until like 3 days ago when i felt my neck and it was still there! now i don t know what to do. i ve started googling again and i m convinced i have lymphoma. i ve also now got this pain on that side of my neck that i m pretty sure is just in my head but i don t know! i m going to the doctor on friday. just wanted to rant i guess
fear of ms, or is it just my anxiety? i know the likelihood of ms is so low but i don t know. i have very stiff and tense muscles in my arms, upper back and shoulders and legs where i get frequent muscle spasms if they got overused andy right leg has a dull burning stinging sensation in one area of i don t move it. i can feel the sensation of little shocks and tingles around those areas including the top of my head at certain points. anxiety and stress seem to worsen the symptoms greatly as i don t really get the tingles when i m completely relaxed. i don t see a neurologist until a week and a half and i really just want it to be a combination of stress anxiety and the right muscles but that slim possiblity that it is frightens me. i don t want to live with this pain and sensations forever
bruise anxiety i have a bruise appear on my outer thigh. about an inch wide. 3 days ago when i noticed it, it was actual 2 bruises, a smaller and larger bruise. the next day, the smaller bruise was nearly gone. the larger looked like it was fading. last night, the large bruise was a red circle, which was not what it looked like the night before, which got my anxiety up. today it's spread a bit and now a dark red, turning purple ish and i noticed i have a lot of spider viens in that area. i'm so scared it's a blood clot or something worse. should i wait and monitor it or go to doctor? i've been working with my therapist, that one symptom doesn't make it true, but i'm really freaking out. is this normal for a bruise? i've never paid a bruise attention before, so i don't know what's typical.
persistent back pain out of the blue... for the past week or so i ve been having pain in the middle of my back, like a dull ache nothing sharp. i m 20 years old and i don t exercise or do any strenous activity so i m not sure how i could have pulled anything, i ve been up all night falling into a rabbit hole of googling and of course spinal tumors and cancer just had to come up as possibilities...i guess my question is should i see a doctor?? my right arm has also been feeling slightly weak lately as well, not painful but kind of achey i guess, so yet another google search brought me to a herniated disc...i m having anxiety only bc it just came on randomly and i ve been resting and waiting for it to go away and it isn t i know i should probably see a doctor but is this urgent in any way??
bruise anxiety i have a bruise appear on my outer thigh. about an inch wide. 3 days ago when i noticed it, it was actual 2 bruises, a smaller and larger bruise. the next day, the smaller bruise was nearly gone. the larger looked like it was fading. last night, the large bruise was a red circle, which was not what it looked like the night before, which got my anxiety up. today it's spread a bit and now a dark red, turning purple ish and i noticed i have a lot of spider viens in that area. i'm so scared it's a blood clot or something worse. should i wait and monitor it or go to doctor? i've been working with my therapist, that one symptom doesn't make it true, but i'm really freaking out. is this normal for a bruise? i've never paid a bruise attention before, so i don't know what's typical.
i don't know if i can do this anymore i'm embarrassed to be alive. i am an absolute failure. the past 3 or so years i've been unemployed. you may think i'm so lazy which is fair. but i've been on medication that made me so numb it was impossible to care about anything. i couldn't sleep properly and had severe insomnia. how could i work like that now i'm off of medication and my anxiety is 90000 worse. i somehow sleep longer. but get the worst intrusive thoughts to touch outlets to see if it will kill me or not. and gives me an adrenaline rush. i wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy. i at this point wish i wasn't even born. i was not meant for this life i can't function or hold a job. is this really the rest of my life ro just be on disability. because if thats the case i'd rather be gone
extremely scared i have hantavirus i recently unknowingly moved into a mice infestation. so gross. mice were in my room. recently, about a week ago, i cleaned up the room. i swept it up. idk if i swept up any mouse droppings but i'm so goddamn freaked out. right now, i'm having bad hip pain. its sharp and generally pinching. having the same pain in my thighs, back and shoulders, but less frequently. i'm so fucking scared. it's said those are the early signs. fuuuuck.... in a week or so i will possibly develop extremely bad symptoms. i hope i don't die... fucking hell.. this hip pain is like a 7... too scared right now. i've been to the er a few times... nothing yet.. i'm about to cry i'm so fucking scared the mortality rate is damn near 50 38 help me cope with my possible impending death
blood pressure this is for anyone with high blood pressure or blood pressure anxiety. in the past year, i've gained some weight and become a lot more sedentary. my bp about 2 months ago was around 130 82. the past few weeks i've been experiencing some pressure in my ears and throbbing eardrum. i visited my doctor and my bp reading was first 150 95 and before i left 145 89. she wants me to log my blood pressure and return it to her after about two weeks. what i'm curious about is, to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, does it have to stay elevated above 120 80 all the time or if it gets up to higher than 120 80 often it's considered high blood pressure? how exactly is high bp diagnosed? is this something can kill me soon or is it a risk for the future? i'm a 27m a little overweight.
meds help?! hi beautiful people. i have pretty bad ptsd with life long anxiety and panic attacks. it is really bad lately and i m considering medication. i m a very happy person naturally and have never been bored a day in my life but the flip side of that is feeling everything. hoping you guys can help me. i was on lexapro a few years ago for one year. i lost my zest for life but it absolutely saved me during a very hard time. i gained a bunch of weight which was not good because i struggle hard with my weight to begin with. is anyone on something that did not cause them to gain weight but did work? im just sick of being in constant fear. i quit caffeine and that helped but lately everything is causing me to panic. please help if you have any experience with meds. thank you so much!
i have an appointment with yet another specialist next week, and i feel like it's not even worth it because my symptoms are probably all in my head. i have had so many little health issues over the years that i worked up with my anxiety. googling things constantly, always asking the doctor about every little thing. every single damn time, i end up at a specialist and get a bunch of expensive tests just to find out nothing's wrong. it's all in my head. i have an appointment with an allergist next week to find out what caused a bad reaction... but now, all i can think is that the reaction was not real. it was probably just a panic attack. i'm sure all the tests will come back normal again, and i'll be left with regret and a big bill as i'm reminded that i'm still just a hypochondriac.
whilst falling asleep jolted awake with panic. any tips to overcome? hi all, i m currently battling with myself, i ve convinced myself i have something wrong with my heart due to some pains in my chest, despite seeing the doctor twice and them confirming it s nothing to worry about. whilst i m up and about in the day i can deal with it and distract myself. however, i ve found that almost every night as i m falling asleep, just as i drift off i have a feeling my heart has stopped i m having a heart attack and it holds me wide awake. i m at wits end, and so done with being exhausted every day due to it taking hours each night to actually get to sleep. my doctors haven t been very useful with advice, so has anyone else had a similar experience and have any tips on how to get over this?
one spot on my spine feels tender, i'm worried it's cancer. i haven't been worried about my health for a while so this didn't concern me much until today. i notice that when i hunch over, or when i press on this particular spot on my back near where my bra strap would be it feels like i bruised it. it's not painful enough to disrupt my day, but it's a little disconcerting. i started googling and i saw a bunch of people who had this and it just went away on its own or it wasn't anything, but then of course i continued googling and back pain can be cancer. it's surface level though, really does just feel like a skin bruise. and i don't feel it at all if i sit normal ly and don't press on it. how worried should i be? any way i can rule out cancer? i'm seeing my doc for a checkup soon.
question regarding fingers slightly moving. is it normal ? not sure if i can classify it as 'tremors' basically, from what i've seen with different kinds of videos regarding tremors, it doesn't look like it. let's say i put my hands in the air facing my palm, or just in the bed resting, it doesn't shake or what. but sometimes, if i look at them long enough, i notice it they slightly move. not sure if i'm doing it voluntarily, i'm being anxious, thus, making it move, or maybe because i'm not used to holding that kind of position, it kinda moves because of it? if anything, i type a lot in a computer. upon searching, i've seen that they might just been twitching due to fatigue, so maybe that's what it is? as much as possible, i don't want to go to a doctor just because of this. thanks
how to know if your symptom is real or if your mind is playing tricks on you? ever since i found out i have a blood clotting gene i feel like my calves hurt cramp more than ever. i actually don t think i ever noticed them cramping or hurting before this discovery. this morning i woke up to one hurting, and now tonight the other one is hurting. it s not intense, but because i m so scared of it being a clot, i can t let it go . i did just work a long shift where i was on my feet the whole time. but because of this mornings pain couple with this pain, i m nervous. it comes and goes and feels like an ache of some sort. i m just not sure if i should go to the doctor since i do have a blood clotting gene factor v . i ve never had a blood clot so i don t know for sure what one feels like
question regarding fingers slightly moving. is it normal? not sure if i can classify it as 'tremors' basically, from what i've seen with different kinds of videos regarding tremors, it doesn't look like it. let's say i put my hands in the air facing my palm, or just in the bed resting, it doesn't shake or what. but sometimes, if i look at them long enough, i notice it they slightly move. not sure if i'm doing it voluntarily, i'm being anxious, thus, making it move, or maybe because i'm not used to holding that kind of position, it kinda moves because of it? if anything, i type a lot in a computer. upon searching, i've seen that they might just been twitching due to fatigue, so maybe that's what it is? as much as possible, i don't want to go to a doctor just because of this. thanks
worried about ovarian cancer hello, i m new to this subreddit but deff not new to health anxiety. i m 26, and 5 years ago my gyno basically diagnosed me with pcos. my periods have been irregular for the better part of 5 6 years but lately have been regular...maybe a few days off. well last month, my anxiety started to get really bad. i was having panic attacks daily and didn t sleep well. a few days ago i started worrying that i have ovarian cancer bc i was bloated. it ended up subsiding but now my period is due meaning this date range is when i usually get it and i have lower back cramping, pelvic cramps, bloating but no bleeding. so basically i m worried that it s oc. i m also thinking it could possibly be because of stress but i m not sure any insight would be much appreciated.
do any of you ever feel like you break through the anxiety for a minute and then it comes right back? sometimes i ll just be talking with my bf and realize how illogical i sound, which is incredibly liberating to be wrong about my health concerns since we all assume the worst . i will just cry a lot because it s like the person i was before my health anxiety was able to break through for a second and hold a mirror to my thoughts. i try so hard to hold onto that feeling. but anxiety is too powerful sometimes and i can t help googling, asking my bf to look at something on my body, or simply thinking about death. i m so much better than last year and the year before but my anxiety is still there. i just want to be normal. i want to be like my bf or anyone else without health anxiety
diarrhea, nausea, gag reflex stressful situations hey, is there anyone who had these symptoms as a result of stress? i get diarrhea before leaving home if i have to get somewhere by public transport. before dentist visit i get nausea and gag reflex without vomiting, it lasts all the time and it's destroying my life completely. i can't go to the dentist, i can't go somewhere by public transport, i only feel fine when i know there is a restroom nearby and i will be able to use it whenever i want. my life is a hell. i react bad to all ssri like my sister she has tried many ssri's for her anxiety disorder and none of them worked correctly i don't know it's genetic or what but me and she react very similar to them. my gi wants me to start trimebutine, is there anyone who has tried it?
back pain on and off? hi, people! i'm worried about a pain in my middle back that comes and goes almost every week. it's a weird pain, specifically located in the left side of my back. it isn't an horrible pain, but it's really annoying sometimes. sometimes when i lay down the pain gets better, but it's noticeable when i'm sitting or standing i don't know if it's something related to my posture, spine, nerves... but i'm really worried that could be something related to my stomach like an ulcer or my pancreas... i don't have any other symptoms, but my anxious mind thinks the worst. like i said, the pain comes and goes and it usually starts at night in the morning the pain doesn't exists at all . anyone has something to say? i'm not asking for medical advice, just some kind words.
health anxiety and xanax my health anxiety involves fear of having a heart attack or stroke. ive been to the emergency rooms more times that i can count thinking im dying. i went to a psychiatrist and he prescribed me zoloft daily and xanax .5 mg to take only in emergencies. ive been taking the zoloft for the past week and a half noticing no improvement but ive heard it takes a while for it to actually kick in. i still haven't taken any of the xanax and it makes me anxious to think about the side effects and hearing stories of people getting addicted to it dying from it. anyone have any good experiences with it? i would hate for it to make my panic attacks worse. ive been thinking about taking 1 pill just to know what its going to feel like when im actually having an emergency.
worried about stomach cancer hi! 19 f here. for the past 6 months i get very nauseous very easily, especially after eating or when stressed. since around november, i ve started puking regularly. i ll puke once a day for maybe a week, then be fine for a week. during bad episodes i puke anywhere from 3 7 times a day. i ve been gaining weight since this happened. haven t vomited any blood red color is from foods i have eaten . diarrhea usually precedes the vomiting, and has a certain smell smell only occurs in diarrhea right before i puke . immediately after puking the nausea goes away until the next episode. symptoms worsen before exams, presentations, stressful events. ulcer has been ruled out. my brain is going straight to the assumption i could have cancer and i am terrified
chest pains, like usual. howdy! i m 18 and i suffer from severe cardiophobia i ve gone to the er before and had an ekg done, it obviously came out normal . wednesday i saw a new primary doctor and brought up my issue with my chest pains, they did an ekg, chest xray, and blood work and everything came out normal besides my ldl cholesterol which is 11 points high yet i still can t get over this??? my rational part of my brain thinks it s chest inflammation and purely muscular issues but my anxiety forces me to believe it s a heart attack. i also have shortness of breath sometimes like right now and i ve been slightly dizzy lately. is there any way to cope with this? fyi i have very tense shoulders and i believe i have gerd, i ll be picking up my prescribed pills for it tomorrow
ha over some yogurt i just ate i opened up a new container of yogurt today one of those big 2 lb ones and when i did, i noticed there was some liquid, as well as tiny holes covering the entire surface almost as if there were bubbles that gathered on top and then popped leaving behind tiny indentations. i m not so worried about the liquid since that s common, but i m wondering what those holes were. i scraped off the top layer and the yogurt underneath seemed fine so i ate it, but now i can t stop thinking about the possibility it might have been bad. i know i can t do anything about it now, but my mind keeps fixating on the thought that it wasn t safe to eat and i m somehow going to get sick. does anyone have any words of advice that might help to calm my anxiety about this?
chest pains, like usual. howdy! i m 18 and i suffer from severe cardiophobia i ve gone to the er before and had an ekg done, it obviously came out normal. wednesday i saw a new primary doctor and brought up my issue with my chest pains, they did an ekg, chest xray, and blood work and everything came out normal besides my ldl cholesterol which is 11 points high yet i still can t get over this??? my rational part of my brain thinks it s chest inflammation and purely muscular issues but my anxiety forces me to believe it s a heart attack. i also have shortness of breath sometimes like right now and i ve been slightly dizzy lately. is there any way to cope with this? fyi i have very tense shoulders and i believe i have gerd, i ll be picking up my prescribed pills for it tomorrow
i'm getting a colonoscopy and i'm freaking terrified i've had minor gi bleeding for a while that warrants a colonoscopy. i want to do it because at the very least it'll give me a peace of mind but it's the biggest procedure i've had so far in my life and the first time i'll be under sedation, so i'm absolutely freaking out. i'm 25, people my age don't usually go under colonoscopies so it's kind of hard to talk about this with others. even the prep alone sounds awful thanks to all the horror stories. i know it's a routine procedure for folks way older than me but i'm still pretty scared. has anyone here gotten a colonoscopy at a young age? one of the things that concerns me is that i've heard people who have ibs have worse symptoms after the procedure likely due to the prep.
so anxious i literally just ran out of the dentists office basically title. a couple months ago i had a consultation to get a few teeth deep cleaned and two small cavities. no big deal for normal people, but i really dislike needles and put off going back. today i go back and they insist on doing the deep cleaning of the whole mouth for 500, while saying it doesn't look bad on x rays so the insurance company probably won't cover it. when i said i can't afford that, the hygienist basically scolded me and went to get the dentist. i started feeling like i was having a panic attack and removed the bib from my neck, put on my coat and bolted to my car. i still feel shaky now. idk what's wrong with me. don't know if i was being scammed or i just made myself look really foolish.
home remedies for dehydration dehydration occurs when your body has lost more fluid than you have taken in. remaining hydrated is critical to your overall health. every cell in your body needs water, along with oxygen, to function properly. anyone can become dehydrated, but those at a higher risk include infants, young children, older adults, people with chronic illnesses, endurance athletes and people living at high altitudes. some common causes of dehydration are vigorous exercise in hot weather, diarrhea, vomiting, excessive sweating and increased urination. read the secret tips for https www.srisaihospital.com blog home remedies for dehydration sri sai super speciality hospital https www.srisaihospital.com 20 years of amp srisaihospital hospital blog tips dehydration
sick for about a week and have coughed some blood the last 2 days in mornings only. so i have been sick with something i don t know what i just flew back from europe to america after 3 months so i m thinking it s something from the plane. i have a had a pretty bad cough that has been fairly productive for at least the past 5 days. yesterday i noticed a very small amount of blood in my first cough after i stood up in spit into sink it was bright red and streaky the next cough was back to mucus only. kinda freaked out by it i went to the doctor a couple days ago and blood tests just came back fine but i don t know if they would tell. any help would be greatly appreciated kinda freaking out. i also stopped by daily marijuana habit about 2 weeks ago after a year and a half.
scared i have mouth cancer, at 19. background, so i've been out at college since august, been to a couple of parties, and took up smoking, why, because it looks cool. there i admit it. i would say i've been smoking since around octber or november. i smoke maybe half a pack every other weekend, if that. maybe have one or two on the side, here and there, but i wouldn't consider myself a smoker. i've noticed a sore in my mouth, it's all white, doesn't look harmful. i think it's a canker sore, as i've been drinking coffee like hell these past couple of weeks, sometimes without regard for how hot it is. is it possible to get mouth cancer after smoking maybe two or three packs of smokes in total in my life, or am i just freaking out over a little blister? thanks for the help.
sinuses? i m 14. i don t have the usual sinus symptoms. i have puffy eyes, tingling electric headache, stuffy nose, pressure in pack of head, irritated eyes, swollen lyphnodes, a feeling of air bubbles under top eyelid, ears feeling blocked causing nausea. very bad dizziness. feeling like i m moving when i m not. feeling faint and tired all the time, gums and teeth hurting. nothing helps! its been almost 2 years and it s like this all the time! i ve tried antibiotics and all kinds of medicine but nothing helps. i m scared the my symptoms aren t normal especially my dizzy feeling. the thing that s causing the most worry is the itchy pinching brain feeling. is this anxiety normal sinus stuff? i ll be going to the doctors tomorrow and i m terrified. i ll update afterwards.
scared of bad diseases and death in the young ages hello everyone i'm a medical student 22 y o and it's about 2 year that i'm suffering from anxiety about my health. i think about my body and symptoms almost every hour of the day. i'm always scared about that i have a bad disease and will it kill me or something. i usually experience physical symptoms and i can't really find out whether this symptoms are real or only because of my anxiety. over the past 2 years, i experienced lots of symptoms all over my body now i'm experiencing stomach problems and sleep problems visited lots of doctors and took lots of medicine. now its for a few months that i started to feel depressed and lost my motivations. don't now what to do at all. i will be happy if you share some ideas. tnx
a happy story! so i m almost 19 and suffer moderate ha, usually a few times a year. so far i haven t seeked professional help for it so i ve been trudging along on my own. well, for the past week or two i ve had this random pain in my back, primarily my left rib. naturally the worries happened cancer of any sort, kidney problems, etc. well today i went to the er my family doctor lives six hours away and while they didn t look inside me, he poked and prodded and said that he doesn t think there s anything wrong since i didn t have any other symptoms. also, bercitis not spelled right runs in my family, which is inflammation, in my family s case, the ribs. so i m feeling pretty good. i hope this lifts your spirits, and helps with your doctor fears, of which i also suffer.
abdominal discomfort and headaches. crazy anxious im 30 male and overweight. i don't know how much of this is anxiety but i've had all sorts of weirdness in my abdomen for like a month. cramping all over but mostly a spot of pressure below my left rib. its like always there though its really minor pain pressure. but just today i got some pain in my lower right abdomen. i've had gerd a while but its never been like this. also what feels like a lump in my throat but i went for the ct and laryngoscopy and nothing there. on that for like 2 weeks i've had intermittent tension headaches and lightheadedness. im scheduled to see the gastroenterologist in a week but i know how anxious i've been and have been considering going to the er. just would love some reassurance. thanks
oxazepam? hey! i have been taking oxazepam 7,5mg 15mg once per day for my anxiety for the past 2 months. i'm neurotic about getting addicted, eventhough i don't think i have too high risk for that i have been taking those pills max. 2 days per week and i'm even keeping two weeks pause from using them atm. i try to avoid taking those pills even two days in a row. i have them as needed and i was wondering can i continue using them like this or am i going to be addicted? like if i take 15mg once two times per week for a month and keep two weeks pauses just to make sure? does anybody here use these pills as needed and how often do you take them? they really help with my anxiety but i want to respect that medicine so i try to take them only when my situation is really bad.
work trips are terrifying i m prepared to be called all sorts of names. i ve had people tell me this is unhealthy and to get serious help. like i don t know that. this will get buried in the flood of posts. i ll try still. my partner is going on a work trip. she s been on a couple before but never outside the country. it simply terrifies me. i want to support her. i have severe anxiety. i do take medication and get professional help. but it s still hard. the thought of being home alone for 4 5 days roughly with my partner a 10 hour flight away in another nation worries me. i don t know what to say or do. i m probably nothing more than a burden of a partner and a person in general. i ve had two funerals in the last two months too. i m just tired and very, very nervous.
canker sore in back of my throat crohn's disease 19 y o male, i had my first canker sore last summer near my tonsils and now i have another one. i have always had problems with my stomach, docs gastroscopied me in 2016 because i had nausea and heartburn almost 24 7. biopsies and everything came back normal , never gotten colonoscopied though. in my mind these canker sores are a symptom of crohns disease and it must mean i have it. i just can't figure out any other explanation than that thanks to hypochondria. my stomach problems were pretty bad years ago and i thought i had colon cancer or something like that. nowadays i feel a lot better but the thing is that if something comes up that might be a symptom of ibd crohns colon cancer i almost instantly think i have it.
i feel like i m going crazy. this all started after the death of a loved one. it was sudden, but not health related. ever since then i analyze every single thing i do and how it could impact me. i m always worried about my liver failing or something like that because i drink. i m not an alcoholic by any means, at most i ll have 4 drinks maybe twice a week. i m 21 so that s kind of the norm in college, but i still worry. a lot of my health anxiety is about other people as well. i constantly worry that my boyfriend is going to die for example. i know it s so stupid and that i m fine, but the worrying overtakes me. i know this started after the sudden death of a loved one. but at this point, i can t control it and worrying is taking over my life. thanks for reading this
what are some subs you like to visit to get your mind off of whatever you're worried about? ive been dealing with another round of health anxiety for about two weeks now and i spend a lot of time on reddit to distract myself. the thing i hate though is sometimes i come across something that freaks me out and its like my anxiety goes into overdrive for a few minutes then i have to focus on something else. usually it's an ask reddit question or something in the news that causes me to think about things i'm worried about. i just want to know about some subs that i can browse for a while and not worry too much about coming across something health related or depressing but not super happy or positive because then it just feels like i'm distracting myself and it backfires.
head injury worries? i constantly worry about head injuries, because i constantly worry if a hit to my head was significant to cause a concussion. for example, i was laying in bed on my not very heavy laptop, and i accidentally pushed it into my chin. it wasn't a super hard hit, it didn't hurt, but i immediately started worrying that i could have a concussion. my head was against a pillow too, but the reading i did claimed that it's worse if your head doesn't move. i mean, i don't notice myself feeling especially nauseaous or dizzy, but i can't stop worrying. it seems like most concussion stories involve something more significant than that. are small hits like that something to worry about? does anyone have any expertise as when to start worrying about a concussion?
people often say really? when i tell them i have anxiety, and i have mixed emotions about it. on the one hand, it s comforting to know that all of my worries about coming across as nervous or awkward are so out of proportion that people don t even know i have anxiety. on the other hand, it feels sort of invalidating to my struggle, if that makes sense. this thing often consumes my life, and it s frustrating that no one knows how hard i m trying. they just think this is easy for me, that i can effortlessly raise my hand and speak in class like other people do. that s not to say that i feel negatively toward the people who say this, more that it s just generally frustrating that people have no idea. have y all thought about this too? do you look at it a different way?
canker sore in back of my throat crohn's disease 19 y o male, i had my first canker sore last summer near my tonsils and now i have another one. i have always had problems with my stomach, docs gastroscopied me in 2016 because i had nausea and heartburn almost 24 7. biopsies and everything came back normal, never gotten colonoscopied though. in my mind these canker sores are a symptom of crohns disease and it must mean i have it. i just can't figure out any other explanation than that thanks to hypochondria. my stomach problems were pretty bad years ago and i thought i had colon cancer or something like that. nowadays i feel a lot better but the thing is that if something comes up that might be a symptom of ibd crohns colon cancer i almost instantly think i have it.
question about bone cracks so i've been going to the gym weekly now and i've noticed this for the first time but my right shoulder seems to crack alot and i mean if i do those shoulder rolls it cracks, when i bench press my shoulders would crack really loud and sometimes there's pain inside my shoulder? i'm guessing where my shoulder bones connect to my arm, it doesn't really hurt on a regular basis in my life only when i do heavy lifting using my shoulder. the cracks are loud and my friends usually get surprised about how loud my shoulder can crack, i've been debating to try to reach out to a chiropractor friend of mine but just curious to see if anyone else has experienced this! im also pretty skinny , below average weight if that could be a factor. thanksny help
vaginal bleeding ok, so i didn't have my period in 19 days and i usually get period 25 30 days after my last one. now i started to bleed, very lightly, doesn't look like period. i don't sleep much 5 hours night for the last 14 days because i have so much energy probably some hypomania and stress, but i'm overall in a great mood so it could be hormonal imbalance. now i'm scared that it's something serious. i know it could be ovulation that got delayed but i never had ovulation bleeding before. i'm sitting here crying because it's saturday and my gynecologist is there on monday. i'm supposed to write my thesis and now this health anxiety came up to my mind. please someone calm me down that it happened to them and it was ok. i feel like i'm gonna jump out of my skin.
how do i know if it's pneumonia,asthma,or spring allergy? context about 5 weeks ago i was spraying an air freshner in my room and ever since, it started feeling harder to breath and have some chest tightness,but no coughing or anything,i went to the doctor 2 weeks ago 3 weeks after the air refresher thing happened he checked if there's wheezing in my chest but he said it was normal and he also did a pulse oximeter test and it mine is normal as well, he didn't do a chest x ray. but now 2 weeks later i still have difficulty breathing and i sneeze pretty much every day no runny or itchy nose and i still don't cough,so i'm leaning more towards spring allergy or asthma even though i never had asthma .so not sure what to do and i'm having anxiety attacks because of it.
how do i know if it's pneumonia,asthma,or spring allergy? context about 5 weeks ago i was spraying an air freshner in my room and ever since, it started feeling harder to breath and have some chest tightness,but no coughing or anything,i went to the doctor 2 weeks ago 3 weeks after the air refresher thing happened he checked if there's wheezing in my chest but he said it was normal and he also did a pulse oximeter test and it mine is normal as well, he didn't do a chest x ray. but now 2 weeks later i still have difficulty breathing and i sneeze pretty much every day no runny or itchy nose and i still don't cough,so i'm leaning more towards spring allergy or asthma even though i never had asthma .so not sure what to do and i'm having anxiety attacks because of it.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. my mind races with 'what ifs' and worst case scenarios. the simplest tasks feel like mountains to climb. i can't help but feel like i'm on edge, constantly braced for the next wave of anxiety. sometimes i feel like i'm trapped in my own thoughts, unable to break free from the cycle of worry and fear. i'm trying to stay strong, but it's a daily battle. i wish i could just press the pause button and take a break from the constant mental chatter. anxiety is a relentless companion, always there, whispering doubts and
how to cope with panic attacks triggered by health anxiety? i can't stop worrying about something that probably isn't a big deal. i can't calm myself down, i'm freaking out and i'm all alone and everyone i know is busy, so i can't call them. i found a spot on my body that hurts to touch and afterwards an area near it started to feel strained without having to be touched . i googled it but can't find anything that matches closely with what i'm experiencing and somehow that makes me feel worse. i'm jittery right now and nauseous from the anxiety, but also i'm worried that that's related to whatever problem i just found on my body. does anyone have any tips for quickly calming down? i'm not in a full blown panic attack, but i definitely feel myself headed that way.
freaking out itchy skin hi, so, last night, my skin all over just started to itch, along with my scalp. it just was driving me nuts. i finally managed to sleep though. today, not much has changed. i'm still just itchy all over. i took a shower and used tea tree oil shampoo and conditioner as i saw lots of flakes in my hair. i have checked throughly for lice and had my family members check for me. they said it didn't look like lice at all. so,i assume it is dandruff. my scalp is now a bit better, but it's still itchy and my skin is too. i'll be okay for a few minutes tjen back to itching. itss driving me crazy and now i of course googled. it said itching skin can be a sign of liver or kidney disease. i'm now in a full blown panic attack. i don't know what to do.
this is just a post to make everyone laugh and realize how much anxiety really fucks with all of us my health anxiety has been bad for years, every week there's something new i think i have wrong with me. last night i convinced myself i have herpes i haven't had sex in 2 months but i read online u could have it for weeks, months, amp year's before an outbreak i was hysterically crying to my mom and when i went to go show her my bump she laughed at me and told me it was just vagina tissue and no where near herpe sores... i love being this way oh and let me not forget to mention 2 hours after that my anxiety got bad and i convinced myself i was going to have a heart attack because i was getting random pains in my right arm and felt nauseous from my new meds lmao
tired of wasting my money and time i know nothing is wrong with me but i'm in so much pain all the time that i go to the doctor and my blood results are always normal . i'm so tired of it. i've wasted so much money going to the er because the triage nurse suggested it based on my symptoms or because i was hunched over in pain for hours. i don't know if i'm a hypochondriac or what but i'm always at the doctors office and my job is very much at risk. at this point i'm saying fuck it, if my appendix bursts then let it. if my iud punctures my uterus or becomes embedded in the uterine lining and causes digestive infection then let it. it would be better than living in pain just to be told nothing is wrong with me. better than to be known as the unreliable employee.
trying to knock this current bout of anxiety before it gets hold so i picked a spot on my back earlier, gross i know. but then i went and told my wife she could finish it off she gets a weird kick from it haha and she said that's not a spot babe . wow, such simple and meaningless words have sent me into a spiral in the last 30 minutes where i've already diagnosed myself with aggressive skin cancer. amp x200b i guess all i can do is keep an eye on it, chances are it'll heal up and it was just an ingrown hair or something don't have a hairy back but there are a few patches . amp x200b i suppose i'm just venting here... but i know i'm going to be constantly checking my lymph nodes etc out of fear for the next few weeks. i can't be assed with this right now argh,
how could that anxious thought affect the person?an example of an anxious thought a person might have is what if i forget the lines during my public speaking engagement and everyone will laugh at me? this thought can have a significant impact on the person. it can lead to increased anxiety and fear, making it difficult for them to focus on their preparation or even remember the lines in the first place. the fear of making a mistake or embarrassing themselves can result in a vicious cycle of worry and distraction, which can ultimately sabotage their performance. in severe cases, this anxious thought can even lead to physical symptoms like increased heart rate, trembling, and even an inability to speak at all. overall, this anxious thought can significantly imp
heart health anxiety hi all, stumbled across this sub doing, what else, some late night symptom googling, and i couldn't be more glad to see it. i've had generalized anxiety for years, but recently it's started to manifest more as health anxiety, triggered when my cat died of sudden onset congestive heart failure a few months ago. i've had chest pain in the upper left side for almost a week now, and i can't seem to convince myself that i'm not dying. i've had two normal ekgs, normal bloodwork except for an elevated d dimer level, and a normal x ray and ct. after all that, i'm still not able to stop my anxiety that the twinge in my arm is a heart attack, or the burning sensation in my back is an aortic dissection. any suggestions for calming the anxiety beast?
how might this thought impact their daily functioning? example a person with anxiety might have the thought, i'm going to have a heart attack during my presentation at work tomorrow. this thought can significantly impact their daily functioning by causing avoidance behaviors, such as canceling the presentation or making excuses to not attend work the next day. additionally, the anxiety and fear surrounding this thought can lead to physical symptoms, such as racing heart, sweating, and trembling, which can further impede their ability to function effectively. the anxious thought can also impact their mental and emotional well being, causing distress, worry, and anxiety that may last for hours, days, or even longer, and can negatively impact their productivity,
real problem , but i'll post here for looking some help. hello, so i'm a 27 year guy one kidney. i decide to post my problem on internet because i need a solution or a real explanation of my problem. 2 years ago i made a ct contrast scan for a neck problem, and after this episode i had start to urinate a lot of foam and smelly urine everytime yes , the next day after ct scan 2 doctor told me that there was no protein so just don't look at your pee anymore . so this is not a solution ! i'm already shocked about my single kidney discovered 3 years ago and no one want give me a real explanation for this. so if anyone know something about this and can help me i really appreciate it. i'll pay too if anyone help to find the problem . thank you and be kind please.
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from person to person, but a common example might be what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought is fueled by fear of negative evaluation from others and the potential consequences of that evaluation, such as losing credibility or even losing one's job. these thoughts can lead to feelings of anxiety and avoidance behaviors, such as procrastinating or cancelling the presentation altogether. treatment for anxious thoughts typically involves a combination of cognitive behavioral therapy, medication, and lifestyle changes to help the person learn how to identify and challenge distorted thinking patterns, manage stress, and improve their overall emotional resilience.
anxiety is ruining my life i am now into my 30s and feel like my life is passing me by while i am unable to enjoy it due to being anxious all of the time. i have a great job and feel like i am going to ruin it because i am so socially anxious and awkward. the only time i feel like i can truly enjoy the company of other people and not feel like my flight or flight is x100 is when i take a low dose opiate or drink alcohol. i stopped doing all of it for two years thinking that i might get better if i don t use any substances, but it just spiraled into extreme anxiety and depression since i didn t get any breaks from it. i have tried every ssri snri tca under the sun and they don t work. i don t know what the point of this post is other than to vent i guess.
one common anxious thought is, i am not good enough. i will fail at everything i do. this thought can manifest itself in various situations and contexts, such as before a performance, interview, or in a personal relationship. the person may experience feelings of inadequacy, self doubt, and fear of judgment, which can lead to avoidance behaviors, such as procrastination or avoiding social situations, or other negative consequences, such as increased stress, anxiety, and depression. this thought can also limit a person's potential and hinder their personal growth and development. overcoming anxious thoughts like these requires recognition, acceptance, and replacement with more positive and adaptive thinking patterns. through practices such as mindfulness,
post partum health anxiety? did anyone's health anxiety stem from having a baby? i was about one year pp when this all began, but never attributed it to childbirth. i recently found an article that says it can be caused by that. i've found lots of other posts on baby forums talking about it, but no medical research. i'm going to see a counselor for the first time next week so i'm trying to do my homework if i feel as though postpartum depression and anxiety might be a factor here. also, hi! this is my first post. i'm a recent victim of ha, as it began for me around 3 months ago. i've been completely debilitated since then. very hard to take care of 2 kids when i'm at my worst. really looking for support and faith that there's a cure for feeling this way.
deep scratch from unvaccinated cat hey, so last night i got a deep scratch from a cat on my thumb. it was bleeding quite a bit until i cleaned it up and bandaged it. the cat was born to a stray mother at my friend's parents store and was adopted by my friend as a kitten. it hasn't been vaccinated and is about 6 months 1 year old. my friend and his family have been scratched quite a bit by the cat as well but not as of late . it's a house cat and rarely ever leaves the house. i keep looking up various diseases i could be exposed too cat scratch disease, rabies, etc . the wound itself looks fine thankfully been over 12hrs . should i be worried about anything? any symptoms i should look out for? i want to ease my mind and stop worrying but i can't seem to..
i lost my dad two years ago and now my health anxiety is at its worst... i ve always been a worrier my mum says, but in the 2 years since my dad died suddenly from a heart attack i have had debilitating health anxiety. i ve been on 2 different anti depressants anti anxiety tablets and will feel perfect and then come off them after 6 months, feel really good for a while and stable for a few months and then in a matter of 5 mins of feeling something weird happening in my body i spiral into a deep anxious state and the panic attacks start again. this past week i ve convinced myself i have a brain tumor, meningitis, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, you name it. it is exhausting and i am just so over it. i miss my carefree, worry free life and my dad
how to destroy fear before it destroys you gt fear is the number one inhibitor of taking successful actions and it is the number one instigator for taking destructive actions. i was just listening to a podcast http www.borntoprosper.com how to destroy fear ?ap id amandahayward by shane krider and wanted to share here because i think it's relevant to the sub and listening to the podcasts has helped me start taking control of my thoughts and given me more confidence overall. i'm doing all the basics for my anxiety eating well, exercising, meditation, medication but this seems to be the icing on the cake for me! really enjoying it. also, i just learned about the help button when posting on reddit and i'm loving all the different text formatting i can do! p
depression or fear of it? hi guys, this is the first time i post in this subreddit, so, let's get started! for about two weeks i have been feeling very frightened about the idea of being depressed, also because this anxiety is accompanied by a kind of weight that i feel inside my chest and that accompanies me all the days. i haven't lost interest in activities or in socializing, but when i am at home alone i start to think and look on the internet for symptoms and feelings about depression, and end up feeling scared, anguished and sad with this feeling of heavy head and the impossibility of thinking positive. what do you think, is it all the fault of anxiety and hypochondria that have been with me for years, or is it the beginning of a depressive phase?
my anxiety has skyrocketed due to my parents i m a trans guy and my parents found out recently. ever since they will randomly bring it up to me, usually crying to me about how they feel like they ve raised me wrong and how horrible they must be treating me for me to decide to be a boy obviously they re transphobic . as you might expect, these conversations are very anxiety inducing for me and have also negatively effected my mental health otherwise. however, one of the worst parts is that i no longer feel safe in the house or even in the car if my parents are driving, because they literally bring it up whenever they want as long as we re alone. i m just always so much more anxious than i already was with diagnosed anxiety and i have no idea what to do.
how might this anxious thought affect them? an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i forget the presentation i have to give at work tomorrow and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought can significantly affect the person's emotions and behavior. they might start to feel nervous, uneasy, or even panic, leading to racing thoughts, increased heart rate, sweating, and other physical symptoms of anxiety. they may have difficulty sleeping or eating, and their focus may be consumed by worrying about the presentation. they might also avoid thinking or talking about the presentation, and instead, engage in behaviors that provide temporary relief, like checking and rechecking their notes or avoiding eye contact. overall, these thoughts and the
surgery on nose anyone with anxiety around surgery have nose surgery. my main way of calming myself is 4 7 8 breathing or 4 box breathing and am a little nervous that my nose will be all blocked up. guess i better start my mouth breathing. also get anxious when on pain killers like i am out of control. i can t relax and get anxious that the fatigue will cause me to pass out i have the freeze response . my wife tried to remind me the pain killers are there to help and to let my body just handle it. plus i hate the anesthesia part when they cover your mouth in the waiting room. not that i ll die, just feels unnatural like a forced nap. my wife just reminds me that she would rather be asleep during the surgery, just wish i could really take that mindset.
anyone here tried sulforaphane or broccoli sprouts for anxiety and or general health? there's been some interesting studies about sulforaphane naturally occurring chemical in broccoli family of plants for it's ability to help those with anxiety and depression. apparently it works by activating the body's nrf2 system. anyone tried it? did it help? what about as a general health food? this study was especially interesting sulforaphane alleviated depressive symptoms amp anxiety as well as prozac in animals https www.sciencedirect.com science article pii s0166432815303399 some other studies listed here about mood depression. tons of other apparent benefits too. all medical clinical sources linked https www.clearsprout.com broccoli sprouts sulforaphane
struggle bus ... i'm riding it today, maybe even driving it. no need to get into details, i'm just anxious for my health and a family member's health i hate that i project my ha to other people, as if i didn't do enough worrying as is . i went to the gym despite getting shitty sleep last night and feeling awful all day because i knew it was better than coming home from work and ruminating. and i'm about to listen to an anxiety podcast and a guided meditation for sleep. so there are a couple wins despite the day being a dud. but i just wanted to write it out that today sucked and my worrying sucks and i hate it. i know i'm not alone when i come here, and for that i am grateful. hoping tomorrow is a better day for me and anyone else riding the bus.
hurry sickness is driving me crazy. does anyone else have this? i have hurry sickness and it's linked to my anxiety and bpd. it causes me so much anxiety because i always feel like i need to do many things at the same time or short period of time. i drink my coffee in about 5 minutes, then i read a book for an hour, then i listen to music and surf the web for a non specific reason. everything has to be done very fast, and well planned, if not, i get impatient, irritable, and anxious. it's pretty exhausting and i realized it's a problem going on for two years now. i did not pay too much attention to this before, since i didn't even know there was a term for this condition. does anyone else experience something similar? how are you dealing with it?
health anxiety symptoms hi guys, they said i have health anxiety, but i can't believe them because the symptoms are very real. sometimes, i don't know if this is really anxiety. i went to hospital a lot of times and they said they don't find anything aside from my tubercolosis. but my doctor said that my tb is just mild and i don't have cough so it's not a reason yet to give me shortness of breath. i also had three ecg's and it all came up normal . it is really possible that you will just experience anxiety symptoms without any reason? like i'm just playing computer and suddenly i can't breath. i worry most when i can't breath. yes! i can't breath. it's just suddenly. i m not anxious about anything then suddenly i can't just breath. thanks guys!
does anyone get anxious that they re just making it all up? how do you cope? i m experiencing some legit health problems in my life right now, but i can t shake the feeling of i m just a faker, what if i have a somatic disorder, what if i have munchausens, i m an attention seeker, etc etc. which is fucked up, because i would give anything to feel better right now! obviously i don t have munchausens, because i wish that i was not sick. it s sort of ironic, having a legitimate health issue, and being so anxious that you convince yourself you are faking it and get scared that you have a mental disorder that makes people fake health issues. does anyone else experience this self doubt when experiencing actual illness health issues? posted from an alt
one nostril starting to swell up this started yesterday morning. i had dreams of having a sinus infection and one nostril has been clogged ever since. it doesnt change from one side to the other like typical congestion. ive used some oxymethoziline and zicam but the top part of my nostril is still clogged. it feels like somethings stuck in there. ive used my neti pot 3 4 times since then but nothing comes out. no mucus, no pressure just a nagging swelling. is this just a common cold coming on? nasal polyps? i really dont wanna go see an ent because i just saw one 3 4 months ago for allergies and they said my sinuses were healthy. if i lift up my nose and look inside it seems like the top of my nostril is more swollen on one side then the other.
health anxiety symptoms hi guys, they said i have health anxiety, but i can't believe them because the symptoms are very real. sometimes, i don't know if this is really anxiety. i went to hospital a lot of times and they said they don't find anything aside from my tubercolosis. but my doctor said that my tb is just mild and i don't have cough so it's not a reason yet to give me shortness of breath. i also had three ecg's and it all came up normal. it is really possible that you will just experience anxiety symptoms without any reason? like i'm just playing computer and suddenly i can't breath. i worry most when i can't breath. yes! i can't breath. it's just suddenly. i m not anxious about anything then suddenly i can't just breath. thanks guys!
aches and pains after a flu hey all. so i was suffering from a gastro flu for the last 5 weeks. reduced appetite, nausea, chills, aches and pains, diarrhea etc. all the good stuff. felt like it took forever to get over. i even had a bad relapse last weekend.... anyway, i seem to be coming out the other end and am starting to feel better. however, i am still getting aches and pains in my muscles. seems to be pretty inconsistent, sometimes it's my back muscles around my shoulder blades , sometimes it's my shoulders, arms, and forearms. i've had it in my legs too but that seems to have died down. anyone else have aches and pains last for a long time after the flu? if so how long we talking? a couple of weeks after? or a month? thanks for reading!
scared of dying from the flu i just started working at walgreens 3 days ago. i ve successfully avoided the public since the flu epidemic for the last few months so jumping into a job where sick people come in all day nonstop has sent me to a whirlwind of anxiety. last night my throat started itching and hurting but i just said it was from talking so much at my new job. 24 hours later here i am with a cough, sore throat, and a fever of 100.2 i know it s not strep because my tonsils are fine. i m sure it s the flu i m delirious and having panic attacks because of feeling bad and being scared that i m going to die. i don t like taking medicine whatsoever and especially not cold and flu medicine because of how loopy it makes me feel. i m so scared
meditation and overthinking to be honest, i ve only tried meditating twice now. but i ve seen amazing results. the first time i did it for 10 minutes, and immediately after i felt calm enough to send an email to my boss that i was anxious about sending. about 10 mins ago i started it again and i m honestly so surprised with the result. i feel like i can focus on my university goals and can stop myself from scrolling endlessly. all of the voices in my head disappear and are replaced with what feels like 1 good leading voice. it makes me feel a lot happier knowing i can dedicate 10 minutes of my day to just breathing in absolute silence without having to stress over anything in that time. hopefully in the future this can do more amazing things
one common anxious thought that many people experience is, what if i can't handle this situation? i might make a mistake or embarrass myself in front of others. what will they think of me? this thought can be particularly intense during new or challenging experiences, such as starting a new job or speaking in public. these thoughts can lead to feelings of anxiety and fear, making it difficult for a person to focus on the task at hand or take meaningful action. they may also experience physical symptoms, such as a racing heart, sweating, or trembling, which can further fuel their anxiety. however, it's important to remember that anxious thoughts are often not a reflection of reality, and that everyone makes mistakes and experiences moments of
i hit my head on a wooden door, should i see a doctor? earlier today i hit my head on a wooden door and it hurt for a bit and got me a light bruise in that area. after like a minute or two the hurting stopped and i felt fine. after like 10min however, my eyes started to feel weird like my perception has changed, i'm still able to type and stuff and i'm not dizzy nor do i have a headache. i even went ahead and played a game to see if i could focus and i was fine. i took a nap to see if it would help, i woke up an hour earlier and it still feels weird. i was just wondering, is this something i shouldn't be so anxious about or should i go to the doctor? it might just be my anxiety playing tricks on me which has happened before but i'm not sure.
shin indent wearing socks? hi all. first off i've seen about 3 doctors through my university and they have all said what i have is 'normal asymmetry'. on my inner, left shin there's this relatively thin 2.5 inch long indent feeling where the muscle tissue just doesn't seem to be there...or maybe it was damaged. the docs told me that so long as it doesn't impede any daily functioning, hurt extremely bad, grow, or and this is the biggest one eventually protrude that i am healthy and in my head. i just feel like something is there...i've gone to the point where i thought my muscle is deteriorating. however, around the area it sometimes feels like i'm wearing long socks even when i don't have any on. any advice for an excessive worrier like me?
cwd is freaking me out my uncle likes to hunt deer here in texas, and he sends us venison sausage from time to time after an especially successful hunting trip. i just ate some of this sausage not too long ago with my family. now after reading a bit about what cwd is and how scientists are researching its compatibility with humans, i m in full blown panic mode. i was doing so well these past couple of weeks but i can not stop worrying about the possibility of me becoming a zombie! he has the sausage made by what i m presuming is a professional and state law requires meat to be inspected for cwd, so i m sure if the sausage was indeed made by a professional it should be fine. i won t know for sure until tomorrow, though. wish me luck, y all.
what if i make a mistake at work and my boss fires me? anxious thoughts often revolve around potential threats or dangers, and can lead to feelings of fear, worry, or apprehension. they can also make it difficult for a person to focus on the present moment or take action, as they are consumed by their fears and concerns. anxious thoughts can be especially prevalent in situations where there is a high degree of uncertainty or pressure, such as at work or in high stress environments. it is important for individuals to recognize and challenge their anxious thoughts, and to engage in healthy coping mechanisms to manage their anxiety. this can include practicing relaxation techniques, engaging in physical activity, seeking support from friends
new moles anxiety first time poster, but a long time hypochondriac. it s genetics my family has tons of moles, but today i noticed 2 more on my stomach, or maybe 1 new mole and a weird red dot? it s making me extremely anxious. 2 weeks ago i was in and out of the hospital for some strep throat complications which has completely peaked my anxiety. i m only 19 and i m indoors most of the time and have no family history of melanoma, but i can t help but freak out. they re very tiny, one is small and brown but the other may not even be a mole? it s the same size, but red and not raised. no pain or itching. it s just making me paranoid. i have a doctor s appointment coming up soon so i m trying to hang on until then but it s driving me insane.
how can they challenge the thought? an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm going to fail that important work project and lose my job. this thought can feel overwhelming and cause significant stress and anxiety. to challenge this thought, a person can follow these steps 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought in this case, evidence for the thought might include past experiences of failing at work or feedback from a boss or colleagues that raised concerns. evidence against the thought could be successful projects or accomplishments, positive performance reviews, or a record of meeting project deadlines. 2. consider the magnitude of the thought the person might ask themselves how serious the outcome of the thought really
health anxiety is a beast i m just having one of those nights weeks month where the anxiety is piling up. my son was recently diagnosed with a form of epilepsy and my daughter will be starting speech therapy soon, amongst other things going on. i ve had pretty severe health anxiety over the course of my life 32 f but this year it seems to be peaking. i m currently on the tail end of a week long brain tumor worry and i found my self going down the google rabbit hole again tonight after reading a news article about silent brain tumor symptoms . it s been a rough night. i really thought i could see the light at the end of this tunnel. ah well. just looking for some support and maybe we can cheer each other up. thanks for reading if you did!
gave wife oral so i have always been hesitant to do any unprotected sex because i am terrified of stds. but yesterday night i licked my wifes vagina for maybe 5 minutes without a barrier. we have never gotten tested for stds although my wife has had gyno examinations and pap smears and nothing has come up. also i havent noticed any warts or anythimg on her. i knowbit sounds silly, but what is the chance that i could get chlamydia gonorrhea? is it possible that she carried those diseases for 3 years since we met and i havent noticed?? is it even reasonable to think that tou could catch those from the activity described?? note that i do suffer heavily from health anxiety. thanks to whoever replies seriouslyand sry for typos im om my phone
explain what the thought is about, and describe how it is likely to contribute to anxiety. an example of an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone laughs at me? this thought is about a fear of public speaking and the potential embarrassment or humiliation that could come with making a mistake in front of an audience. the thought itself is not necessarily problematic on its own, as making mistakes is a natural part of life, and everyone has probably experienced the fear of making a mistake in a public setting at some point. however, the thought contributes to anxiety because it is accompanied by an intense emotional response, including feelings of fear, self consciousness
health anxiety that leads to new worries! had a ct scan i didn t need because i wanted to check for cancer of the pancreas, liver, and colon i know this isn t diagnostic and while all of those important things are golden....the ct showed mild urinary bladder thickening is noted anteriorly, this may be secondary to underdistension . have had a few drs tell me that that means my bladder wasn t full so it looked thicker. is that good enough for me? nah. has to be bladder cancer. gonna try to get a urologist to give me a cystoscopy because i am convinced, this time, this is the time it ll be real. i fucking hate myself. my pcp begged me to not need the referral to the urologist. he left it in my hands and i had to take it. sigh oh, 37 f
finger pain throbbing my forefinger keeps throbbing for about 3 4 seconds then stopping for 3 4 seconds then throbbing again for 3 4 seconds, this happens like 6 times for about 5 minutes then stops and starts again after a random amount of time, i can't really liken any of my activities to triggering it. it is moderately painful, doesn't feel like external pain like a scratch or impact of some sort and feels more like a shooting pain in the sense that it feels as though it is rushing up the first segment of my forefinger as it pains me. i am a little worried i have some sort of repetitive strain since i do spend a lot of time on the computer and playing on a nintendo ds. really my question is should i go to the doctor about this?
fucking amoeba again i'm in egypt and, while taking a shower, i managed to inhale a small droplet of water up my nose. i didn't feel it, but i'm sure it went up there because i sniffed very hard and the ends of my hair, beaded with water droplets, were dangling right in front of my nostrils. i looked it up why did i do that and apparently the tap water here is full of that fucking amoeba that eats your brains. now i've got the 15 day incubation period to endure, knowing that every twinge in my head could signal my doom. fuck my life. worst of it is, one of the first symptoms of the amoeba is alterations to taste or smell ... i have a cold... which also causes that. and can cause headaches too. and sometimes even fever. fuuuuuuck.
i need help to fight. hi, i'm from turkey. i'm 21 y.o. and studying in university. i hate my familiy, cause they bring me full of problems. and last month, me and my girlfriend rent our house. but 4 days ago, she broke up with me. just a month... and now, i have comeback to my family's house and i'm full of anxiety. i'm so upset because i love my girlfriend. she broke up with me because i'm so angry. but the fact is that i'm trying to not be. but of course sometimes i failed. her and i, we were really good. we were understand each other perfectly. i really don't understand why is have to happen. she fired me. now i'm staying with my brother. and i don't want to comeback to my familiy's house. and i'm missing her. what sould i do?
does it look bad if i don t go to my friends aunt s funeral? i can t tell if i m letting my anxiety get in the way of social norms. i really don t want to go to this funeral. it s my friends aunt who sadly passed suddenly. my friend spoke a lot about her but i ve never met her so i feel weird going to this funeral. my friend is kind of expecting me to pay my respects and i don t know how to tell her that i can t go. am i letting my anxiety get the better of me by not going or is it reasonable not to go to this funeral? for context i ve known my friend since high school and we re both in out early 30 s. and i m reasonably close to her. edit i did go and it was fine and it made her happy. so in the end i m glad i did something good
talking weed use with therapist how do your therapists react when you tell them you consume cannabis? i ve gotten everything from the non judgmental does that help? to a full on rant about how drugs can cause more anxiety depression and please let us know if you re on other drugs i wonder if they re giving the same rant for people who drink multiple times a werk. i think my main regret with bringing it up is i feel like therapists don t see me as reliable anymore. which is really funny because i consume a very small amount of edibles about two three times a mo. and i don t drink alcohol or use any other substances. but i can see it on their face that they don t believe me. it seems like a catch 22. does it even help to be honest?
should i be worried about a possible auditory hallucination? hi guys, today i was on a empty street waiting for my uber when i heard a baby cry for about a few seconds, twice. i did not hear this sound again, and it sounded like it came from one of my houses, as some of the houses had their lights on. i did not see the baby though, and i have not heard this sound again. i am worried this might be the onset of schizophrenia, yet my psychiatrist said i do not have any of the positive negative symptoms. does schizophrenia develop that rapidly or suddenly, or is it more gradual. i did not hear anything throughout the day, so naturally, this has me worried. should i be too worried or was it likely a baby from one of the houses crying?
worried about my stomach started last night. i was drying clothes and i felt my stomach balloon up with gas so bad that i couldn t stand. it wasn t painful just uncomfortable. i started to panic. i went upstairs to my bedroom and took antacids because it s all i had. then i had to use the bathroom. i was still in panic mode as i could barely take a deep breath. it eventually went away but here i am sitting at work and my stomach is swelling up again and i m scared it s going to kill me. i just took a gas pill about 10 mins ago but it s not working and i m drinking water. it s so uncomfortable it feels like i m pregnant probably looks like it too. can you die from having gas in your stomach like this? my anxiety is making it worse
can anxiety give the sensation of food particles sticking in the throat? over the past week and a half i've been tortured with anxiety of having a tumor in my esophagus. i've had a feeling of a lump in the left side of my throat and it feels like little bits of food chips, breadcrumbs are sticking in my throat. initially this fear came from me overthinking symptoms of something else, and now it feels like there's really something in there. i've seen an ent and he wants to give me antacids for gerd for a week and see if it makes a difference, couldn't be convinced to give me an endoscopy since i'm young 20 and have obvious symptoms of anxiety, i believe. could my anxiety just be making me hypersensitive to the swallowing process?
i think meet all the requirements for colon cancer.... i ve noticed bright blood in my bm s for a few years but my gi doctor said it was hemmorhoids. it s usually blood that i see on the surface but sometimes it s kind of faded. i drink enough water and eat plenty of fiber, but i still find that i strain when i have a bowel movement, even when i use a squatty potty at home. i thought it was hemmorhoids that just wouldn t go away but now i m getting more concerned. i m going to the gi tuesday to assess but i m still very scared. i m 25 years old with no known history of colon cancer on any side of my family. i know my risk is low but i ve had this for at least five years and there s a chance i may have let it go on for too long.
small vent, i couldn t accurately state my objection when going for coffee with co worker so this morning i already bought a coffee and just started to drink it at my desk when a co worker came by and ask if i wanted to go get coffee. i said yes and said i will just continue to drink this one i have, but he said just get another one. for some reason he thought i was finished and said to get another one. he did eventually buy me another coffee so i just through out my half drunken coffee in the trash since he bought me one. i felt disappointed in myself for not being more clear. in this types of situations i have a problem making myself heard clearly and precisely. i guess there more work to be done. thanks for the vent session.
chest pain hello, i have been experiencing this random chest pain on the left and it has been very concerning for me. it started back in june 2017 random pain that comes and goes and only last for like a few seconds or so. it happens sometimes near center of my chest to the left or upper left near shoulder. it also disappeared and stopped after a few months then came back again in october and disappeared again and came back again. i've been to the doctor and he said my heart beat was fine, blood pressure was fine, blood test turned out normal mostly just need a bit of exercise to lower fat. doctor said it probably is muscle spasms but does it happen this often? it's getting really annoying and causes me to freak out sometimes.
how might a therapist help a person challenged by anxious thoughts? anxious thought example i made a mistake during the presentation at work today. my boss probably noticed and i'm sure they're disappointed in me. i might get fired because of this. my family will struggle financially if i lose my job. a therapist might help by 1. identifying and challenging the thought patterns the therapist may help the person recognize that their thought pattern is not based on facts but rather on assumptions and fear. they may encourage the person to focus on the evidence available to them and question the probability of the negative outcomes. 2. teaching relaxation techniques the therapist may teach the person various relaxation techniques
almost first public panic attack was standing in a room full of people for a work presentation. i was at the front and wasn't the focus but could be seen by many. i was bored so my mind was just humming along. then intrusive thoughts came, then a worse one. then i was thinking i need to leave, then i knew i can't, i can't leave i can't have space i am stuck, i need to run, then the room started kinda spinning and i got light headed. i grabbed a chair and sat down, nobody really cared but if i had not found a chair i don't think i could have lasted without making a scene or passing out. i guess this is about intrusive thoughts spiraling out of control. i didn't get a good nights sleep last night maybe that could have happened.
how might the person challenge that thought? example a person might have the anxious thought, i'm going to embarrass myself in front of my colleagues at the upcoming work conference. this thought can trigger feelings of fear, anxiety, and self consciousness, potentially leading to avoidance behaviors or other negative outcomes. to challenge this thought, the person could employ several cognitive behavioral techniques 1. identify the evidence ask yourself, what specific pieces of evidence do i have that support this thought? in this case, the person might recognize that they've had moments of stage fright or public speaking anxiety in the past, but they've also given successful presentations and received positive feedback from
is this anxiety ? i ve never considered myself an anxious person. starting probably last week, i ve had a strange urge feeling to breath deep, as if to catch my breath. it s like the feeling of turning the water on cold in the shower. once i take that deep breath, it goes away for a bit, then usually comes back until i do it again. yawning makes it go away as well. it s weird, it feels like i am now consciously thinking about breathing which i have never really done before . sometimes feels like my throat is tight, and sometimes this whole thing even makes me lightheaded. i ve been the the doc, had an ekg, chest x ray, all checks out ok. curious if i am experiencing anxiety? is this a symptom? any help would be appreciated!!
how might a psychologist help that person deal with this thought? an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm going to choke during my important presentation at work tomorrow. everyone will laugh at me, and i will be humiliated. a psychologist might help the person deal with this thought through various techniques, such as cognitive behavioral therapy cbt . one common technique used in cbt is called cognitive restructuring. this involves helping the person identify and challenge their irrational or distorted thoughts and replace them with more balanced, realistic ones. the psychologist might ask the person to imagine the worst case scenario everyone laughing at them during the presentation and then work through potential
literally freaking out about basically nothing i ve been going pretty good not worrying about any health related things and feeling great until today at work and i had a bit of indigestion when i got to work because i ve changed my diet and drink the man shake every morning and this morning i drank it way to fast thus resulting in quite a bit of burning in my throat. about an hour later i got a shooting chest pain which i know would of been caused by the indigestion but whenever it happens i can t shake the feeling it s something else. then throughout the day i get these nose twitches and got a fuzzy feeling between my eyes which i m assuming is caused by the anxiety but thinking about it just gives me more anxiety. big fun
let's consider the example of waiting for results from a medical test. a person might think, what if the test shows i have cancer and there's nothing i can do about it? i'll never be able to work again, i'll burden my family with medical bills, and i'll be in constant pain. this thought reflects the worst case scenario and can lead to anxiety and distress. it's important to recognize that such thoughts are not facts, but rather negative interpretations of uncertain situations. practicing relaxation techniques, such as deep breathing or progressive muscle relaxation, can help reduce anxiety and make it easier to focus on coping strategies. another effective technique is cognitive restructuring, which involves recognizing and
hair fall so i've posted here before regarding my hair loss issue. i mentioned in my previous post that i have a very oily scalp and a lot of dandruff on my hair and as a result i have bald patches. some people recommend me to see the doctor for second opinion so i visited another dermatologist today. she was able to diagnose my problem. she said i have a very severe hair loss at a very early age i'm only 17 . the problem she mentioned was androgenic alopecia. she said normal ly this problem is caused because of genetics but since none of my family members are bald it's probably due to an harmonal imbalance. so i'm wondering is there anyone who suffered from a similar problem and how did they manage to recover their hair?
i m honestly at a loss, i don t know what to do anymore i ve struggled with anxiety for years, but the way it s come back recently has me really worried for my well being. i haven t been able to eat properly in a couple weeks. i ll feel hungry, but i m so anxious that i feel like gagging whenever i try to eat. i m struggling immensely to complete university assignments. i keep handing in things late and poorly done because i just feel like i can t focus no matter what i do. i don t know how to bounce back. it feels like my only reprieve is when i sleep or get high, so i ve been doing a lot of that, but i know it s just delaying my inevitable anxiety when it wears off. i m really in need of help and i don t know what to do
how would a cognitive behavioral therapist help this person challenge that thought? example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail this presentation at work, and when i do, my boss will fire me. a cognitive behavioral therapist would help this person challenge the thought in several ways 1. identifying the evidence for and against the thought the therapist would encourage the person to think about all the facts that support and contradict the thought. for instance, the person might have delivered successful presentations in the past, received positive feedback from colleagues and superiors, and possess relevant knowledge and skills for the upcoming presentation. these facts would challenge the catastrophic belief that i
hair fall so i've posted here before regarding my hair loss issue. i mentioned in my previous post that i have a very oily scalp and a lot of dandruff on my hair and as a result i have bald patches. some people recommend me to see the doctor for second opinion so i visited another dermatologist today. she was able to diagnose my problem. she said i have a very severe hair loss at a very early age i'm only 17 . the problem she mentioned was androgenic alopecia. she said normally this problem is caused because of genetics but since none of my family members are bald it's probably due to an harmonal imbalance. so i'm wondering is there anyone who suffered from a similar problem and how did they manage to recover their hair?
when should i go to the doctor? hopefully this isn t against the rules. i keep feeling... pressure, i guess in my lower left pelvis and i keep thinking my back hurts. i m convinced i have a bladder kidney infection or something wrong in my ovaries... a cyst, ectopic pregnancy, something wrong anyway that will result in a lot of pain and obviously death. anyways, i m not experiencing pain as much as i am pressure and sensations if you know what i mean, but it feels so impossible to tell if it s just manifestations of my anxiety. i m on a tight budget and have a history with ha, so my question for you guys is do you have any ideas for breaking point symptopms or signs that i should wait for to see urgent care? thank you!!!
fuck lymph nodes i spent about two months completely paranoid about lymph nodes under my jaw before i discovered they were actually just part of the muscles in my neck. and now i've just discovered that a lymph node on the side of my neck is swollen despite feeling no symptoms at all and i'm freaking out all over again. you look on the internet and it's all hiv, cancer etc. i also live in a country where i can't speak the language and need someone with id to help me go to the hospital, but i feel terrible about constantly asking my girlfriend to go when i don't even really feel physically ill just to discover it's apparently nothing. i've had health anxiety basically all my life but the past six months have been crazy.
who else worries about other people too? does anyone else worry about other people near them getting sick? i was visiting my parents over the holidays and i was worried about my mom. i don't think she goes to the doctor unless something is super wrong but i'm worried she has a brain tumor because she forgot some things i told her. she is also a bit over weight and i was reading that women who are overweight have a higher risk of cancer. i usually see her once a year since i live so far away and it feels like when i see her she is so much older... and this week i was worried i have colon cancer. i think it's because i ate a bunch of chick peas and so my stomach hurt. i can't stop my mind racing and thinking the worst.
this thought should be able to be drawn or depicted in a simple visual piece with the help of simple shapes and lines. here is my attempt the thought is a chaotic swirl of lines and colors representing overwhelming and relentless anxiety. at the center is a small, frightened figure, represented by a simple stick figure, clutching its head and feeling consumed and lost amidst the turbulent surroundings. the lines and colors around it represent the constant racing thoughts and distorted perceptions that accompany anxiety, making it difficult for the figure to find any sense of peace or control in the world around it. despite its small size, the figure is unable to escape the chaotic, swirling maze of thoughts, feelings
question about recovering from ha first off all i want to thank this sub for helping me get by from a bout of ha recently. i've recently been through straight non stop ha for a month and i've been feeling some physical symptoms that come along with it but today i finally got an all clear from my doctor that i'm perfectly fine. it honestly made me feel instantly better. i got my energy back, appetite etc. but i unfortunately am still experiencing a few of them, more specifically, different body aches, suddenly feeling cold and this burning back pain albeit they weren't as bad as before. i just wanted to ask if psychosomatic symptoms last for a while or are they supposed to disappear right away? thanks for any answers!
fear of aneurysm had been gone for so long but now it's back ugh i've actually had been doing fine for the longest time, without any kind of hypochondriac fear. recently tho i've kind of developed this weird ass hell headache, it won't happen every single time but more often then not when i sneeze i'll get a brief shooting pain in the back of my head or feel this pressure in my head, i could cough and bend down till the cows come home without triggering it but when i sneeze it will happen. i've nervous about it though i've been trying to convince myself that since i've been having a lot of tight shoulder and neck muscles its more than likely related to than than anything else, but i still can't help but get worried.
i m not sure if i m anxious or allergic to alcohol pretty much title says it all. i recently started drinking 17m and i was fine in the beginning. i could drinking beer and liquor and not get sick. within the past 4 months, every single time i ve drank i ve gotten sick. i m 100 sure i m not drinking too much because i had maybe one shot and still threw up. when i throw up i start shaking uncontrollably and my face and hands go numb pins and needles. i m able to go to parties and i m fine as long as i don t drink. but if i have even one drink i will throw everything up. if anyone has any idea please let me know bc it s really frustrating. tl dr every time i drink i throw up and it s not because i m drinking too much
how might they manage their anxiety in a healthy way? how can mindfulness practices help? person a my heart races and my mind wanders in a million directions whenever i think about my upcoming job interview. i fear that one tiny mistake could cost me the opportunity. anxiety leaves me feeling powerless and exhausted. managing anxiety to manage my anxiety, i will practice deep breathing exercises and grounding techniques. i will remind myself that one mistake doesn't define my worth and focus on the things i can control, such as my preparation for the interview. mindfulness practices, such as meditation and progressive muscle relaxation, will help me stay centered and calm, allowing me to approach the interview with
scared i have lymphoma i have extreme anxiety and this has been almost crippling. i have 5 abnormal lymph nodes in my neck that are all over 1 cm in size. i m getting a biopsy today for them and i ve never been more scared in my life. i don t have really any other symptoms other than it s sore in the area, headaches, stuffy nose, and sometimes it s harder to swallow since my neck is so sore. i ve had the swollen lymph nodes for a month now with them gradually getting bigger. they can move around to the touch. i had blood work done 3 weeks ago and it came back normal . but i m still afraid i have cancer. i don t know how to stop assuming the worse. i can t stop looking things up with the only results being lymphoma.
how could this thought negatively affect a person? what evidence does the person have to support or refute the thought? example a person might have the thought, i'm going to fail my upcoming exam, no matter how much i study. this anxious thought can negatively affect a person in several ways. it can lead to feelings of hopelessness, decreased motivation, and increased stress and anxiety. a person might also spend an excessive amount of time worrying about the exam instead of focusing on studying. however, this thought may not necessarily be grounded in reality. the person may have evidence that refutes this thought, such as past academic achievements, understanding of the subject matter, and positive feedback from
convinced i have rabies i m so fucking exhausted with this god damn disease. i am. i woke up a week ago w some scratches on my hand that i didn t quite remember having... i have a cat, and we play and he s scratched me before, so it definitely could ve been him but my brain defaulted to a bat coming in my house. a rabid bat. see bat bites you can sleep through, so i assume a bat came in through my chimney and bit me while i was sleeping, i didn t notice, it got back out, and now i m infected with rabies and doomed because i was too afraid to see a doctor. i ve had dreams about it for days. my throat hurt two days ago on the left side. my leg right now is kind of sore on the outer part and hurts. am i going to die
difference between real symptoms and psychosomatic made symptoms? i ask this because i have been going through something extremely odd in the last year. all my medical tests suggest i am perfectly healthy but the symptoms i have been facing with are unlike anything i have experienced before. i am not just talking about your typical anxiety attack and heart palpitations but a constant state of bizarre sensations. my symptoms are severe insomnia constant irritability confusion and brain fog what i perceive as working memory issues muscle spasms jerks vision, hearing, and skin hypersensitivity i am not looking for a diagnosis just understanding the line between a medical condition and something that is just anxiety.
scared of brain amoeba exactly one year ago i was in new zealand where they have these geothermal pools which have a brain eating amoeba in them, which is why you shouldn't inhale that water. i didn't go into one of those but i did go into a normal hot tub and scraped my knee doing so. and i sat there for a minute before realising that it was actually bleeding so i went up and cleaned the wound and put a band aid on. then i sat back in but didn't put my knee back in. lately i have been freaking out over this because i have been thinking a lot about health related things. i have heard that if you do get infected you will notice the symptoms really quickly but since it's been a year i should be in the clear, right?
anxious thoughts can take many forms, depending on the individual and their specific sources of anxiety. however, a common anxious thought might be something like, what if i make a mistake at this presentation, everyone will see me as incompetent and i'll lose my job. this thought might arise before a work presentation or other important event, and it involves dwelling on the potential negative consequences of a perceived mistake. this type of thought can fuel feelings of fear, self doubt, and worry, and may contribute to physical symptoms of anxiety, such as a racing heart, sweating, and trembling. it is important to recognize that anxious thoughts are not reality, but rather a product of the anxious mind, and
how could a psychologist help? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i can't finish this project on time and i lose my job? in such a situation, a psychologist could help by using various techniques to address the anxiety. they might utilize cognitive behavioral therapy cbt to challenge the negative thought and replace it with more realistic, positive thoughts. for instance, they could help the person identify evidence that supports the belief that they can indeed finish the project on time, and challenge the all or nothing thinking that assumes losing a job is the only possible outcome if they don't finish the project on time. they might also teach relaxation techniques, such as deep
i messed up at work today and i'm terrified to go in tomorrow i messed up on a task at work today, right before i logged off for the day. the client escalated to my manager, and now i have an email from him saying we need to talk about this with the larger team to avoid such mistakes going forward. i know its not that big of a mistake, but i've just been really anxious about it for the last couple of hours. i feel like throwing up thinking about going in to work tomorrow. i get anxious thinking about a regular day at work everyday, so this added stressor feels like a bit too much to handle. i hate that i'm letting this take control of myself. how do people with anxiety deal with such situations at work school ?
i m really tired so i literally just came back from the doctor because i was convinced something was stuck in my ear i know.. don t even get me started . literally seconds after she confirmed that nothing was wrong, my thoughts went to a small mole i have under my toe, that my doctor checked about 6 months ago. she wasn t concerned at all. but somehow i ve managed to convince myself that somethings wrong with it. the only thing that s convincing me, is that it s not perfectly round and that it s dark brown which doesn t mean much really. it hasn t even changed. does anybody else find themselves desperately clinging on to symptoms ?. right now it s as if it feels wrong when i m not worried. it just really sucks.
what if i mess up and embarrass myself in front of everyone? here is a suggested response it's completely normal to have anxious thoughts like what if i mess up and embarrass myself in front of everyone? these thoughts can be overwhelming and make us feel uncomfortable. however, it's important to remember that everyone makes mistakes and experiencing a moment of embarrassment is a natural part of life. instead of focusing on the worst case scenario, try to shift your perspective and focus on the likelihood of a positive outcome. for example, even if i do make a mistake, people will understand that mistakes happen and will likely be forgiving. i can learn from this experience and use it to improve in the future.
describe what the thought is about, how it develops, and how it impacts the person's emotions and behavior. anxious thought what if i make a fool of myself during my work presentation tomorrow? this anxious thought arises from the fear of public speaking and the perceived importance of making a good impression at work. the thought develops when the person starts to think about an upcoming work presentation they have to give in front of their colleagues and superiors. they might begin to focus on the potential mistakes or mishaps that could occur during the presentation, such as forgetting their lines, stumbling over words, or making a factual error. these thoughts can lead to a spiraling cycle of negative self
how might this thought affect their mood and behavior? example a person might have the anxious thought, i'm not good enough for this job, i'll be found out soon, and then i'll be fired. this thought can have a significant impact on their mood and behavior. they might experience feelings of worry, fear, or anxiety, and their performance at work could suffer as a result. they might have trouble focusing on their tasks, make more mistakes, or become easily frustrated. they might also avoid taking on new responsibilities or seeking out opportunities for growth, as they fear they will fail and be found wanting. this thought pattern can lead to a cycle of negative thinking and self doubt, potentially contributing to
head pains are worse then ever lately. been fearing a brain tumor for a year now and i constantly get terrible heard pains. it can be on the top of my head, either side, wherever. they go in straight lines and hurt very very bad. i had heart fears last year and had chest issues but as soon as that cleared up the head fears started and have lasted for a year now. i m scared constantly and think i m going to die. these pains are just so intense. maybe it s brain zaps from missing medicine doses but i m not sure. it s been going on so long now and has been at its worst this last week. it s like i m having an aneurysm each time in the area it s at and it scares the shit out of me. anyone else got similar feelings?
fear of cancer hello, my friend 5 years ago was diagnosed with a big tumor in his head, which turned out not be a cancer. he figured out by accident, had no headaches and no symptoms like that. they removed it, but he went through a lot of stress and is still taking injections everyday. after this, me as a person suffering from anxiety, got to live with this fear, that there might be something in me, that i might not be aware of. and even when i have a headache or something like that, fear kicks in. no one in my relatives had cancer and i know that this already decreases the chances, but still, i do a overal blood test, once in three months. i dont know how to deal with it. i even think to do a whole body mri.
how might this thought affect the person's emotions and behavior? example a person might have the thought, i made a mistake during the presentation at work today, and my boss will find out. i will be fired. this thought can trigger feelings of anxiety, fear, and panic. the person might start to experience physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, trembling, and increased muscle tension. these symptoms can lead to further anxiety, as the person becomes more aware of their body's response and interprets it as a sign of impending doom. the person might start to avoid situations that trigger the thought, such as avoiding eye contact with their boss or avoiding work related conversations. they might also
how can a therapist help this person challenge these thoughts? example a person might have the anxious thought, i can't go to the store because i'll have a panic attack. a therapist can help this person challenge these thoughts in several ways 1. identify the evidence the therapist can help the person identify evidence that contradicts this anxious thought. for example, they might have gone to the store many times before without having a panic attack. the therapist can also help the person identify other situations in their life where they've felt anxious but still managed to complete the task. 2. reframe the thought the therapist can help the person reframe the thought by considering alternative explanations
i m really scared and proud i ve been taking the same adhd pill since i was a very small child and i had to switch on weekends due to a shortage. i have some history with certain pills and their side effects which is why i am so anxious. not the average side effects either, the 1 that most people don t get. the side effects were facial and tongue cramping due to a severe allergic reaction, slurred speech, throat swelling, and a tic like thing called tardive dyskinesia i am having waves of panic attacks, but i am so fucking proud of myself. i faced my fear, i took the pill. i did it. i faced my anxiety. this is a first as i usually cower to it. my anxiety is still going, but it s not used to me challenging it.
googling made me think i have parasites after suffering from a really bad ear infection, a cherry angioma on my lip rupturing, and finding a lump in my breast i can't stop worrying about my health. i just got an ultrasound and my bloodwork done with normal results so that eased my anxiety for a bit. however, my bowel movements have changed and i've been finding undigested food in my stool, along with other things. i made the mistake of watching videos on intestinal parasites worms and now i'm terrified i might have some. it's eating up so much of my time and instead of doing assignments for school i'm constantly checking my symptoms. i just wish i could stop being so stressed about it and relax but i can't.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like a constant storm in my mind. every day, i wake up to a tempest of fear and uncertainty. the simplest tasks become a mountain to climb. i'm always on edge, waiting for the next wave of worry to hit. it's exhausting. i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my thoughts. and the worst part is, i can't escape them, even in the safety of my own home. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt. i just wish i could find some peace and calm, but it seems like an impossible dream.
googling made me think i have parasites after suffering from a really bad ear infection, a cherry angioma on my lip rupturing, and finding a lump in my breast i can't stop worrying about my health. i just got an ultrasound and my bloodwork done with normal results so that eased my anxiety for a bit. however, my bowel movements have changed and i've been finding undigested food in my stool, along with other things. i made the mistake of watching videos on intestinal parasites worms and now i'm terrified i might have some. it's eating up so much of my time and instead of doing assignments for school i'm constantly checking my symptoms. i just wish i could stop being so stressed about it and relax but i can't.
2018, already panicking... so, last year, i had multiple blood tests an x ray and an ultrasound due to abdominal pain. i was also getting pains in my legs, and weird hot sensations too. doc said bloods were fine, no lymphoma or leukaemia, or diabetes, and nothing else to worry about. here i am 2 months later and i m getting pain in my left arm too. in the muscles specifically. no idea of the cause. worried as fuck. also keep waking up itching since i had oral thrush and took some meds, left me itching on and off and had a rash this morning on my arms. anyone have any ideas. all i can think is strain of some kind or low vitamin d but i d expect that to show up in a blood test. totally stressed about it all.
anxiety over tests hi there, aside from therapy, wondering if any of you could share advice about how to get over anxiety when doing medical tests. i recently had an ultrasound and was in tears during it bc i had convinced myself that something scary would be found. it was to the point that the radiologist came to talk to me and gave me the results on the spot. i greatly appreciated this but i understand is not possible every time. i have a follow up mri scheduled for next week likely to confirm an incidentaloma and i m having a very hard time. i ve rescheduled it twice and i dread the two days i will have to wait for the results. the anxiety is crippling. thanks for reading and any advice you can give me.
what could the person do to address that anxious thought? consider a person who is feeling anxious about attending a social event due to fear of being judged. an example of an anxious thought a person might have regarding attending a social event is, everyone at the party is going to judge me negatively and no one is going to like me. to address this anxious thought, the person could try the following techniques 1. identify the evidence for and against the anxious thought the person can ask themselves if they have any evidence that everyone will indeed judge them negatively, or if they're making assumptions based on their fears. they might find that there's no concrete evidence for the anxious thought, but
how might a person challenge that thought using cognitive restructuring?an anxious thought a person might have is i'm not good enough to get this job, they'll never hire me. to challenge this thought using cognitive restructuring, a person could 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought the person might recall instances where they performed well in interviews or received positive feedback from employers. they might also realize that everyone feels nervous before an interview, and that it's normal to have self doubts. 2. examine the thought's assumptions the person might challenge the assumption that their past experiences define their future abilities. they might also consider that just because
scared to death about my eyes i ve been having eye floaters that i can t seem to ignore, mostly when i go outside or look at a bright surface. i get super anxious about them, but really i only notice them if i start to look. i went to my optometrist last friday and he said that everything looked normal in my eyes at the time. but when i get anxious about them a lot i feel like i notice little pin pricks of light in my vision and other symptoms, but no loss of peripheral vision. i had pink eye at the beginning of this year and i think that may have been the culprit of these floaters, cause they only really became visible after then, but i just need some reassurance that everything is fine and will be fine.
worried about sepsis. i'm new to this forum, it's quite comforting to find people who experi3nce health anxiety and how awful it can be. i'm having a terrible day. i'm 23 and for my whole life i have suffered with urine, kidney and ear infections. plus a range of other infections thanks to cat scratches. i'm now deathly terrified of contracting sepsis, i currently have an ear infection and i'm just scared constantly. i don't know what to do. i feel cold and i have abdominal aches and i'm terrified of every symptom, debating whether i should have in and go to the emergency dept. i can't sleep and it's just affecting me greatly, i'm terrified i might misjudged a symptom and end up dying. not sure what to do
freaking out it s past midnight here and i have work early in the morning. i have been feeling this pain in the left side of my chest for the past hour every time i breathe. i don t know what it is and it s freaking me out. this is what i wrote out in my notes what i think i have gerd angina pleurisy what i m feeling dull pain in left chest area, towards the middle of the boob this is new and just started happening burning feeling in area before stomach starts comes and goes constant burning pain sensation in left chest area comes and goes randomly i don t know how to calm myself down. i can t fall asleep because i m scared because i feel like i have some sort of blood clot that will burst any second now.
scared to death about my eyes i ve been having eye floaters that i can t seem to ignore, mostly when i go outside or look at a bright surface. i get super anxious about them, but really i only notice them if i start to look. i went to my optometrist last friday and he said that everything looked normal in my eyes at the time. but when i get anxious about them a lot i feel like i notice little pin pricks of light in my vision and other symptoms, but no loss of peripheral vision. i had pink eye at the beginning of this year and i think that may have been the culprit of these floaters, cause they only really became visible after then, but i just need some reassurance that everything is fine and will be fine.
heart skipping beats so for the past seven months since a wisdom tooth surgery that did not go well my anxiety has been more health related, as well as manifesting physically. i have intense dizzy spells, stomach discomfort, etc. when i am especially anxious. today, i sat down after doing some cleaning and noticed my heart seemed to be skipping beats. i am not the most fit individual, but this was pretty low effort activity, and my heart was pounding. and every 10 15 beats, it seemed to skip one. i started freaking out, worrying that my heart was going to stop. i just went to the doctor the other day for a uti and they didn't notice anything off about my pulse so i hope i am just crazy. fuck fuck fuuuuck.
morning anxiety.. but only if waking before sunrise if i wake up before sunrise i feel a huge spike of adrenaline cortisol? it s not down to lack of sleep because for example if i wake up at 6 30 just before the sun it happens, if i wake up 15 minutes later when the suns up i have no anxiety. now the shit part of this is i need to wake up at 5am most days. i m not having anxious thoughts, just the physical anxiety. is this just a lizard brain thing because i m a bit stuck in fight or flight? like waking up in the dark makes my body prepare to protect me? idk. i ve ordered a sunrise alarm clock to try and trick my brain a bit. i m just wondering if anyone else has experienced this what your theories are.
healing my anxiety while back ago i started experiencing severe panic attacks. so severe my heart rate would be 160 180. i completely stopped sleeping. even when i tried to focus on sleep i d only nap for 20 30 mins a day. i stopped eating and drinking water to the point where my kidneys and liver were severely dry. i lost 25 pounds in just the span of 2 weeks. i started therapy a month ago. everything has been going well. my only problem is that i m on lorazepam as needed and sertraline daily. and i ve let my therapist know that i truly do not want to be on medications. and she s advised spiritually healing. i ve been practicing reiki. and just curious if anyone else has resorted to spiritual healing?
what is the reality check for this thought?a person might have the anxious thought i made a mistake in my presentation, and everyone in the audience is laughing at me. they must think i'm an idiot. reality check the person may have misunderstood the audience's laughter. they could have been laughing at something unrelated to the presentation, or finding the presentation funny in a positive way. additionally, the audience may not have even noticed the mistake, or if they did, they may have forgotten about it by now. the person's perception of the situation may be distorted by their anxiety, leading them to jump to negative conclusions. it's important to remember that people often make mistakes, and they
how would this thought be identified as an anxious thought? anxious thoughts are characterized by excessive worry and fear, usually about future events or circumstances that may result in danger, harm, or embarrassment. for example, a person might think, i'm going to make a fool of myself during this presentation. everyone is going to see how inadequate and unprepared i am. they will laugh at me and i'll be humiliated for the rest of my life. this thought is identified as an anxious thought because it involves a disproportionate amount of fear and worry about a future event, which is not based on current reality but rather on a potential negative outcome. anxious thoughts can be accompanied by physical
someone help me think rationally i know i sound stupid for this i really do and usually i can get myself to think otherwise but tiktok is always the perfect place to scare you for things. i saw a tiktok about someone with heart failure and i have so many symptoms i m always constantly extremely fatigued i get winded from just getting up and walking somewhere, it s extremely hard for me to work out, when i stand up my heart rate can go from 80 to like 130, i ve had a cough that i haven t gotten rid of in almost 3 years. given i am out of shape from hormonal disruptions but now i m nervous. i know there are other things that can cause this but now i m paranoid. someone help me think rationally about this
the whole congressional hearing about tiktok is making my stomach churn i am absolutely taken aback of how bad the xenphobia and racism is in the hearing. the congressmem and women are treating the ceo like a literal child. speaking to him in such an insulting, rude, and hostile way. my stomach twists and turns with so much anxiety, acknowledging how bad..bad these higherups are. care for the children they say, yeah..idk about that..seems like other social medias aren't getting as much heat. i feel sick to my stomach. i can't imagine being humiliated and disrespected like that because of my race and my successful business. be successful but never more than them because then they can't control over you.
crazy bloating hi everyone, i ve pretty much had my health anxiety under control until recently again. i started a super low sugar, low carb diet and gave up alcohol, well the past few days my extreme bloating had not gone down. i started taking probiotics as well. i was diagnosed with a uti today bc of the frequent urge to pee. my lower back hurts and i have a pinching pain in my lower left abdomen as well. my test came back negative but the doc said i had all symptoms of uti and was prescribed macro bid. anyway i also have a history of cysts and fibroids, i started googling and of course ovarian cancer came up. now i m freaking out and upset, anyone out there have crazy bloating with a benign reason?
they have a lot on their plate, and everything seems to be pressing down on them, leaving them feeling trapped and unsure of how to move forward. the thoughts in their head are racing, and their body feels heavy. they're having trouble focusing on any one thing, and they feel like they're drowning in their responsibilities. they yearn for a moment of peace and calm, but it seems out of reach. as they sit there, feeling trapped by their own thoughts and responsibilities, they take a deep breath and remind themselves that it's okay to feel overwhelmed. they acknowledge the emotions that are flooding through them and allow themselves to fully experience them. they remind themselves that they're not alone,
lower left back pains, muscular or organs? hello! amp x200b for the past week ive been dealing with pain in my lower left back and lower left side. i dont know what do think of it, my health anxiety says organs and i say muscles. amp x200b i tried to do some stretches on my left side and i felt that it did hurt and something stretched. then i tried the same stretches on my right side and i didnt feel anything so i guess tha side is fine . the stretches just gives some relief for a few minutes 3 4 but i cant convince myself that its my muscles doing it. i think its my kidney, so stomach, some else organ in my body thats making the pain. do u guys know anything about this cuz its really freaking me out?
how might a therapist help this person with their anxious thoughts? example of an anxious thought what if i make a mistake at my job presentation tomorrow and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? i'll be humiliated and lose my job. a therapist might help this person in several ways to manage their anxious thoughts 1. normalize the experience the therapist can help the person understand that anxiety is a normal response to stress and that everyone experiences anxious thoughts from time to time. 2. challenge the thoughts the therapist can help the person identify the evidence for and against their anxious thoughts. for example, they might explore the person's past successes in job presentations, or the fact
and explain why this thought is likely contributing to the person's anxiety. anxious thought what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work tomorrow, and everyone in the meeting will laugh at me or think i'm incompetent? this could harm my reputation and my career prospects. explanation this thought is fueling the person's anxiety due to its focus on potential negative outcomes and judgments from others. the fear of public embarrassment and the impact on their career can create a great deal of anxiety and pressure. these thoughts can trigger physical symptoms such as racing heart, sweating, and shaking, further intensifying the fear response. moreover, the person's imagination of the scenario
i feel physically sick whenever i open up to someone whenever i open up and share my feelings my body feels physically sick and exhausted. like it physically hurts. i feel so vulnerable like an open wound. i basically start shaking and feel nauseous whenever i do share myself. i m terrified of opening up, whenever i do i,ll just get shamed or ghosted. it feels like hell because it s hard enough to put myself out there in the first place. it s not even just deep stuff. whenever i simply text someone i worry i m bothering them and feel really embarrassed i m afraid of getting close to new people because what if they end up changing their minds get bored and ghost me? i m afraid of being forgotten about
dentist anxiety hi i managed to get through my appointment today, but they told me i have to come back for 4 fillings and a root canal and now i'm petrified. does anyone have any idea what i can do to relax before and during my appointment and also if anyone can explain what happens during these procedures i'd be really grateful. also, i'm 17 so anyone have any guidance on how to tell my parents i have bad teeth?? as they expect to be perfect but due to other mental health issues i haven't been taking care of them hence my cavities also, how do you know to trust a dentist? is it normal for them to look in your mouth for like a minute and tell you what needs to happen? they didn't take xrays btw. tia
then describe and debunk a common cognitive distortion that accompanies this thought. example of anxious thought what if i can't remember all the lines for my work presentation and i make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues? cognitive distortion catastrophizing catastrophizing is a cognitive distortion where someone magnifies potential problems and assumes that the worst case scenario will occur. in this case, the person is not only worrying about forgetting their lines but also believes that if this happens, it will result in an embarrassing and disastrous outcome. they assume that making a mistake during the presentation will cause others to view them negatively and potentially damage their
then describe a rational response that can help the person challenge the anxious thought and move toward acceptance or understanding of their anxiety. anxious thought i am not good enough to get this job. i've never had a job like this before, and i'm sure they'll find someone more qualified than me. rational response first, it's important to acknowledge that anxiety is a normal human experience, and everyone has thoughts that can be overwhelming at times. it's natural to feel nervous about a new job or challenge, but it's important to remember that these feelings don't necessarily reflect reality. here are some steps the person can take to challenge the anxious thought and move toward acceptance or
how could this thought impact the person's emotional and physical well being? example a person might have the anxious thought, what if i forget the presentation i'm giving at work tomorrow and make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues? this thought can significantly impact the person's emotional and physical well being in various ways. emotional well being this anxious thought can cause feelings of fear, worry, and self consciousness. the person might experience increased anxiety and stress levels, which can lead to mood swings, irritability, and even depression. they may have difficulty sleeping due to their racing thoughts and worrying about the upcoming presentation. physical well being an
how can i calm someone with an anxious thought?here's an example of an anxious thought a person might have what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone laughs at me? to help calm someone with this anxious thought, you might try the following 1. validate their feelings acknowledge that it's natural to feel anxious about giving a presentation and that mistakes can happen to anyone. 2. challenge the thought encourage them to consider the evidence that supports the idea that making a mistake during a presentation will result in everyone laughing at them. it's important to remember that people's reactions to mistakes are often more complex than a simple laugh, and that most people are
how can a therapist help the person challenge and refute these anxious thoughts? example of an anxious thought i made a mistake on this project, and my boss will find out. they will be disappointed in me and i will lose my job. a therapist can help the person challenge and refute these anxious thoughts by using the following techniques 1. identify the evidence the therapist can ask the person to provide evidence that supports their belief that they will lose their job. they might ask questions like, what specific mistake have you made? what is the evidence that your boss will find out about it? what is the evidence that your boss will be disappointed and take disciplinary action? the therapist can
explain how this thought can cause increased anxiety and physical symptoms, as well as behaviors that may make things worse. example a person is preparing for an important work presentation. they have spent countless hours crafting their slides, rehearsing their talk, and perfecting their delivery. yet, they still cannot shake off a nagging worry what if i mess up during the presentation, and everyone laughs at me? this anxious thought can cause increased anxiety and physical symptoms due to the body's natural stress response. when faced with a perceived threat or stressor, the body triggers a fight or flight response, preparing the body to either confront the threat or flee from it. in this case
i understand adjusting to new medication, but why up dose when it is not working? i do a lot of reading on medications, trying to match myself to the right prescription. the wait times for psych are extremely long over a year in my country and a lot of guesswork falls on family doctors. i also work in medicine. one aspect i see over and over again is if the medication is not working, the dosage is upped. i see a lot of people discuss this on reddit as well. i felt worse so we upped it to xx mg and now i feel better. does anyone know the reason why? if we are telling our doctors that the medication makes us feel worse or causes unwanted side effects, why would increasing the dosage make it better?
kidney infection anyone? 21m had some weird urinary symptoms. left it longer than i should have. health anxiety struck and i'd convinced myself it was a uti that'd spread to the kidneys, and obviously death was imminent. went to the walk in and they said urine looked good no uti , but they'd do the sti tests. whatever. now i'm convinced that they didn't look hard enough into the uti and that it's already spread to the kidneys and gone septic. i started feeling sick and got a fever last night. probably a cold or something cuz i was out in a big city all weekend but obviously it's all connected in my mind. taking everything in me to not go to the er and wait to go to the non emerg clinic tomorrow.
then describe the physiological response that could accompany that thought and what cognitive distortions could be contributing to it. example a person might have the anxious thought, i have to give a presentation at work next week, and what if i mess up and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? physiological response the person may experience an increased heart rate, sweating, trembling, or shaking hands. they might feel butterflies in their stomach or have trouble catching their breath. their muscles might tense up, and they might experience dry mouth or headaches. these physical symptoms are the body's way of preparing for a fight or flight response, even though there is no actual danger present.
ct scan coming up. i went to my primary a few weeks ago for what i suspected was a uti. turns out it wasn't and i was referred to a urologist. the doctor made me extremely nervous, said there was some trace blood in my urine and wants me to go in for a contrasting ct scan and then have a cystoscopy. i'm beyond to pieces right now. i haven't been able to focus at work or at home. i just keep thinking it's cancer even though there's no history in my family of bladder or kidney cancers and i'm only 29. it's all i can do not to google myself into a panic attack. the tests are still a week away does anyone have any advice or any stories of similar events that might help me get through the next week.
what can a person do to counteract that thought and manage their anxiety? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to fail this presentation at work, and everyone will think i'm incompetent. to counteract this anxious thought and manage their anxiety, a person can try the following techniques 1. challenge the thought is there evidence to support this belief? have they failed presentations in the past, but still managed to progress in their careers? is it possible that their colleagues will be more focused on their own presentations than the presenter's performance? by examining the evidence and questioning the validity of the thought, the person can gain perspective and
what s happening? i ve always known i have pretty bad anxiety, and i was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder in the past year. today a pretty scary situation happened and i ve started realizing that i lose memory of events that cause me a lot of anxiety, or i ll forget a lot of details about them. it happened only two hours ago and i wouldn t be able to explain the situation to someone if they were to ask me about it now. i know i have anxiety but i can t recall times of feeling incredibly anxious. i know it happens because i know how it feels, i just don t remember why i was feeling it. i was wondering if anyone experienced anything similar, and if someone knows what might be going on? thanks.
then describe some common reactions or coping mechanisms that might help that person deal with the anxiety. example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail this presentation at work tomorrow. my colleagues will lose respect for me and i'll be demoted. common reactions or coping mechanisms 1. cognitive restructuring this is a technique where one identifies and challenges the irrational or distorted thoughts that fuel anxiety. the person could remind themselves that a single presentation doesn't determine their worth or their colleagues' respect. they might also consider past successful presentations and the positive feedback they received. 2. deep breathing deep, controlled breathing exercises
pain in front of neck? thyroid? cancer? i m legitimately freaking out. i have no health insurance and won t for a couple months and i woke up this morning and noticed it hurt to bend my neck upwards. and i pressed where your thyroid is. where i would have an adam s apple if i were a guy and it hurt so bad. it s extremely tender and sore and every position i can feel it. almost like it s tight. i can t tell if there s a lump or anything but the pain scares me. it really is sore and like a 6 on pain scale. everything i ve read is saying get it checked it out and could be cancerous. i don t know what to do or what to think. haven t had a health scare in over a year and now i can t even function.
what if i never get this report done on time and my boss thinks i'm incapable? answer it's common for people to have anxious thoughts, especially when they're under pressure to meet a deadline or face a challenging task. in your example, the person might be worrying about not being able to complete a report on time and their boss's perception of their abilities. this thought is based on a fear of negative consequences, such as their boss losing faith in their abilities or being disappointed. these types of thoughts can lead to feelings of anxiety, stress, and even panic. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are just that thoughts and not reality. they can be challenged and replaced
a person might think what if i make a mistake in this presentation and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? i'll lose my job and then i won't be able to pay my bills or support my family. this anxious thought is an example of catastrophic thinking, which involves blowing a small problem out of proportion and assuming the worst case scenario. it's important to remember that most things don't turn out as badly as we imagine them in our minds. it's helpful to challenge these thoughts and focus on the evidence that contradicts them. in this case, the person might remind themselves that they've given presentations before and have always received positive feedback. they might also remember that making
i don t wanna dieeeeeee i m not dying but i m scared i m gonna get lung cancer lol kill me. my mom smokes and i m fucking 16 and idk why i m paranoid ab this now it s just stupid. been like this ever since fucking last year when i had a lump in my jawline. it turned out to be a swollen salvitory gland or something and basically nothing. my doctor told me it could be cause for concern when he felt it fuck him so we looked shit up and it caused me to be concerned lmao. it came back tho but i think this is just a swollen lymph node because i think i have bronchitis or the cold or something who knows but still i get overly paranoid especially after drinking coffee i prolly gonna have to quit it.
health anxiety is the worst health anxiety can be so incredibly difficult. i've struggled with health related anxiety, alongside other anxiety struggles, my entire life. it seems as though when one 'health worry' disappears could take days, weeks, months a new one appears. it's absolutely exhausting and takes over my mind for the entire day. has anyone found improvement from therapy, and if so did you seek a certain type of therapy? i'm going back on my medication antidepressants after coming off of them a few years ago. this past month has been almost unbearable, and things have been bad since the summer after suffering a skin cancer scare. any tips for coping? today has been really rough.
fear of colon cancer hello. this might be a bit tmi but i need help here. earlier this week a had developed a hemorrhoid on the outside of my anus. it pretty much covers the hole. i wasn t really paying attention to my feces too much but for the past few days i have been pooping very thin, flat feces. sometimes i have constipation too. i just did end a course of antibiotics about 3 4 weeks back doxycycline . i m worried it might be cancer. there s no blood in the stool. i m trying to eat cleaner for now and taking a fiber supplement. i have a lot of gas too recently. once in a while i ll have abdominal pain but it s minor and not localized to one spot. can anyone shed some light? thank you.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like a never ending storm in my mind. every day brings new waves of fear and uncertainty. i can't help but dread the simplest of tasks, and i'm constantly on edge, bracing myself for the next potential disaster. it's exhausting, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. even in the safety of my own home, i can't escape the relentless thoughts that race through my mind. i'm tired of being held hostage by my anxiety, but it's a battle i can't seem to win on my own.
what is the evidence for and against the belief? how would a therapist challenge this belief? example a person might have the anxious thought i'm going to choke on my food during dinner tonight, and everyone will laugh at me or think i'm having a seizure. this belief is often part of a condition called mealtime anxiety or mealtime phobia. evidence for the belief there are no direct causes or obvious physical symptoms that trigger this thought, making it challenging to find empirical evidence for or against it. however, the person might have experienced choking episodes in the past, and their fear and anxiety about choking during meals could be based on those experiences. alternatively, they
how do you know when it's real or just anxiety? i have a problem where i want to get checked by doctors a lot, even when they say i'm fine, i try to insist they run more tests. i've heard of people who will often have stories like my cancer wasn't discovered at first by the doctors, but i had a gut feeling and insisted more tests, and then my cancer was found! so, i'm not sure when to give up and accept it's my healthy anxiety or if i should trust my gut and ask for more tests and exams. my doctors said i am too young for breast cancer 22 but it's still possible, right? i don't know when to give up or if i should look into it more. what do you guys do? how can you tell if it's real or not?
adrenaline surges all day recently, i have been getting that feeling all day of when you get scared like your stomach drops and you get the rush, which i believe to be my adrenal glands firing but i could be wrong. what happens next is my brain starts to think that it s my adrenal glands so naturally i start having pain in my kidney area .. dealing with these rushes all week.. now that it s settled down it feels for like muscle pain where i perceive the kidneys to be even located. is my mind playing tricks on me? i m worried that it s like adrenal fatigue or something but every time i go to the doctor they just say it s stress. meditation, positive affirmations, and yoga have been helping.
this thought should be something that is not based in reality but is common among those with anxiety disorders. example a person with an anxiety disorder might have the thought, i spilled a drop of coffee on the floor, now everyone in the office can tell that i'm a mess and don't have my act together. this thought is not based in reality because it is an exaggerated interpretation of the situation. spilling a drop of coffee on the floor is a common occurrence and does not necessarily indicate that someone is disorganized or lacking in competence. however, for someone with an anxiety disorder, this thought might trigger a cascade of worry and self criticism, leading to increased anxiety and
sudden painful lump in buccal mucosa area sort of behind wisdom tooth, should i be freaking out? on friday after finishing a week long dose of antibiotics i began to feel discomfort when moving my jaw. i felt around yesterday and noticed a raised area or lump at the very back of my upper mouth, deep on the side of my wisdom tooth, in the buccal mucosa area as they call it. it's on the lining of the cheek in a weird sort of muscular pocket that moves when you move your jaw, hence the pain. would cancer grow this quickly? i'm quite sure this lump wasn't there before. salt water rinses do burn a little as though it's an ulcer or something, but i don't typically get mouth ulcers so i'm unsure.
i'm having anxiety during the daytime it seems to get worse. i live in a rural town overseas from my home country of australia. just some background info. i have thoughts because there are little places to go, that i'm wasting my time and i'm usually in my room all day, thinking, watching tv or sleeping. i have thoughts that i'm not being productive and that there arent many things i could do to be productive. this is what concerns me most. i'm doing a degree and that's the only productive thing i'm doing. i feel trapped in a boring lifestyle and i'm also living with my parents.. i've contemplated moving back to australia, but then i would have to go on a job hunt .. it's still an option.
then, describe how this thought might be challenged, refuted, or otherwise addressed in therapy. anxious thought i'm going to mess up this presentation and embarrass myself in front of everyone. in therapy, the therapist might help challenge this anxious thought by using various cognitive behavioral techniques. here's how 1. identifying the evidence the therapist could ask the client to identify any evidence that supports or contradicts this anxious thought. for example, they might ask the client if they've given successful presentations before, if they've prepared well for this presentation, or if there's any reason to believe that this presentation will be any different from the others.
anxious thoughts often revolve around worries, fears, and perceived dangers. here's an example what if i make a mistake at this presentation and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? i'll be humiliated and might lose my job. i've been preparing for weeks, but what if i forget an important detail or misunderstand a question? this could ruin my reputation and my career. i should probably cancel the presentation and save everyone the embarrassment. this anxious thought pattern is common for people suffering from anxiety disorders. it's important to remember that these thoughts are not necessarily a reflection of reality but rather an exaggerated perception of potential dangers or mishaps. counsel
an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm constantly making mistakes at work, and my colleagues are starting to notice and lose confidence in me. i'm sure i'll be let go soon. this thought might be accompanied by feelings of fear, worry, and self doubt. it's important to recognize that this thought is an example of an anxious interpretation of a situation, and that it's often not an accurate reflection of reality. in fact, research shows that people tend to overestimate the negative impact of their mistakes and underestimate the positive impact of their successes. therefore, it's important to challenge anxious thoughts by considering the evidence for and against them, and to focus on
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i can't finish this project on time and my boss will be disappointed in me, or even worse, i will lose my job? this thought can trigger feelings of fear, worry, and self doubt, leading to an increase in anxiety levels. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often irrational and not based on fact, but rather on fear and uncertainty. it's helpful to challenge these thoughts by asking oneself what evidence supports them, and what alternative explanations are possible. practicing relaxation techniques, such as deep breathing, meditation, or progressive muscle relaxation, can also help manage anxiety in response to these thoughts.
one common anxious thought a person might have is what if i say or do something stupid in front of my coworkers and they all laugh at me or think less of me? this thought can lead to feelings of fear, embarrassment, and self consciousness, and may cause the person to avoid social situations or speaking up in meetings to prevent any potential missteps. however, it's important to remember that everyone makes mistakes and slips up at times, and it's often the way we handle those situations that defines us, rather than the mistake itself. instead of allowing anxious thoughts to consume us, we can focus on building resilience and learning from our mistakes, rather than letting them define us.
how could cognitive restructuring help manage the anxious thought and related emotions? an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake at my job interview and they don't hire me? i'll be out of work and won't be able to pay my bills. i'll be a failure and my family will be disappointed in me. cognitive restructuring is a psychological strategy that can help challenge and modify distorted or unhelpful thinking patterns. in this case, cognitive restructuring could help manage the anxious thought and related emotions by recognizing and challenging the underlying assumptions and negative thoughts. here's how the person could practice cognitive restructuring to manage this
i need help getting over my fear of diseases like als i am 27 years old and have had a morbid fear of certain diseases like als that will dominate my thoughts sometimes. i first started to really fear als after watching a movie on lou gehrig 10 years ago. i ve never known anyone personally who has ever had als. every once in a while, i will go through a period where i just think almost constantly about it. the reason why i m afraid of als is because it s so terrible and as a white male who is decently athletic, i am technically considered more at risk than other demographics. i know 40 60 is when most people are diagnosed and i don t want to be thinking about als for the rest of my life.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like a constant storm in my mind. every day brings a new wave of fears and doubts. i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts that leave me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. simply stepping outside my front door fills me with dread, as if my every move is under scrutiny. i can't escape the relentless chatter in my head, and it's exhausting. sometimes i wish i could just press the pause button, if only for a moment, to catch my breath and regain some semblance of control.
describe how it's impacting the person both psychologically and physiologically. anxious thought what if i forget the important points i'm going to present at this meeting and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? psychologically, the person might experience increased anxiety, tension, and worry. they may have racing thoughts and find it difficult to focus on anything other than the upcoming meeting. the anxious thought might lead them to doubt their abilities and skills, potentially lowering their self confidence. physiologically, the person might experience various symptoms of the fight or flight response, which is the body's natural reaction to stress. this can include increased heart rate
explain why this thought is not helpful. describe a healthy alternative thought. example a person might have the anxious thought, what if i make a mistake during my presentation and everyone in the audience sees me as incompetent and stupid? explanation this thought is not helpful because it is based on a worst case scenario and reinforces a fear based mindset. it assumes that making a mistake in public is a negative thing, and that everyone in the audience will have a negative reaction. this thought can lead to increased anxiety and potentially interfere with the person's ability to perform well during the presentation. healthy alternative a healthy alternative thought might be, making
let me give you an example of an anxious thought a person might have what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work and my colleagues laugh at me? i will lose their respect and confidence, and i might even get fired. this thought can cause a significant amount of anxiety and stress for the person, leading to physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, or trembling. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often not based in reality, but rather a product of the anxiety itself. it's essential to challenge these thoughts and replace them with more balanced and realistic ones. for instance, i'm well prepared for my presentation, and even if i make a mistake, it's
head pulsing from medicine side effects. my suffering started when doctor prescribed me clonazepam and gabapentin. i took for just 2 weeks.ever since i am suffering from lots of side effects. well many have subsided or disappeared. as of now i am suffering from head pulsing, tinnitus and lower back pain. i feel my head pulse over pillow. if i try to solve tough questions, my brain starts crashing.it goes black. i cannot explain what is going inside my head . i went to 13 different doctors in past 2 month i thought i had some rare illness . stopped going after i realised i suffer from medicine side effects. everyone think it's all happening due to anxiety. this medication ruined my life.
brown line under fingernail okay so i have been freaking myself out here lately. i have this light brown line on my fingernail that showed up in august. along with that, i got these horizontal bumps that keep growing with my nail. i buff them out but they come back. i didn t think anything of it until recently when i noticed it wasn t going away. i m scared i have subungual melanoma. btw, i m a 20 year old female. also, i don t remember injuring my nail at all.. i don t have health insurance and i m a broke college student working a part time job so i don t exactly have the funds to see a doctor. i just need some reassurance or would like to hear from others who have had similar issues.
an example of an anxious thought a person might have is what if i can't finish this project on time and i lose my job? or i forgot to send that important email, what if my boss thinks i'm careless? these thoughts often revolve around fear of the unknown or fear of negative consequences. they can be triggered by a specific situation or simply by the anticipation of a future event. anxious thoughts can be distressing and debilitating, causing feelings of worry, unease, and fear. they can lead to physical symptoms such as increased heart rate, sweating, and muscle tension. it's important to recognize and challenge anxious thoughts in order to manage anxiety and prevent it from taking over.
rabies bite? hey guys. so everybody thinks i'm too imaginative, but i recently got a very small bite on my finger from my new three month old puppy. i've had him 10 days today, and he's great. eating and drinking regularly, playful, already understanding commands but last night i was playing with him and his chew toy and he bit my finger instead of the toy my fault not his, he's teething i immediately washed it throroughly, also used peroxide, finally placing neosporin and band aid. he's getting his last vaccine rabies in two days. should i be concerned that i have it?? he has not been outside or had any contact with any other animal since i've had him which like i said was for 10 days.
how might this anxious thought be addressed using cognitive restructuring? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to fail this presentation, everyone will laugh at me. this thought can be addressed using cognitive restructuring in the following way 1. recognize the anxious thought the first step is to acknowledge the anxious thought and label it as what it is a product of anxiety and not an objective reality. 2. challenge the thought once you've identified the anxious thought, challenge its validity and consider evidence that contradicts it. in this example, ask yourself what evidence do i have that i will fail this presentation? have i failed presentations in
describe what cognitive process led the person to have the thought. what beliefs are being held and how are they being challenged? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i keep making mistakes at work, i'm going to get fired soon. this thought could arise due to the cognitive process of catastrophic thinking or fortune telling. this person might be focusing on the negative events happening at work and assuming that these events will lead to a catastrophic outcome, such as losing their job. beliefs being held 1. perception of mistakes the person may believe that making even small mistakes is unacceptable, and they hold themselves to an unrealistic standard of perfection.
how could cognitive behavioral therapy cbt help this person challenge that thought? example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail my interview tomorrow, i'm not qualified enough. cbt can help this person challenge this thought in several ways 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought the person can make a list of reasons why they might succeed in the interview e.g., strong resume, good preparation, previous experience . they can also consider any counter evidence for the thought, such as their past successes in similar situations or positive feedback from previous employers. 2. question the thinking patterns the person can examine the assumptions and beliefs underlying the
they may want to be in control of their emotions and their reactions but find themselves constantly spiraling into a state of fear, worry, or nervousness. they might feel like their thoughts are racing and they can t slow down, like they re stuck on a hamster wheel with no way off. they may try to distract themselves, take deep breaths, or engage in calming activities, but the anxiety persists. they might feel helpless, frustrated, and isolated, like no one understands what they re going through. they may feel like they re a burden to those around them, and that they re not good enough, smart enough, or capable enough to manage their own emotions. they might feel ashamed or embarrassed
the person keeps checking the clock, thinking that if they don't complete their project on time, they will lose their job. they begin to worry that even if they do complete it, it won't be good enough, and they'll be criticized or dismissed. their thoughts become a vicious cycle, making it difficult to focus on the task at hand. they might also experience physical symptoms such as sweating, a racing heart, or a headache. this is an example of the what if thought pattern, where a person imagines potential negative outcomes and spirals into worry and anxiety. it can be challenging to break this cycle without the help of a mental health professional or supportive friend or family member.
what if i fail this exam and i can't graduate? is a common anxious thought for someone who is preparing for a major exam. anxious thoughts can be debilitating and can prevent a person from reaching their full potential. they often revolve around fears of failure, rejection, or loss. in the example given, the person is worried that they will not pass their exam and as a result, they will not be able to graduate. this thought can create a lot of stress and anxiety, leading the person to worry about the consequences of failing the exam, such as not being able to get a good job or being a disappointment to themselves or others. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often irr
my first post i am looking for some help i just want my life back. i know it's anxiety i have had test done that show me it is. the worst part is my left side of my mouth is pins and needles ans sometimes my left corner of my left eye feels stroke like. no change no droop and it's just a feeling if i pinch it i can feel it. the worst part of this is it had thrown me into dp dr which has been not so great when i am a dad to three kids and my wife. when i am in dp dr and feeling like i do my libido is shot and it's hard to feel love when you question every feeling. i am just venting. i know it's anxiety because when i am truly distracted it goes away i just want my normal life back!!!!
crazy feeling anxiety attack i ve had a couple anxiety attacks recently that really freaked me out they start in the middle of the night and most the time from me becoming super aware of my teeth then i spiral and have incoherent thoughts or like the same sentence just playing over and over in my head words stop making sense and my body feels like a machine i become hyper aware of my breathing and it doesn t feel right when it first happened i swear a past out and got transported to a astral plane or something like some tool album cover shit recently have been feeling like nothing is really real and just a result of chemical reactions in my brain yfm has anyone else felt this way too
then provide examples of 3 alternative thoughts to help overcome anxiety, for each anxiety inducing thought include a brief description of the evidence supporting the new thoughts. anxious thought what if i forget the lines in my presentation and everyone will laugh at me? alternative thought 1 it's normal to forget lines occasionally during a presentation. the audience is focused on the content and they won't judge me if i make a mistake. in fact, they might find my imperfections endearing. description of evidence research shows that audiences typically do not view slips of the tongue, forgetting lines, or errors in the same negative way they might perceive them. instead, they focus
my first post i am looking for some help i just want my life back. i know it's anxiety i have had test done that show me it is. the worst part is my left side of my mouth is pins and needles ans sometimes my left corner of my left eye feels stroke like. no change no droop and it's just a feeling if i pinch it i can feel it. the worst part of this is it had thrown me into dp dr which has been not so great when i am a dad to three kids and my wife. when i am in dp dr and feeling like i do my libido is shot and it's hard to feel love when you question every feeling. i am just venting. i know it's anxiety because when i am truly distracted it goes away i just want my normal life back!!!!
severe college anxiety i probably bit off more than i can chew but it's the only way i can financially survive. i am a full time student and work 30 hours a week, and i am in the army ng, not to mention i have also moved a lot recently and my few off days are spent running errands or appointments. due to this there have been several times i log into my classes and see that i just missed the deadline for an assignment. this has happened a few times and i am devastated each time as all the professors refuse any late work or makeups. now i nearly have a panic attack each time i log into my classes, but i also need to do it.. kinda just getting that off my chest but will also take advice
circulatory problems. cause for concern? i'm a very thin dude, just under 120 lbs and probably 5'8 or so. i have pretty big hands, long gangly fingers and have a friend my age who is 6'5 probably twice my weight , who has only slightly bigger hands. bad circulation is kind of a family thing, and my dad has troubles with it. every girl i've been with will continually comment on how cold my hands are, it ruins some things in that regard for me. sometimes when i start to get warm again after coming indoors or holding a cold one for a while orange spots begin to appear, but my hands rarely warm up to my body's temperature. should i care now or just worry about getting healthier overall?
an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work tomorrow and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought can lead to a lot of negative emotions and behaviors, such as avoidance, perfectionism, or catastrophizing. it's important to recognize these thoughts as part of the anxiety experience and to use effective coping strategies to manage them. some techniques include deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive restructuring, or engaging in mindfulness practices. additionally, seeking support from trusted friends, family, or mental health professionals can be helpful in managing anxiety and improving overall well being.
what are some of the underlying factors that contribute to this thought? example a person might have the thought, i'm not good enough to keep this job. this anxious thought can be attributed to various underlying factors. some of these factors include 1. perfectionism the person might set extremely high standards for themselves and feel they need to meet all requirements flawlessly to keep their job. 2. fear of failure the person might have a deep rooted fear of not being able to meet the expectations of their job, leading to a perception that they are not good enough. 3. self criticism the person might be overly critical of their performance and interpret minor mistakes as evidence
has anyone overcome this completely? i m really looking for hope that i won t have to battle this forever, i ve been dealing with it for a year now. i m 18 and i got my health anxiety from a panic attack on weed which i guess my me to aware of my heart and i started to panic. ever since i thought there was something physically wrong which doctors could not find anything, even nothing stood out to the neurologist. i even had mri of my head, neck and back. nothing. blood test nothing. tldr is it possible to become completely normal again? can health anxiety be completely overcome?! i really need hope so any success stories of you or people you know would be appreciated. i feel stuck.
what's the meaning behind that thought? example a person might think, i'm not good enough to keep this job. i'm making too many mistakes and everyone must think i'm incompetent. meaning behind the thought this anxious thought is a reflection of the person's fear of not meeting others' expectations and the fear of being rejected or failing. the thought may have originated from past experiences of not meeting expectations or from negative self talk, leading to feelings of inadequacy and anxiety. it may also be a result of internalizing feedback or perfectionist tendencies. this thought pattern can lead to unnecessary stress and distraction, impacting job performance and overall well
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. the smallest things trigger my mind to spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. it's like a constant battle inside my head, and i can't seem to win it. every time i leave the house, i'm met with a wave of fear and uncertainty. i'm exhausted from trying to keep up this facade of normalcy while drowning in my own thoughts. i can't help but fear what others might think of me, and it's consuming me from the inside out.
fear of abandoment i am in another city, away from all of my friends. i have developed this fear of abandoment. i feel like they will start to dislike me for whatever reason. i don't often interact with all of them by person on chats because we have big chat groups. i am bad at conversations one to one but i do my best to do small talks. i feel like they will consider me not a good friend for this. i try to check up on them but idk. i guess i fear that in time they will find me annoying and think that it is a one sided friendship. how can i reduce my anxiety about this? i feel like our connection is blurring. i love them but i don't want them to think that i don't care about them
should i just chill or go to the hospital? hey, a 18 year old man who has had health anxiety for a year now. so during last week i started getting hot flashes, feeling very hot during certain parts of the day, hot red cheeks also. yesterday i took my body temp and i have a bit fever, but today morning i didnt have at all, and again today when i checked my temp during the evening i had 37.2 c ii dont have flu though, usually always when ive had fever i have had the flu! i feel i like should mention this also i have anxiety like 3 4 of the days, really hard anxiety and health anxiety also, i always start worrying if i get some type of new feeling. what do you guys suggest me to do?
how might this anxious thought impact a person's emotions, behaviors, and physiology? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this anxious thought can lead to a range of negative emotions, behaviors, and physiological responses. emotionally, a person might experience feelings of fear, self doubt, embarrassment, and anxiety. they might also feel pressure to perform perfectly and worry about being judged by their colleagues or superiors. behaviorally, a person might avoid opportunities to present or speak in public, procrastinate in preparing for the presentation, or engage
doctor appointment tomorrow and terrified i have an appointment for a physical tomorrow morning. i haven't been in 2 or 3 years and this is with a new doctor. i have never been so anxious about a basic checkup before. i'm not sure if it's because of my current cancer fear lymphoma and or vaginal cancer but i'm a wreck. i'm so scared of my bloodwork coming back all messed up. i mean, even something like high cholesterol is going to freak me out. my new doctor has a patient care portal so i can log in to look at my results when they come in and even though it's probably a bad idea i don't think i'll be able to stop myself from checking. i'm just ready to get all of this over with .
trouble getting deep breath? i ve had trouble getting a deep breath throughout my whole life but for the last few years i feel like it never goes away. i honestly can t live like this anymore. i just went to see a pulmonologist and a cardiologist and everything came back fine. i know i have gastric issue hiatal hernia and that can be the cause but i barely even feel like i have reflux so why would the main symptom be this breathing issue? right now my mind is fixated on this ms hug and i have now convinced myself i have ms. i need to schedule an mri or i won t be able to get past this. has anyone else had this air hunger trouble getting a deep breath issue and actually solved it?
and explain the steps a person can take to challenge that thought, using cognitive behavioral therapy techniques. anxious thought i'm going to fail my job interview tomorrow and get fired from my current job if i don't perform well. challenging the thought with cbt techniques 1. identify the thought the person recognizes that they are having an anxious thought about the upcoming job interview and its potential impact on their current employment. 2. question the thought the person can challenge the thought by asking themselves if there is evidence to support their belief. for example, they might consider their past job performance and interview successes. they could also question
you can imagine the character as any fictional character you like or create one yourself a student preparing for final exams, a soldier in a combat zone, a ceo before giving a speech or presenting a major project in a large corporation, or anything else that comes to mind. your protagonist has spent hours preparing for this moment. in the quiet, dimly lit room, the weight of impending inevitability began to press upon john's shoulders. a mountain of responsibility that loomed before him like a shadow, stealing the sun from his otherwise well lit world. he took a deep breath. a familiar taste lingered on his tongue metallic, like the bitterness of uncertainty mixed with the sweet
describe how it feels to experience this thought and how it can interfere with daily activities. anxious thoughts often revolve around worries about the future or perceived threats to one's safety or well being. an example of an anxious thought could be what if i can't finish this project on time and i lose my job? when someone experiences this thought, it can elicit a cascade of emotions and physical sensations. they might feel a racing heart, sweating, tension in their shoulders, or a sense of churning in their stomach. these symptoms can be so intense that they distract the person from their daily tasks, making it difficult to focus on work or even engage in simple activities
let's say a person is feeling anxious because they have an upcoming job interview. they might think, what if i make a fool of myself during the interview? what if i forget everything i've studied and my mind goes blank? what if they ask me a question i don't know the answer to? i'll look so stupid and unqualified, and they'll never hire me. these thoughts are common among people experiencing anxiety, and they can make the anxiety worse by causing more fear and uncertainty. it's important to recognize these thoughts for what they are anxious thoughts and not let them take over. instead, try using positive self talk and focusing on your preparation and qualifications for the job.
explain the physiological response that might occur in response to that thought. also, suggest two ways the person can counteract that thought to reduce anxiety. example of an anxious thought i have to give a presentation at work next tuesday, and what if i forget all the key points and make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues? physiological response when this anxious thought arises, the person's body may respond with the fight or flight response. this reaction triggers the release of stress hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol. these hormones prepare the body for a perceived threat by increasing heart rate, breathing rate, and blood pressure. this physical response
explain what makes it problematic and how it can lead to unhealthy behaviors. an example of an anxious thought that a person might have is, what if i forget the lines in my presentation and make a fool of myself in front of everyone? this thought can be problematic for several reasons. firstly, it's a worst case scenario highly unlikely to happen in most cases. it's easy to focus on the potential negative outcomes, and this can lead to increased anxiety and stress. secondly, it can lead to unhealthy behaviors. for instance, a person might spend excessive time rehearsing their presentation to avoid the perceived error. they may also neglect other important tasks to focus solely
does anyone else fear they will constantly get food poisoning? i m a food lover and certainly don t hold back on eating new things. but over the past year, my health anxiety has grown to have a newfound paranoia...whenever i cook, i m scared i will undercook things like chicken, fish, beef, etc. it s not taking over my life or anything, but my boyfriend thinks i ve become a total hypochondriac! does anyone else have this? i have health anxiety generally and am frequently scarred i ll get the flu, etc. but food poisoning is a new one....perhaps it s because i ve had some bad bouts of illness over the past few years after travelling. how do you get over this unnecessary anxiety?
one common anxious thought that many people experience is, what if i can't handle this situation? i'll make a fool of myself in front of everyone, and they'll all think less of me. this thought can arise in various situations, such as public speaking, starting a new job, or even in social settings. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often based on worst case scenarios, rather than the reality of the situation. it's also helpful to remember that everyone makes mistakes, and making a mistake or two does not define us as a person. anxiety can be managed through various techniques, such as deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation, and cognitive restructuring.
remember that everyone experiences anxiety differently and this monologue is meant to provide an example of the thought patterns, worries, and rumination that can occur during an anxiety attack. please note that this is not a replacement for professional medical advice and if you or someone you know is experiencing an anxiety attack, please seek help from a qualified healthcare professional. in a dimly lit room, my heart beats erratically against my ribcage, each rhythm echoing in my ears with a harsh ringing. the walls seemed to close in, the air heavy with the weight of my breaths. i couldn't breathe. couldn't focus. the room spin as if caught in the vortex of a cosmic wind
first psychiatrists appointment. meds?! so i made an appointment after months of avoiding it being to anxious to call. i ve read here that ssri s are on of the go to types of meds to be prescribed for anxiety and panic attacks. i really don t want to take any ssri, i tried one for my depression, had the worst side effects and it also really badly affected my tinnitus and also sweating then i found out this group of meds in general is bad for people with tinnitus that s why i wouldn t want to take them again i know there are many different ones if i tell those three concerns is it possible that they ll prescribe something else ? i really can t deal with more sweating, tinnitus
the example of an anxious thought a person might have is, i can't finish this project on time no matter how hard i try, and if i don't meet the deadline, my boss will be disappointed in me, and i'll lose my job. this thought can lead to a cycle of anxiety, as the person becomes increasingly focused on their inability to finish the project on time, and the potential consequences of that failure. they may experience physical symptoms of anxiety, such as a racing heart, sweating, and shaking. they may also engage in avoidance behaviors, such as procrastination or seeking reassurance from others, which can further exacerbate their anxiety. ultimately, the thought can impact their
how would cognitive behavioral therapy approach addressing this thought and, ultimately, helping the person cope with the fear it's causing? example a person may have the anxious thought, i cannot handle being alone in the dark. what if something comes for me? this thought could lead to significant fear and avoidance of being alone in the dark. cognitive behavioral therapy cbt would approach addressing this thought in several ways 1. identifying the anxious thought the first step is to recognize the anxious thought and understand its impact on behavior. 2. challenging the irrational belief the therapist would help the person question the validity and realistic nature of their
180 on health concerns for a few months i had headaches several times a day and thought nothing of it. i mentioned it in passing to my husband who insisted i go to a doctor. long story short, i was diagnosed with a pituitary tumor. very easy treatment and no major concerns with it. the twist is the medicine i take for it has a side effect of increasing anxiety. for me this has manifested into health anxieties and 99.9 of the time at night when i m trying to sleep. i ll feel a pain in my leg or think i have an elevated heart rate or, or, or, etc. i hate that i ve gone 180 from being so passive to now fearful or obsessive. has anyone else had a diagnosis trigger their anxiety?
describe in detail how a therapist might help a person challenge such a thought. anxious thought i missed my bus stop today. it always happens. i'm so clumsy and useless. i can never do anything right. this just goes to show that i'm destined to always be late and incompetent. i will never learn to be on time or to function effectively in this world. a therapist working with this person would first aim to validate their feelings and experiences by acknowledging the importance they place on punctuality and efficiency. this would help the person feel heard and understood. next, the therapist might explore the evidence for and against the thought. they could ask questions like,
how can that thought be challenged?an anxious thought a person might have is i'm not good enough to get this job, they'll see through me and i'll be rejected. this thought can be challenged using several cognitive techniques 1. evidence ask yourself for evidence that supports this belief. is there any objective data or feedback from past experiences that prove you're not good enough? it's unlikely that you'll find substantial evidence to support this belief. 2. alternative explanations consider alternative explanations for any setbacks or rejections. for example, the interviewers might have been having a bad day or there might have been a hiring freezing due to budget cuts.
are my symptoms a result of anxiety or is my anxiety a result of symptoms of something that s killing me? it s safe to say i live my life with nearly constant anxiety, particularly when it comes to my health. i m hyper aware of sensations and little pains that come and go in my body at any given time. my life is kind of miserable as a result. in the quiet moments during a conversation i can almost guarantee you that s what i m thinking about. whether or not the pain i just felt in my head or torso is a symptom of anxiety or do i have some sort of cancer that s eating me alive?am i alone in this or am i just a crazy person? i hate to sound whiny, just thought i d vent a bit.
night time left arm pain any help here is great here is my issue. i get bad night anxiety. my left armpit feels tense after falling asleep for maybe 3 hours average. i then may feel it stem to the left side of my neck and dullness tension in arm. i always feel it is a sign of a heart condition but i believe it to be my anxiety. i ll then be up for 2 3 hours trying to feel it subside or me to become tired to fall back asleep. this really only happens at night. i feel five during the day. i sleep alone and i m 26. i do lift weights few days a week. anyone have any suggestions for me? i just want to live sleep like a normal person. really sucks. been going on for a few months.
chest pains curious if anyone has same symptoms as me, i ve gone to several doctors for chest pain mainly in my sternum, brain fog, fatigue, tingle in my hands, sometimes bit of confusion, amp breathlessness. i ve gotten blood work done and ekg s because i believe it maybe a cardiovascular issue but all came clear.. doctors believe it may be anxiety. i don t believe i am an anxious person and i am capable of coping with stresses which is why i m pretty reluctant on that. i have had a very intense last two years but i never believed it would effect me with these type of symptoms. curious to know if these are symptoms of anxiety? i am currently on hyrdoxyzin and 24 years old.
retinal detachment flashes how exactly do they look like? a month ago i discovered i have floaters and i am only 20 years old. read around for a while and discovered that the appearance of floaters is a usual sign of retinal detachment. however, it will also be accompanied with partial vision loss and light flashes. what do those flashes look like? are they like shooting stars? like a camera flash? or like half or all vision suddenly gets brighter like its 12pm in the middle of a desert? the thing is i sometimes feel like there's something flying by so fast like a fly or something. it happens once or twice a day when it's night and usually on the sides. should i be worried?
the goal is not to give them advice or solutions, but to validate their struggle and let them know they re not alone. feeling trapped in a mind that never stops racing, like a endless maze of thoughts and worries that consume my every moment. the weight of anxiety on my shoulders is unbearable, but i'm not alone in this battle. i hold onto hope that someday i'll find a way to break free and reclaim my peace. in times of overwhelming anxiety, it's essential to acknowledge the difficulty of the experience and offer validation and support to those going through it. reminding someone that anxiety is a real and valid struggle can help them feel understood and less alone in their
my mind is racing with a million thoughts and i can't seem to focus on anything. the uncertainty of the future is consuming me and i feel like i'm drowning in my own worries. i need a break from this constant mental turmoil, but how can i find peace when my thoughts refuse to be quiet? this thought expresses the feeling of being overwhelmed by anxiety, where the person's mind is filled with intrusive thoughts and they struggle to focus on anything. the uncertainty of the future adds to their anxiety, and they feel consumed by their worries. they yearn for a reprieve from this mental turmoil but find it difficult to quiet their thoughts. this thought emphasizes the need for
anxiety can be an all consuming experience, overwhelming every thought and emotion. in the throes of anxiety, it can be difficult to focus on anything other than the crushing weight of fear and uncertainty. every small detail can feel like a mountain to climb, and even the simplest tasks can seem insurmountable. in moments like these, it can be easy to feel trapped and helpless, like there is no escape from the relentless cycle of worry and dread. it can be a lonely and isolating experience, leaving one feeling alone in a sea of swirling thoughts and emotions. in the face of such overwhelming anxiety, it can be a struggle to find even a glimmer of hope or calm, leaving one
how might these thoughts be influenced by the idea of living in the moment and the popular phrase, let go of the past, live for today? a person experiencing anxiety might say, i know i'm supposed to live in the moment and let go of the past, but when my mind is consumed by the past mistakes and the fear of what's to come, it feels impossible to fully engage in the present. the popular phrase to 'let go of the past and live for today' may add an unhelpful layer of guilt and pressure to someone with anxiety, making them feel as though they should effortlessly ignore their past and present concerns, when in reality, the process of moving past anxiety requires more deliberate
i might be losing my mind... i ve been suffering from health anxiety for around 6 months now. in the last 6 months i ve convinced myself i ve had pelvic inflammatory disease, cervical cancer, arthritis, periodontitis, and most recently lymphoma. i have a swollen lymph node on my neck that feels like two small lymph nodes stuck together, i m worried they are matted, which typically points to cancer. i noticed the lump about two weeks ago, it s maybe 1.5cm in size and moves when i press on it. every day i bounce back and forth between anxiety and calmness. although i say this each time i think i have a new disease, it seems so real this time and i have no idea what to do...
then describe the emotional and physical response that might follow. anxious thought i have an important presentation at work tomorrow, and i'm not prepared enough. what if i make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues and my boss? emotional response the person might feel a sense of fear, self doubt, and worry. they may become anxious about the possibility of making mistakes, forgetting important points, or disappointing their colleagues and boss. this could lead to feelings of inadequacy and low self confidence. physical response the anxious thought could trigger a number of physical responses. these might include increased heart rate, sweating, trembling, and muscle
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake and everyone i work with is going to judge me? what if my boss thinks i'm not competent enough and decides to fire me? what if my coworkers lose respect for me and no longer trust me? what if this one mistake tarnishes my reputation and i'm unable to recover from it? anxious thoughts often involve a fear of negative consequences, an exaggeration of potential risks, and a lack of confidence in one's abilities. they can significantly impact a person's mood, motivation, and productivity. it is essential to recognize and challenge anxious thoughts to prevent them from leading to unnecessary stress and anxiety.
heavy deja vu followed by negative feeling so i have a health anxiety over my brain,fear of going crazy is my anxiety theme after i had weed induced dpdr and after reading something about schizophrenia my anxiety has been the worst.so 5 months has passed since that and i'm still feeling dpdr symptoms.and this one symptom is so bad and its deja vu and when it hits me i get this bad feeling that i am slipping into something terrible,like all of this happened and that bad thing will happen as well and i don't know what to think about that.i am so worried about my brain because this doesn't seem to be normal to me.i would appreciate if you could inform me a little about this.
how to get over anxiety about getting a job? i m 19 and have never had a job before, now that it s almost time for me to get a job i m panicking. my second worst fear is getting a job and nobody understands how bad my anxiety is around it. i m currently doing of as my job and don t make as much as a i would like, it s my ideal job tho and i have fun doing it. does anyone relate to this? i literally cry every time the job subject is brought up because that s how much i fear it. i suffer from bpd, depression, anxiety, ocd and ptsd. i looked into disability to see if my mental health conditions could qualify and i couldn t really find anything. any comments are appreciated!!
same time anxiety i ve been dealing with some health issues that have left me with no answers so my anxiety has been through the roof i ve been dizzy and exhausted from my anxiety. but i ve noticed my anxiety starts 5am waking me up from my sleep with a knot in my stomach, my heart beating out of my chest and an impending doom feeling then i lay in bed deep breathing. once i get out of bed i feel better. my anxiety is still there and then peeks from 12 3pm. then around 5pm i am like a whole new person no worries..enjoying my hobbies..eating as if i have no worries anymore. but then the whole process starts again the next day!! anyone else?! how to stop this horrible cycle
no relief... it's pretty frustrating but knowing my anxiety is causing me a lot of these worrying physical sensations, it doesn't make them go away. i'm well aware that i'm struggling with health anxiety and when things flare up i tell myself over and over that it's a mental problem but i still don't get much relief. i take painkillers almost every day for various aches and pains, i try sipping water when my throat feels tight. i know i don't get enough exercise it can exacerbate feeling shaky and lightheaded and i probably don't eat right either. i get low moods and feel unmotivated a lot of the time. any tips on how to self help? what small things work for other people?
how might a cognitive behavioral therapist help someone challenge that thought? anxious thought example i'm going to make a fool of myself at the work presentation next week. everyone will laugh at me, and i won't be able to handle it. i'll probably have a panic attack or cry in front of everyone. i'll lose my job, and my reputation will be ruined. cognitive behavioral therapist intervention the therapist might help the person challenge this thought using various techniques, such as 1. identifying the evidence the therapist may ask the person to consider the facts that support and contradict their anxious thought. for instance, the person might recall previous successful
they feel like they're drowning in their thoughts, and the weight of their responsibilities is crushing them. they yearn for a moment of peace and relief, but the relentless tide of anxiety keeps pulling them under. their heart races, their breath comes in short, shallow gasps, and they feel a growing sense of despair and helplessness. they long for a simple, uncomplicated life, but the complexity of their world feels insurmountable. the chaos in their mind threatens to consume them, leaving them feeling isolated and alone in the vast expanse of their own thoughts. yet, amidst the turmoil, they cling to the hope that one day they will find the strength to break free from
how can that anxious thought affect the person's behavior and emotional state? example a person might have the thought what if i fail this important project at work and my boss fires me? this anxious thought can significantly impact the person's behavior and emotional state in several ways 1. physical symptoms the person may experience increased heart rate, sweating, trembling, or gastrointestinal discomfort, as the body responds to the perceived threat. 2. cognitive distortions the anxious thought may lead to negative thought patterns, such as catastrophizing, overgeneralization, or all or nothing thinking, magnifying the potential consequences of failing at the project
how would you help this person challenge their anxious thoughts and replace them with more helpful, constructive thoughts? example of an anxious thought i have to give this presentation next week, and what if i mess up and embarrass myself in front of everyone? what if i forget my lines, what if i stutter, or what if people start laughing at me? i can't do it, i'm not good enough. to help someone challenge and replace their anxious thoughts with more helpful, constructive thoughts, follow these steps 1. validate their emotions acknowledge that it's natural to feel anxious before giving a presentation, and let them know that everyone experiences anxious thoughts at times.
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from person to person, but here is an example of an anxious thought i'm not good enough for this job. i'm going to make a mistake and embarrass myself in front of my colleagues. what if i can't handle the workload or deadlines? i need to quit before i mess things up even more. this thought can spiral into a full blown anxiety attack if not addressed, leading to avoidance behaviors, decreased performance, and even physical symptoms like increased heart rate, sweating, and shaking. it's important for individuals experiencing anxious thoughts to recognize them, challenge them, and seek support from a mental health professional if necessary.
hey guys! do you relate to this? i would be doing okay then all of a sudden anxiety would just flood and my body was go crazy with adrenaline and brain releasing all chemicals. then all of a sudden everything stops. feels like my brain just seizes and stops releasing adrenaline and other chemicals and just goes idle. i feel stuck with a blocked brain that wouldn't get sleepy wouldn't get scared wouldn't do anything. literally just blocked. it's a weird blank head feeling that would last for days until it gradually feels back to normal again and i would panic for some reason and the brain would go idle again. i don't know how to explain this. hopefully someone cam relate.
dvt... this is my first post here and i'm just at my witts end and need help. woke up this morning and felt okay besides my usual chest tightness. but a couple hours later i accidentally pressed on the inside of my thigh and felt the pain so i looked ane there's a little bruise there .. it is probably the size of a nickel or dine and is a bluish color. it hurts when i press on it but otherwise i don't really notice that it's there. however i started freaking out about the possibility of it being a dvt. anyone with words of wisdom would be appreciated for contacts i'm a 25 year old female, 110 lbs, not very active at the moment but i still get up and down through the day
the thoughts should be relatable to people dealing with anxieties in their lives, but should not include any statements suggesting a specific diagnosis, treatment, or resolution. for example sometimes my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a swirling vortex of worry and doubt. it s exhausting trying to keep up with the constant chatter in my mind, questioning every move i make. alternatively, consider writing a thought that may offer encouragement to those experiencing anxiety when my worries feel overwhelming, i try to remind myself that it s okay to not have all the answers, and that it s natural to feel uncertain at times. take a deep breath
write at least five responses to this thought, written as someone in the character of different therapeutic approaches. person's thought i feel like my mind is spinning out of control. i can't focus on anything and i'm constantly on edge. 1. response from cognitive behavioral therapy it sounds like your thoughts are racing and overwhelming you right now. practice bringing your attention to the present moment, and try to notice any thoughts or feelings without judgment. remember that anxious thoughts are just that thoughts, and not facts. focus on what you can control in the moment and take small, manageable steps towards your goals. 2. response from mindfulness based st
what could be the evidence against the anxious thought?what's an example of an anxious thought a person might have? one common anxious thought is i'm not good enough. this thought can manifest in various areas of life, such as work, relationships, or academic pursuits. what could be the evidence against the anxious thought? here are some examples 1. past accomplishments reflecting on past achievements and recognizing that you have met or surpassed goals in the past can help counteract the feeling of not being good enough. 2. positive feedback receiving praise, recognition, or appreciation from others can help challenge the anxious thought that you're not good enough. 3
starting to hate coworkers it seems like everyone at my job comes to work sick. my one employee is out today with a stomach virus but i'm terrified she's going to come in tomorrow too. i have a concert to go to on thursday that i bought tickets for months ago and i don't want to miss it. she rarely skips work because she literally can't afford to miss work, so i understand her need to come in, i just don't know how to avoid her enough to not get sick. the day after you're done throwing up is not enough to not be contagious and we work in the same room. i don't think i could justify calling off work for two days just to avoid her so i'm not sure what to do. please help!
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i forget the important points i need to discuss during this presentation? i've rehearsed it several times, but still, i might blank out during the actual presentation, and that would be devastating for my career. this thought may trigger a lot of unpleasant emotions, such as fear, embarrassment, and self criticism, and can lead to physical symptoms of anxiety, such as a racing heart, sweating, or trembling. it's important to recognize that anxious thoughts are often not based on reality, but rather on our fears and doubts, and that they can be managed through various techniques, such as deep breathing, visualization, or
an anxious thought that a person might have is i can't finish this project on time no matter how hard i work, i will fail and disappoint everyone who is counting on me. this thought can lead to feelings of panic, distress, and self criticism, as well as physical symptoms such as increased heart rate, sweating, and muscle tension. the person may find it difficult to focus or think clearly, and may begin to engage in avoidance behaviors, such as procrastination or withdrawing from social interactions. ultimately, the thought may prevent the person from taking action to complete the project, perpetuating the anxiety and potentially leading to additional negative outcomes.
how can the person counteract this anxious thought with realistic, constructive thinking? example a person might have the anxious thought, what if i can't finish this project on time and i disappoint my boss and colleagues? to counteract this anxious thought with realistic, constructive thinking, the person could ask themselves the following questions 1. what evidence do i have that i won't be able to finish the project on time? it's important to examine the facts and evidence rather than allowing the fear to control the thinking. in this case, the person may not have any concrete evidence yet that they will miss the deadline. 2. what are the steps i can take to ensure
how can cbt be helpful in reducing the anxiety produced by this thought? example a person may have the anxious thought, i'm going to have a heart attack during this presentation, and everyone will laugh at me. cognitive behavioral therapy cbt can be helpful in reducing the anxiety produced by this thought through several techniques 1. identifying and challenging the thought in cbt, the person would learn to recognize the anxious thought as an irrational belief and challenge it with evidence. they might ask themselves, what is the evidence that i'm going to have a heart attack during this presentation? or what is the likelihood of everyone laughing at me? the therapist
how to get doctor to order imaging of chest and abdomen and head as a bonus ? i visited a new pcp a few weeks ago it was my first doctor's visit in a few years and first since moving to a new city. they don't have any of my old medical records. i told him that i have a family history of a few different types of cancer lung, pancreatic, brain . i mentioned having a persistent cough, but all he recommended was prilosec in case the cough is gerd. i'd really like to get some imaging done of my lungs and abdomen i've had very minor pain in my left side around my ribs for years to rule anything out. is there something else i can tell him so that i can get an mri or ct scan?
pain in left side of chest top of rib cage does anyone else get a pain in the area like just below where the boob is would be. i have had like a nagging pain there that comes and goes randomly most of the week and don t know why. of course the first thought is heart related because, 20 year olds have so many heart attacks. the logical part of my brain tells me it s indigestion or i m just backed up or something. but the terrible part of the brain says a heart attack is imminent. just wondering if anyone has had similar experience and or have any tricks to prove to themselves that whatever it is your feeling is not a heart attack but more likely nothing serious at all.
anyone else always seem to see news articles on what your scared of? i have only been up an hour and so far on facebook i have seen two news articles on brain cancer. one titled girl diagnosed with terminal brain cancel after routine eye exam which is absolutely my worst fear so now i m convinced it will happen to me. a lot of my anxiety is centred around brain tumours especially around symptoms with my eyes. and then a few weeks ago i also kept get recommended on my youtube girl plays guitar during brain surgery then a week later the same thing but with a guy. how do you not see this as signs that you have that too? one article has literally ruined my whole day now.
one common anxious thought is what if i make a mistake and everyone will laugh at me? this thought can trigger feelings of embarrassment, shame, and fear. it can lead to avoidance behaviors, such as avoiding social situations or speaking up in a group, to prevent the possibility of making a mistake and being ridiculed. these thoughts can be debilitating and can negatively impact a person's quality of life. it's important to recognize and challenge these thoughts with evidence based cognitive behavioral strategies, such as identifying the evidence for and against the thought, considering alternative explanations, and practicing relaxation techniques to manage anxiety.
i don t wanna be like this anymore i ve been dealing with health anxiety ever since my mom was diagnosed with cancer. every time i have some symptom, i google for hours until i ve convinced myself i have days left to live and have to go to the doctor right away. i saw my doctor yesterday and i could tell he thought i was insane and told me to stop googling stuff. it s honestly so embarrassing and i feel like i have no control over myself anymore. he referred me to a psychologist within the first like 5 minutes of us talking. i m just embarrassed and everyone around me is so annoyed with me constantly thinking i have some issue. i wish i could just get over this. rant
how might cognitive behavioral techniques be used to address this thought and reduce anxiety? example of an anxious thought i might say something stupid during the job interview, and then they won't hire me. cognitive behavioral techniques can be employed to help challenge and replace this anxious thought with more adaptive and less distressing alternatives. the following are some techniques that can be used 1. identifying the thought recognizing that the thought i might say something stupid during the job interview, and then they won't hire me is an example of an anxious thought, and understanding that such thoughts are common in anxiety. 2. questioning the thought
does anyone ever feel physically tired because of their ha? i mean like physically tired, drained, etc... i feel like a lot of times im looking for a reason i feel tired, despite nothing being wrong with me. i have essential tremor or bfs, but i was technically diagnosed with et . i worried about parkinsons for awhile but it's pretty clear i don't have that or ms just slightly twitches every now and agan . however my main problem is my legs will feel slightly sore or ill feel tired and just run down, and i keep looking for reasons that may be....but maybe it's the ocd anxiety itself making me tired? is that possible? i feel like my energy adjusts with my mood a lot.
lump on back of neck? i m a 16 yr old female and earlier today when i was brushing my hair, on the left side of my neck, in the back right at my hair line i brushed past something that sorta stung but i didn t think anything of it, then today when i was washing my hair i felt it again and now i m spiraling. to me it feels relatively small. when my neck is extended it feels harder but when i m relaxed it doesn t feel too hard. it feels under the skin. i had my sister look at it and she thinks it s merely a pimple or something and my mom says i should update her in a well about it. but of course i googled it and now i m unsure if i ll be able to stop thinking about it
this thought should include some level of catastrophic thinking and may also reference some aspect of the pandemic. one common anxious thought during the pandemic might be even if i follow all the safety guidelines perfectly, i could still accidentally get infected and bring the virus back to my family. my child goes to daycare and there's always the risk of them being exposed there. my elderly parent lives with me, and i can't bear the thought of them getting sick. the hospital beds are filling up and there's no vaccine yet. what if something happens to me and i can't be there to take care of them? i need to be superman and keep everyone safe all by myself, but i'm
i hate getting anxiety attacks over small shit. so, just a second ago my phone stopped randomly working. i could open apps but couldn t scroll or do anything once i was in the app. i got super anxious and was at the verge of tears because im a fucking idiot that was like oh god now my phones not working now i need to save up money so i can buy a new phone because this phone will never work again!!! i hate that i get scared for such small things, cause i m tired of getting anxiety attacks over my charger not working for half a second, thinking i ve dropped my keys only to find out they re in my back pocket or something. it s horrible and i want it to stop, right now.
then, write a 5 7 sentence response as a mental health professional. person i can t stop thinking about all the things that could go wrong. i feel like i m constantly on edge, waiting for the next disaster to strike. i can t concentrate on anything because of this overwhelming fear. help me, please. mental health professional i understand how difficult it is to live with constant fear and uncertainty. anxiety can be a debilitating condition, making it hard to focus on the present moment and find joy in everyday life. it s essential to know that you are not alone, and there are effective ways to manage your anxiety. it may be helpful to practice relaxation techniques
one common example of an anxious thought is, what if i can't finish this project on time and my boss will think i'm incompetent and i'll lose my job? this thought can lead to feelings of worry, fear, and even panic, and can cause the person to experience physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, or shaking. the thought may be based on a perceived lack of control over the outcome of the project or a belief that failure is not an option. in reality, there may be many factors that contribute to the project's timeline, and the person may have more control than they think. however, the thought itself can be debilitating and impact productivity and overall well
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to escape the feeling that i'm under a microscope, with everyone scrutinizing my every move. the simplest tasks leave me trembling with fear, and i can't help but replay potential embarrassments or misunderstandings in my head. it's exhausting and debilitating, and i long for the day when i can step outside without feeling like my heart is about to burst.
can anyone find out what precisely is low blood pressure? websites only say below 90, but not in what situation. websites i've found usually say below 90. but they never say in what situation. is this resting blood pressure laying supine for 20 minutes , or standing or moving upright? because if it's resting my blood pressure doesn't seem to be below 90, but if it's moving about it does go below 90 systolic . to be clear i'm a very unfit person, though i'm relatively slim. i do have symptoms of low blood pressure , which is why i ask. i know low blood pressure isn't considered a problem if you have no symptoms. if it matters, i'm female, 38, and 125 pounds. thanks!
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears. every little thing seems to amplify in my head, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless. i can't seem to shake off this sense of impending doom, even when i'm just going about my daily routine. i'm terrified of what people might think of me, and i can't stop replaying every interaction in my head. it's exhausting, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
blotchy skin below knee hey y all new to the group and i m glad i found you! i have a question. i am freaking out over this rash under my knee. i don t even know if it s a rash, but it s not bumpy, just flat, and blotchy looking. it doesn t itch. i ve noticed some pink dots too, these don t hurt either. i recently shaved, i do sit by a small heater a lot which is by my legs constantly and i do wear tight pants at times. i googled my symptoms and of course the worse is coming up, i was just seeing if anyone has experienced what i have. i m also wondering too if it is a heat rash, but i thought heat rashes hurt and this has been on my skin for 2 days now. thank you!
just some thoughts for you be patient with yourself. its okay to say no. you are experiencing your life. nobody knows how you feel. your feelings are valid and its okay to set boundaries. its okay if you can t do it today. it takes a lot of energy for you to always fight against your worries and anxiety. so its totally understandable if you need some space and peace. dont surround yourself with people that drain your energy. its okay to let them go. this gives you more energy to focus on the good people and things in your life. i hope you have a good day today. but also dont have too much expectations. its totally fine if not everything is going to work out today.
just wanted to vent been having a stuffy nose and slight cough these past couple of days, and just a couple hours ago i've been feeling weird with a headache and fatigue. i'm scared i'm going to get sick and throw up later, and i was searching my symptoms up and diabetes is a possible condition, which is something i've thought i had before. to make matters worse, i ate some ice cream and nutella today when i say some i mean a lot lol rip . i'm also afraid i have heart disease or something because i have a sedentary lifestyle. i've been walking everyday for 30 minutes for the past couple of weeks, but today i skipped because i wasn't feelin it. just wanted to vent.
anxious thoughts can vary greatly depending on the individual and their specific fears or concerns. here's an example of an anxious thought someone might have about a common fear public speaking what if i go up on stage and everyone stares at me? what if i forget my lines or make a fool of myself? what if they all think i'm stupid or boring? i just know i'll mess up and everyone will laugh at me. this type of thought can lead to feelings of intense fear, self consciousness, and even panic. it's important to recognize that anxious thoughts are not reality, but rather products of the imagination that can be challenged and managed with the right tools and techniques.
fear of being sick i suffer from health anxiety, mostly related to ms and brain tumours i had an episode of vertigo which has triggered that and in the past i've had ha about heart related illnesses. i've seen a lot of posts worrying about those things, but i also suffer from a real fear of throwing up. i'm paranoid about food poisoning and it's ruined my enjoyment of a lot of foods. i overcook a lot of my food and throw a lot of stuff out. right now i'm sat here worrying that the chicken i had earlier from a take out wasn't cooked properly. i feel sick, but that could just be a symptom of being anxiety. does anyone else have ha around vomiting and food poisoning?
anxiety or something else? age 19 sex male height 5'11 weight 85 kg race indian duration a few hours 6 location canada, hi, i've been diagnosed with anxiety, and i think i had a little panic attack, but i feel my heart beating wired and feel a little weak lightheaded, this has been going on for about 2 hours, i am 19 and have also done an ekg test last month.i also felt little loss of sensation numbness in my feet when i walk and now feel like i am losing control, but my heart beat is not racing so i just want to know if this is a panic attack anxiety or not. thanks in advance, i have been looking into cbt, but i dont know if that will cut it, can anyone chime in?
what if i make a mistake during my presentation and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? a common anxious thought is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought is fueled by the fear of being judged negatively and perceived as inadequate in front of an audience. it can trigger feelings of embarrassment, self doubt, and a strong desire to avoid the situation altogether. such thoughts are normal, but they can also be debilitating if left unchecked. it's essential to recognize these thoughts as anxiety driven and not reflective of reality, and practice coping mechanisms such as deep breathing, positive self talk, and
if you need someone to vent to. hello all, i hope the rules of this subreddit allow this. i'm a 31 year old male with adhd, anxiety and health anxiety. my work place is closed for the winter months so i have a ton of free time. i will state that i am not a doctor, i can't give you medical advice but i do have time. i can promise you i will read whatever you send me, it will stay between us and i will just try and respond the best as i can. i will be an ear, i will only be able to give my personal experiences and not a diagnosis. i don't have any answers to how you are feeling, but if you need to talk to someone i'm here. send me a wall of text, no need for tl dr.
how would you help this person challenge this thought and replace it with a more balanced perspective? anxious thought i made a mistake during my presentation at work, and my colleagues surely noticed. they must think i'm incompetent, and i'll never get promoted. helping this person challenge their thought first, it's essential to acknowledge their feelings and validate their experience. it's normal to feel anxious or worried after making a mistake during a presentation. however, let's work together to examine the thought and see if it's an accurate reflection of reality. next, help the person challenge their all or nothing thinking by asking open ended questions
i m determined to win against my ha it is january 1st 2019 and i am currently in bed in tears because my health anxiety has been in overdrive for days. i currently think i have numerous illnesses and i m in constant fear i m going to die soon. but this shouldn t be how i bring in the new year. i should be looking forward, i should be looking to tackle the year head on and look to fulfil my potential. this time next year, as we approach 2020, i want to be living my life to the full and not feel crippled by how my mental health perceives my physical health. i am so scared of dying, that i don t spend anytime living. and that is a travesty that i must fight against.
i'm glad you asked! here's an example of an anxious thought a person might have what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone in the room thinks i'm incompetent? they'll all be looking at me with disgust and contempt, and i won't be able to show my face in public again. this thought is an example of the what if? thought pattern, where an individual imagines worst case scenarios and assumes negative intentions from others. anxious thoughts like this can be overwhelming and debilitating, and they can prevent people from taking risks and living their lives to the fullest. if you're struggling with anxious thoughts, it can be helpful to practice mind
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from person to person, depending on their specific fears and concerns. however, here is an example of an anxious thought that many people might relate to what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone in the room realizes i'm not competent? i'll lose my job and my reputation will be ruined. i can't handle that kind of embarrassment and failure. this thought can lead to a cascade of negative emotions and physical reactions, such as increased heart rate, sweating, and feelings of dread or panic. it's important to recognize that anxious thoughts are not always based in reality, and that it's possible to challenge and
how might this thought impact their emotions and behavior? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i can't handle this workload, i'm going to fail and lose my job. this thought can significantly impact a person's emotions and behavior in several ways. emotionally, this thought can lead to feelings of intense fear, worry, and sadness. the person might feel overwhelmed, anxious, and powerless. they may also experience physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, and trembling. behaviorally, this thought can cause the person to procrastinate or avoid tasks altogether, as they fear making mistakes or not being able to handle the workload. they
what's wrong with this thought? an anxious person might think, i can't go to the grocery store without something terrible happening. i'll forget my list, my car will break down, someone will bump into me, i'll slip on a banana peel, the milk will spoil before i get home, and i'll be late for my appointment. i can't handle all of that! this thought is problematic because it is an exaggerated, catastrophic interpretation of potential events. the person is assuming the worst case scenario for each possible mishap, rather than acknowledging the likelihood and manageability of each situation. this thought pattern can lead to avoidance behaviors and increased anxiety
then provide evidence that supports this thought from reputable sources. example of an anxious thought i can't speak in front of a group of people without messing up and humiliating myself. evidence according to the anxiety and depression association of america, about 14.3 of adults in the united states have some form of anxiety disorder. one of the most common anxiety disorders is social anxiety disorder, which is characterized by excessive fear, self consciousness, and avoidance of social situations due to the fear of being judged or humiliated. this fear can manifest in the form of a fear of public speaking. a study published in the journal of abnormal psych
flomax capsule i have an issue swallowing pills but i spent half an hour today trying to get a flomax pill to go down by chasing it with water. eventually the pill cracked open from sitting in water for too long and i went ahead and swallowed about less than 1 3 of the little beads inside the capsule. i hear it s dangerous to consume a pill that is crushed or broken down because it gives you large dosage at once. the good part is that i didn t swallow even half of what was inside the flomax pill. however, i m second guessing myself and wondering if i should get checked at the er or just wait it out. any ideas? is pill crushing as serious as it s made out to be?
i feel so trapped by my anxiety it s like an invisible cage surrounding me, keeping me from experiencing life fully. i can t focus on anything, i m constantly on edge, and every small worry feels like a mountain. it s exhausting trying to keep up this facade of normalcy when inside i m crumbling. anonymous. this thought portrays the experience of anxiety as an overwhelming force that feels suffocating, preventing the individual from fully living and experiencing life due to their constant preoccupation with fear and worry. it s as if their anxiety has created an invisible cage that holds them captive, and they re forced to put on a brave face to the world while
worried about liver and jaundice, history of drinking. in my late 20s. used to drink alot in my early 20s and by mid twenties to now cut down drinking alot. last year have a liver panel done and everything came back perfect. however i still drink about 2 beers every day sometimes 3 and just recently i swear i've been seeing a slight yellow discoloration. in the corners of my eyes and underneath the eye lids. however the yellow tint appears around the small red vessels in the whites of my eyes. idk if i'm seeing things or if my chronicaly dry eyes is to blame can 2 3 beers a day destroy my liver in a years time? and if my eyes are yellow wouldn't my skin be too?
propanalol hi guys , so i do suffer from anxiety since a long span of time, but this time around before some exams i decided to consult a doctor. he recommended starting with 40 mg propanalol and i took it for 6 days and was depressed as fuck , i communicated this to him and mentioned that there is no way that i am continuing with it. he somehow agreed and asked me start with 5 mg nexito. after stopping propanalol the depressive episodes subsided but i am having these treomors , shaking and sort of twitching which is extreme and i have never experienced anything of that sort before. i would like to know of people's experiences here in the hope of some insight.
how can a person challenge this thought? example a person might think, i always make mistakes in my job and everyone on the team knows i'm not competent. i'm going to be fired any day now. to challenge this thought, the person can use the following techniques 1. evidence consider the actual evidence you have to support the thought. in this case, the person might acknowledge that they have made mistakes in the past, but also think about the times they have succeeded, received positive feedback from their supervisor, or completed projects on time and to a high standard. 2. probability estimate the likelihood of the thought being true. the person might reflect on
thought why can't i just control my mind? why do these intrusive thoughts keep coming back, making it impossible for me to focus or enjoy the present moment? i'm drowning in my own mind and it's exhausting. reassuring response i understand how frustrating and overwhelming it can be to deal with constant anxiety and intrusive thoughts. it's important to remember that everyone's mind wanders and experiences thoughts that may not serve us well, and it's not a sign of personal failure. instead, let's focus on developing coping skills and strategies to manage these thoughts when they arise. consider practices like mindfulness meditation, deep breathing, or engaging
what's the one realization that started you off on your health anxiety recovery? hello all. i'm abhi, new here and this is my first post. i have been dealing with health anxiety for about three years now i won't get into the details, it's textbook ha story but i would love to know from those who got a handle on this beast what their one ah ha! realization was that set them off on the path to recovery. like, what is the single most important thing that ha sufferers need to understand to start combating ha? would love to know success stories too. also, would love to know if and how meditation and yoga helps in recovery. many thanks in advance. lots of love, abhi
heart attack scare here s what it actually was... i have gad and i m especially plagued by health anxiety. 2 weeks ago i was spinning out, chest pains, shortness of breath, pains in arms you get the gist. i m sure you all understand the downward spiral of ha. the weekend prior to that i went to an event and had purchased a new bra, turns out it was a wee bit ill fitting and i was uncomfortable in it but didn t think much of it. turns out ill fitting bras can mimic heart attack pains and my shoulders and arms hurt because the straps were too tight. i felt like a moron. anyway, an entire week of worrying crying you name it. my bra ended up being too tight. wow.
describe how such a thought can impact their physical body. an anxious thought a person might have is what if i forget the presentation at the work conference and make a fool of myself in front of everyone? this thought can trigger a physiological response known as the fight or flight reaction. this response is the body's way of preparing for a perceived threat or danger. the sympathetic nervous system activates, causing a number of physical changes in the body 1. heart rate increases to pump more blood to the muscles, preparing them for action. 2. breathing rate quickens to bring more oxygen to the muscles. 3. muscles tense, especially in the shoulders, back
how might they counteract this thought with cognitive restructuring? example a person might have the anxious thought, if i don't finish this project by the deadline, i will lose my job. to counteract this thought with cognitive restructuring, the person could 1. identify the distorted thinking this thought is an example of catastrophic thinking, where the person is jumping to extreme consequences without sufficient evidence. 2. challenge the thought here are some alternative ways the person could think about the situation a. is it really true that losing one project will result in losing the job? what other projects or factors could influence job security? b.
covid 19 hello everyone i just want to vent about a few things here. i m about 17 right now about to turn 18 in a few months. when covid hit and we had to stay at home for weeks i thought it was cool, playing games all the time with my friends, sleeping in , watching netflix whenever. but i was wrong, i don t know if others feel like this but i feel like after covid hit my life went downhill. i never used to have social anxiety or anxiety in general but i do now, it was way worse in the beginning and it s a bit better now fast forwarding 3 years. i never used to overthink but i do now, i feel like covid and the at home lockdown has just changed me completely.
why do i always feel like i m not doing enough? the expectations from society, work, and myself all converge in this overwhelming burden, pushing me down with each passing moment. every mistake seems like a mountain to climb and every triumph, temporary. am i really all that i can be? or am i just another face in the crowd, trying to keep up with the joneses but inevitably falling behind? thoughts like these can be debilitating, leaving the individual feeling trapped and helpless in their own minds. however, it s important to remember that everyone experiences feelings of inadequacy at times. it s a normal part of being human. one approach to coping with such
what are some ways that person could challenge that thought? anxious thought i'm going to fail my upcoming job interview and everyone will think i'm incompetent. ways to challenge the thought 1. evidence ask yourself for factual evidence that supports the thought. in this case, the person might not have any concrete evidence that they will fail the interview. instead, they might be making assumptions or interpreting situations in a negative way. encouraging yourself to focus on the facts, such as having a solid resume, good preparation, or past successes, can help counteract the anxious thought. 2. probability consider the likelihood of the thought occurring.
what if i can't finish this project on time? i'll let my boss down and get a bad performance review. i won't be able to pay my bills, and i'll have to move back in with my parents. i'll be a failure. anxious thoughts can take many forms and can be influenced by various factors, such as personal experiences, expectations, and beliefs. the example you provided is a common one where a person is worrying about not being able to complete a task on time and the potential consequences of that failure. this type of anxious thought can be accompanied by physical symptoms, such as racing heart, sweating, and tension. it's important to note that having anxious thoughts
what are some ways this person could challenge this thought and reframe it in a more helpful way? anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job. they're probably looking for someone with more experience or qualifications. ways to challenge and reframe 1. evidence gathering identify facts that support the opposite of the anxious thought. for instance, the person could list their relevant skills and experiences, positive feedback from past employers, or any indications that the employer is open to hiring people with less experience. 2. mindset shift challenge the all or nothing thinking. the anxious thought assumes that having less experience means being
having flu. body aches. i have the flu i think , coughing, sore throat, headache i don't care about that stuff, as long its just flu, but one symptoms of flu is body aches. i have body aches just normally which i can get stressed over, but now they are stronger. and the worst part is that the other symptoms of flu has mostly passed 1 day ago but i still have the body aches... damn. which makes my brain think that the body aches might not be flu etc, you get the drift.. i don't know what i want, maybe see if someone can relate.. but yeah just wanted to write it down edit the pains are mostly in the abdomen area and sides. that's always the places i get aches.
then write a brief response in the role of a trusted therapist. be sensitive to the feelings and experiences expressed. anxious person i just can t shake the feeling that i m failing at life. my job isn t going well, my relationships are rocky, and my health isn t great. i don t know how to turn things around. trusted therapist i understand how challenging it can be to face multiple areas of your life that aren t going as planned. it s important to remember that these experiences do not define your worth or your ability to grow and make positive changes. together, we can explore ways to address your concerns and find solutions that bring relief and progress
weird breathlessness problems lately. hello ,recently i've been having alot of anxiety problems because of what started to be a discomfort in the chest which now evolved to breathlessness after working out and while stationary. tests that i have done and that came back normal adrenaline heart test , echocardiagram, blood test d dimer included , chest x ray and soon i'm getting a 24 hour ekg. i've also tested my lung capacity by blowing into a tube. but nothing came back abnormal. i don't know if i should get any other tests but it is worth noting that i suspect i got covid 19 and apparently some people experience these problems aswell. amp x200b any advice?
the person is sitting at their desk, trying to focus on a task but the thoughts keep racing in their mind. they may be thinking about past mistakes, worrying about future obligations, or having intrusive thoughts about things beyond their control. how can they find peace in the midst of their anxiety? despite the clock's relentless ticking, my thoughts continue to race, shrouding my mind in a fog of worry and fear. i long for the serenity to focus, yet each breath brings another wave of anxious thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. amidst this whirlwind, i seek solace in mindful breathing, reminding myself that in this moment, i am enough, and
they are having trouble breathing, their heart is racing, their thoughts are all over the place, their muscles feel tense and uncontrollable, and their entire body feels weak. they are unsure if they're in a state of a panic attack or if something more serious is going on. they've heard the term 'panic attack' before, but they're not entirely sure what it means or how to handle it. they feel trapped in their own body, helpless and alone. they start to question themselves, is this a panic attack? what is happening to me? why am i feeling this way? how long will it last? will i be okay? what should i do? their mind races with a million different possibilities
i need advice 17 male here hi, so a week ago i woke up and my legs were tingling. i thought it was normal and it would go away but then hours went by and it was still there. i started panicking and googled my symptoms and regretted it instantly. i m hypochondriac. sometimes the tingling would spread to my arms and hands. when i start moving, the tingling stops. when i stop thinking about it, the tingling stops too. my right knee is kind of stiff too and before this tingling started my legs were stiff but this stiffness has been happening to me since years. i m afraid of going to the doctor. should i be worried about it? what should i do? it s consuming me.
they might be worried about a looming deadline, personal relationship, work situation, or some other stressor. how might they frame their thinking or feeling to someone else to help them understand? one possible thought from someone overwhelmed by anxiety could be i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. it's like a never ending cycle of worry and fear that i just can't escape. the more i try to focus on getting things done, the more my mind races and i feel paralyzed. i'm struggling to keep up with deadlines, obligations, and personal relationships. it all feels too much sometimes. i wish i could just press pause and take a break, but the weight of it
how can cognitive restructuring help? an anxious thought a person might have is i have an important presentation at work tomorrow, and i keep making mistakes while rehearsing. i will forget everything on the big day, and my colleagues will think i'm incompetent. cognitive restructuring is a technique used to help individuals identify and challenge their anxious thoughts and replace them with more balanced and helpful alternatives. here's how cognitive restructuring could help in this situation 1. identify the distorted thought i will forget everything and be seen as incompetent. 2. recognize the underlying assumptions if i make mistakes while rehearsing, i
i need advice 17 male here hi, so a week ago i woke up and my legs were tingling. i thought it was normal and it would go away but then hours went by and it was still there. i started panicking and googled my symptoms and regretted it instantly. i m hypochondriac. sometimes the tingling would spread to my arms and hands. when i start moving, the tingling stops. when i stop thinking about it, the tingling stops too. my right knee is kind of stiff too and before this tingling started my legs were stiff but this stiffness has been happening to me since years. i m afraid of going to the doctor. should i be worried about it? what should i do? it s consuming me.
then, help to challenge and reframe that thought. example of an anxious thought everyone in the room is staring at me and i must look really awkward. they are all judging me and thinking i'm stupid. challenging and reframing the thought first, it's essential to realize that anxious thoughts are not always based on reality. they can be a result of our imagination and the negative biases we may have towards ourselves or situations. in this example, the person might be projecting their insecurities onto the situation, interpreting the glances and silent observations of others as negative judgments. to challenge this thought, the person could use the following
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from person to person and can depend on individual circumstances. here's an example of a common anxious thought i keep making mistakes at work, and my boss is starting to notice. what if she fires me? i can't afford to lose this job. what will i tell my family and friends? how will i pay my bills? this error i just made in this report could be the last straw. i should have known better. i'm such a failure. this thought process represents an anxious catastrophizing, where someone's imagination runs wild with worst case scenarios, assuming negative outcomes based on minor missteps. it is essential to recognize these thoughts
an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to miss my train and then i'll be late for my job interview. i'll blow the opportunity and my boss will think i'm unreliable. i'll lose the job and end up homeless, living on the streets. this thought chain is an exaggeration of the potential consequences of missing a train for a job interview. the person's fear and anxiety can lead to catastrophic thinking, where they imagine worst case scenarios, despite the likelihood of those scenarios being unlikely or even impossible. this thought pattern can perpetuate feelings of anxiety and make it difficult for a person to manage their emotions and take action.
enema side effects? 30. f. australia. i was administered a fleet enema at the hospital last night 18hrs ago to be exact for painful constipation. i wasn't completely impacted as i could still pass gas and small stools. i am having really bad abdominal pain and cramping today. it's freaking me out. i have had paracetamol, buscopan and simethicone but the pain is probably still a 7 out of 10. i've had two fleet enemas before and definitely experienced some cramping the next day but not as bad as this. is this normal ? i understand my muscles are sore from pushing out the stool and there was a fair bit of it . no other symptoms besides the cramping and pain.
anxiety can be a relentless and overwhelming force, swallowing up the present moment and leaving an individual feeling helpless and consumed. in the throes of anxiety, it can be difficult to focus on anything but the fear and unease that seems to grip every fiber of one's being. the racing thoughts, the pounding heart, the inability to breathe all of these symptoms can make it hard to think straight, let alone find any peace or solace. the world outside seems to fade away, leaving only the suffocating grip of anxiety. in these moments, it's easy to feel as though there is no escape, no reprieve from the crushing weight of anxiety. but even in the darkest
how would that anxious thought manifest in physical symptoms? an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm going to fail this interview and lose this job opportunity. this thought can manifest in various physical symptoms. some common symptoms of anxiety include 1. rapid heart rate or palpitations the person might feel their heart racing, which can make them feel nervous, uneasy, or afraid. 2. sweating they might start sweating, even if the temperature in the room is cool. the sweat can make their hands slippery, which can make it more challenging for them to present themselves confidently. 3. shaking or trembling they might feel tremors in their hands
they may speak to themselves or express the anxiety in writing as if to someone else. the thought can include emotions, worries, self talk, anything that expresses their anxiety in a pithy and compelling way. the voice should sound contemporary and relatable, in the first person. my heart pounds, and time seems to slow. i m trapped in a nightmare, unable to move or think. each breath feels heavy, as if my lungs are filling with sand. fear twists a tight grip around my mind, drowning out reason and logic. i thought i could handle this, but now i m doubting myself. every decision feels like a wrong turn, leading me further into uncertainty. the world spins
how might a cbt therapist address this thought using the socratic method? anxious thought i might make a mistake during my presentation, and everyone will laugh at me. cbt therapist i understand that you're having thoughts about making a mistake during your presentation and the fear of being laughed at. i want to help you explore these thoughts in more detail using the socratic method. first, let's consider the evidence for and against this thought. what are some examples of presentations you've given in the past where you made mistakes, but the outcome wasn't as devastating as you're imagining now? can you think of any instances where mistakes were made
describe how cbt would challenge this thought. an example of an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm going to have a heart attack during my presentation at work tomorrow. i've been feeling this tightness in my chest, and i can't focus on anything else. i'll embarrass myself in front of my colleagues and lose my job. cbt would challenge this thought in several ways 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought a therapist using cbt would ask the person to consider the actual evidence supporting the belief that they're having a heart attack. they may realize that the chest tightness is due to anxiety, not a medical condition, based on factors
enema side effects? 30. f. australia. i was administered a fleet enema at the hospital last night 18hrs ago to be exact for painful constipation. i wasn't completely impacted as i could still pass gas and small stools. i am having really bad abdominal pain and cramping today. it's freaking me out. i have had paracetamol, buscopan and simethicone but the pain is probably still a 7 out of 10. i've had two fleet enemas before and definitely experienced some cramping the next day but not as bad as this. is this normal? i understand my muscles are sore from pushing out the stool and there was a fair bit of it . no other symptoms besides the cramping and pain.
in the context of anxiety, what is this thought saying about the person's state of mind? thought i can't handle this. i'm falling apart and there's nothing i can do to stop it. this thought indicates that the person is feeling overwhelmed and powerless in the face of their anxiety. they may be experiencing a sense of loss of control, feeling like they are on the brink of breaking down and unable to cope. this thought is a reflection of their emotional state, which is characterized by feelings of fear, helplessness, and despair. it's important to remember that this thought is not a reflection of reality, but rather a product of the person's anxious mind.
this might be a thought a person has while sitting in a coffee shop that may reflect an excessive fear of an unknown danger or potential harm. this could be a common occurrence for someone with anxiety, but the goal is to provide a clear example of what an anxious thought may look like. here's an example as john sips his coffee in the crowded coffee shop, he suddenly notices a group of people laughing loudly nearby. anxious thoughts start racing through his mind. what if they're laughing at me? he thinks. maybe they've seen something on my face or heard something about me that i don't know about. maybe they're planning to attack me or steal my things. i
3 year problem i have had this numb, tingling sensation in the same spot for over 3 years now. it s everyday same spot and never really gets worse, i only really notice when my mind isn t busy. i am on medication for it as my neurologist said it is a migraine disorder which i beg to differ. i have had 3 mri scans even with contrast and two eeg which came back normal . i occasionally get pins and needles in leg and tingling on left side of face. i am convinced i have ms and lately i have been experiencing muscle twitching right arm for 2 days now..which is pretty constant. i am worried about having als and i am so scared to go back see a doctor about it.
how might they challenge that thought and move towards healthier thinking? example a person might have the anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job promotion. they'll find out i'm a fraud and they'll fire me. to challenge this thought and move towards healthier thinking, the person could use the following steps 1. identify the distorted thinking the thought is an example of the all or nothing and mind reading cognitive distortions. the person is assuming that they are completely worthless for the job and that everyone else thinks so too, without any factual evidence. they are also assuming that others' thoughts and perceptions of them are the
lump in right side of my throat so i ve been sick for about 2 weeks now, and i believe i have a chest cold. i am now more concerned about everything. my throat feels like it has something stuck in it on the right side. it doesn t hurt to talk or anything but there is a very small pain when i swallow. i still have my tonsils, and i ve never had issues with them beforehand. i got convinced that i have throat cancer as i smoke. i don t smoke that much in a day, and i ve been smoking for about 4 years. i am getting very anxious and i don t know what i should do. i m starting to believe that its my cold and i need to drink more water. what do you guys think?
i tried this and it worked now i don't think it would've worked right when the anxiety started today but by the end of the day i was so sick of the panic, nausea, warm rushes, and racing thoughts while trying to act normal in front of my kids. i just said screw it, i'm going to stop fighting it and reasoning with myself why i'm fine and shouldn't be anxious and let it wash over me. it actually worked! i'm so much calmer now i might actually sleep tonight which never happens on bad days. i hope this can help others. i found this article which explains better than me. https adaa.org learn from us from the experts blog posts consumer anxiety wont kill you
always fighting the feeling to go to the er. anyone else? i m 22, f and have had hypochondria my entire life. been a lot worse the past 6 or so months. i have the feeling of impending doom all. the. time. it comes in waves of i m going to die soon, something is wrong with me . anyone else struggle with this, or have success fighting the urge to seek additional opinions? in the last 6 months alone ive had 3 ekgs, a chest ct scan, a chest x ray, a holster monitor, and bloodwork that have all came back normal . i just can t shake the feeling that they must have missed something. i don t want to die, i don t want to be sick but i can t help feel like i am.
just listens to an old interview with aubrey plaza. she talked about how she had a stroke at age 20 like most of you, my constant fear has been health related more so the fear of having a stroke. she described what happened during the stroke and it is absolutely terrifying. she said hat she was feeling fine and then all of a sudden the right side of her body was paralyzed. she couldn t even speak or make out any words. after listening to that, i started freaking out immediately. i ve always been struggling with anxiety and panic attacks and now this story reignited those fears. purely because it could happen to someone so young with no health problems.
3 year problem i have had this numb, tingling sensation in the same spot for over 3 years now. it s everyday same spot and never really gets worse, i only really notice when my mind isn t busy. i am on medication for it as my neurologist said it is a migraine disorder which i beg to differ. i have had 3 mri scans even with contrast and two eeg which came back normal. i occasionally get pins and needles in leg and tingling on left side of face. i am convinced i have ms and lately i have been experiencing muscle twitching right arm for 2 days now..which is pretty constant. i am worried about having als and i am so scared to go back see a doctor about it.
i tried this and it worked now i don't think it would've worked right when the anxiety started today but by the end of the day i was so sick of the panic, nausea, warm rushes, and racing thoughts while trying to act normal in front of my kids. i just said screw it, i'm going to stop fighting it and reasoning with myself why i'm fine and shouldn't be anxious and let it wash over me. it actually worked! i'm so much calmer now i might actually sleep tonight which never happens on bad days. i hope this can help others. i found this article which explains better than me. https adaa.org learn from us from the experts blog posts consumer anxiety wont kill you
every time i leave the house, i can't help but feel the weight of the world on my shoulders. the thought of encountering an unexpected situation or being judged by others causes my heart to race and my mind to spin. i long for the peace and tranquility that seems unattainable. anxiety can be an all consuming experience, making even the simplest tasks feel overwhelming and causing feelings of fear, uncertainty, and self doubt. it's a heavy burden that can feel impossible to shake, and the thought of being in a world where unexpected situations or judgments from others can cause such distress can be overwhelming and daunting. the longing for peace and tr
always fighting the feeling to go to the er. anyone else? i m 22, f and have had hypochondria my entire life. been a lot worse the past 6 or so months. i have the feeling of impending doom all. the. time. it comes in waves of i m going to die soon, something is wrong with me . anyone else struggle with this, or have success fighting the urge to seek additional opinions? in the last 6 months alone ive had 3 ekgs, a chest ct scan, a chest x ray, a holster monitor, and bloodwork that have all came back normal. i just can t shake the feeling that they must have missed something. i don t want to die, i don t want to be sick but i can t help feel like i am.
how might a person challenge this thought in a way that's helpful and healthy? anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job. i'll probably mess up the interview and ruin my chances. to challenge this thought in a helpful and healthy way, the person can try the following 1. identify the evidence ask yourself, what is the evidence that supports this thought? what evidence is against it? the person might recall instances where they've aced interviews or received positive feedback from past employers. they may also consider that everyone makes mistakes, and these mistakes do not define their overall worth or abilities. 2. reframe the thought change
then write a possible response from someone in a position to help. anxiety thought i can t control the way i feel. i m so scared of making a mistake, of losing control, that i can t focus or even leave the house some days. helpful response i understand that anxiety can feel overwhelming, and it can be difficult to break free from those scary thoughts. but it s important to remember that everyone makes mistakes and that you have the power to learn from them. and while it may seem difficult right now, taking small steps outside can help you build confidence and improve your day to day life. let s work together to find strategies that can help you manage
how might this thought impact their daily life? anxious thought i have to be perfect in every aspect of my life, or else i'll fail and disappoint everyone who relies on me. this thought can significantly impact a person's daily life in several ways 1. increased stress the person may feel a constant pressure to perform at an unrealistic level, leading to increased stress and anxiety. 2. perfectionism they may spend an excessive amount of time trying to meet their own impossible standards, leaving little time for relaxation or leisure activities. 3. fear of making mistakes the fear of making mistakes can cause them to avoid taking risks, which can limit
anxiety over living in an apartment i m going to have to live in an apartment when i start school, and i m scared about noises, whether it is them being too loud or me being too loud. i m scared that someone will accidentally shoot a gun and it will go through the wall and hit me while i m sleeping or something. i m scared the building will collapse on top of me. i m scared that one apartment will start a fire and burn down the building while my pet is inside. i have a lot of fears over this and it is making me not want to go to school. i can t afford to rent a house though unless i have roommates, which i don t want. it s been stressing me out a lot.
every breath feels like a struggle, and my mind is a constant storm of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. alternatively, anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me trapped in a whirlwind of worry and uncertainty, unable to find peace or focus. or, fear gnaws at me from the inside out, each moment a battle against the tide of anxious thoughts threatening to drown me. these thoughts can be used as a starting point for character development, or as inspiration for creating an anxious character. remember, everyone experiences anxiety differently, so feel free to modify these thoughts or create your own to fit the unique
how can this thought be challenged and replaced with a more realistic or balanced thought?anxious thought i am going to make a fool of myself in this presentation. what if i forget my lines, stutter, or blank out completely in front of the audience? challenging the anxious thought 1. identify the evidence while it's natural to feel nervous before a presentation, the probability of making a significant mistake is low. most people experience some level of anxiety when speaking in front of a group, but few forget their lines, stutter, or blank out completely. 2. reframe the thought instead of focusing on the worst case scenario, remind yourself that you
how would you help this person challenge the thought and develop a more balanced perspective? anxious thought i'm going to mess up this presentation in front of my colleagues and they will all think i'm incompetent. to help someone challenge this anxious thought and develop a more balanced perspective, you could follow these steps 1. acknowledge the thought i can see that you're feeling nervous about your presentation to your colleagues. it's natural to have some anxiety before a big event like this. 2. help them identify the evidence for and against the thought can you think of any times in the past when you've given a presentation and it went well?
this should come at the beginning, or in the midst, of the piece and establish their anxiety. lost in the relentless cycle of worrying thoughts, i find myself clinging to the edges of calm as the chaos inside demands control. the bright sunshine streaming through the window feels incongruous with the storm brewing inside me. every flicker of sound, every slight movement sends my heart racing and leaves me trembling with uncertainty. each moment feels like an eternity as i await the next sign that i am not enough, that i have failed somehow, and that the world around me is collapsing in on itself. drowning in the overwhelming weight of worry and self
explain how it may cause emotional, cognitive, and behavioral symptoms. an anxious thought that a person might have is i might make a mistake at my job presentation tomorrow, and if i do, i will be fired. emotionally, this thought can cause intense fear, nervousness, and anxiety. the person may feel a heavy burden of stress, and their mood might become irritable or sad. they may also experience a racing heart, sweating, or trembling. cognitively, the person might engage in negative thinking patterns, such as catastrophizing, where they assume the worst case scenario. they might also engage in rumination, spending hours dwelling on potential mistakes
their thoughts may jump erratically from one worry to another, making it hard for them to focus on anything specific or find a way to calm their minds. here's a thought from the perspective of someone who's feeling overwhelmed by anxiety my mind is a whirlwind of jumbled thoughts and worrying. it's like a never ending waterfall of anxious thoughts, one after another, constantly cascading through my head. i can't seem to catch a break from this mental tidal wave. my worries jump erratically from one topic to another, sometimes lingering on the same thought for what feels like an eternity, only to be whisked away and replaced by yet another concern. i
how could a cognitive behavioral approach help this person challenge that thought? example of an anxious thought i have to be perfect in everything i do, and if i make a mistake, everyone will think less of me. cognitive behavioral approach to challenge the thought 1. identify the thought recognize that the thought i have to be perfect in everything i do is an irrational belief, as nobody can realistically be perfect in all areas of life. 2. examine the evidence discuss with the person that there is no concrete evidence supporting the thought. remind them of instances where they have made mistakes in the past and still received respect, appreciation
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. each new situation feels like a mountain to conquer, and i can't seem to shake off the fear that i'll make a mistake or be judged. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and self doubt, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable. it's exhausting trying to keep up this facade of confidence while inside, i'm a bundle of nerves. i just wish i could find a way to quiet the storm in my head and find some peace.
weird vision hey guys. i ve had health anxiety for a while, but yesterday i ve had a new experience which freaked me out. as i was getting ready for sleep, my vision suddenly changed. i was seeing colors and felt as though i opened my eyes underwater. there were areas in my vision that were blurry, and had lines on them. i tried to close my eyes but nothing changed. i fell asleep eventually and woke up an hour later with a headache. went back to sleep and in the morning everything was fine. however, i m on the edge because i m scared it will happen again. did it ever happen to you? is it cause of concern? thank you. i m really freaked out right now
how would this thought be addressed in cognitive behavioral therapy cbt ? anxious thought i have to give this presentation perfectly or else i will ruin my reputation and lose my job. in cbt, the therapist would help the person challenge this all or nothing thinking by exploring the evidence for and against this belief. they might ask questions like 1. is it really true that you have to give the presentation perfectly? what happens if you make a mistake or two? 2. how does making a mistake or two impact your reputation and job? is there any evidence to support this belief? 3. are there other successful presenters who have made mistakes in the past?
googling people say to not google symptoms, even doctors have joked with me not to go to doctor google, but my brain tells me that the internet has facts on it so why is it so bad? if my symptoms is very specific why wouldn't google be correct? i mean to say that i realize there can be many causes but if i'm experiencing something very specific and the most likely cause is on google, wouldn't it be fairly accurate? i'm having a tough time convincing myself not to google, but not because i think it's incorrect, but because i'm scared i'll find the truth on there. i hope in making sense in explaining my meaning. how do you get yourself to not google?
the clock seems to be ticking so fast that they can hardly catch their breath, the room is closing in on them and they can't seem to escape the feelings of dread and fear. every tiny detail feels like a mountain to climb, and even the simplest of tasks seem insurmountable. their heart races, their thoughts swirl in their head, and their body is filled with a sense of unease and nervous energy. they just want to find a way to slow down time, to make the anxiety dissipate, but all they can do is hold on tight and hope for a reprieve. they long for a moment of peace, a chance to catch their breath and regain their composure, but anxiety keeps pulling
my heart races and my mind spirals with every new email or text message. fear of making the wrong decision or missing an opportunity keeps me awake at night. i long for the peace and clarity that seems unreachable. imagery prompt a lone figure, hunched over a glowing screen in the dimly lit room. the room is cold and still, the only sound being the steady click clack of the keyboard beneath their fingers. their breathing is shallow and uneven, their eyes darting between the screen and the endless notifications stacked high. despite their efforts, the mountain of unanswered messages only grows larger, the weight of responsibility crushing them like
how can i deal with this anxious thought effectively? anxious thought i have an important presentation at work tomorrow, and i'm not prepared enough. i keep making mistakes during my practice runs, and i'm worried that i'll make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues. effective strategies to deal with anxious thought 1. reframe the thought challenge the negative thought by focusing on the positive aspects. for example, i have prepared well for this presentation and have received positive feedback during my practice runs. i have a strong understanding of the topic and can handle any questions that come my way. 2. break down the task divide the
a person might have the thought i can't handle this, i'm going to fail, i'm going to embarrass myself in front of everyone. this is an example of an anxious thought that can lead to feelings of anxiety or even panic. such thoughts can be irrational or exaggerated and can contribute to the cycle of anxiety. anxious thoughts often involve catastrophic thinking, where the individual imagines the worst possible outcome, and can be triggered by a wide range of situations or stimuli. these thoughts can be difficult to challenge or stop on one's own, and seeking professional help, such as therapy or medication, can be an effective way to manage anxiety.
how might a person challenge that thought? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to make a mistake during my presentation at work tomorrow, and everyone will laugh at me or think i'm incompetent. to challenge this thought, the person could use the following steps 1. identify the evidence there's no concrete evidence that i'll make a mistake during my presentation. i've prepared well, and i've given this presentation several times before without major issues. 2. consider alternative explanations the thought that everyone will laugh at me is unlikely, as my colleagues have shown respect and professionalism in the past. i
feeling alone around others some family are over at my house right now. i enjoyed the company for a while. i came into my room to clean up a little bit, and just laid down to rest and then go to sleep. i took a deep breath and a thought came to my mind. i m in my room and i can hear everyone laughing and joking and just having the time of their lives. it s so hard because i just want to be in my room watching my show and not having to talk or interact. it makes me feel like such an outsider. i don t know if i m making sense. i just feel like i was hit with a sudden realization that anxiety is always there no matter how much i work toward healing.
how can the concept of cognitive restructuring help to address the anxious thought? example of an anxious thought i have an important presentation at work tomorrow. i have not prepared well and i'm going to mess it up. everyone will think i'm incompetent, and i'll lose my job. cognitive restructuring can help address this anxious thought by challenging the negative thought pattern and replacing it with a more realistic and balanced perspective. here's how 1. identify the irrational beliefs underlying the anxious thought in this case, the beliefs might include all or nothing thinking i must perform perfectly or i'll be seen as a failure , catastro
a person might have the anxious thought, i can't finish this project on time, and if i don't meet the deadline, i will lose my job. my boss will be disappointed in me. i will let down my team. my colleagues will think less of me. i won't be able to pay my bills. i'll have to move out of my apartment. i'll become homeless. this thought cycle is commonly known as catastrophizing and can lead to significant anxiety and stress. it's essential to recognize that such thoughts are often not based in reality and to use coping mechanisms, such as challenging the thoughts, practicing relaxation techniques, or seeking support from others, to manage anxiety.
one example of an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm not doing well enough in my job. i make mistakes often, and my colleagues seem to know more than i do. i'm sure my boss will soon realize i'm not cut out for this role, and i'll be fired. this thought can lead to feelings of anxiety, worry, and fear, and may even manifest in physical symptoms such as increased heart rate, sweating, and muscle tension. it can cause a person to avoid taking risks or trying new things, for fear of making mistakes, and may impact their performance and overall well being in the workplace. this thought pattern is common in people with anxiety disorders, and
what can they do to challenge and change that thought?anxious thought i can't handle this situation. i'll make a fool of myself in front of everyone. challenging and changing the thought 1. identify the thought as an anxious thought and acknowledge its presence. 2. refute the thought with evidence i have handled similar situations before and i was successful. i have prepared well for this situation and have the necessary skills to handle it. i am not the only one in the situation, and everyone makes mistakes. it's normal to feel nervous in new or challenging situations. 3. replace the thought with a more balanced perspective this situation is an
one calf bigger than other, just noticed so i just noticed my left calf is bigger than my right. i'm not sure how long it's been this way, i never really look and examine my legs. there's no pain or discoloration. i've obviously had the whole dvt thing pop into my head and have been debating going to er. i'm 21 years old and in pretty good shape. i play basketball a lot, and if any of you guys play ball, you know that right handed players will often jump off their left leg. i've done this for most years i've played basketball nearly 10 years , as i never really go left, and thus never jump off my right foot. could this be a possible explanation?
this person might have a few sentences that describe how their emotions and thoughts are impacting them and what they are experiencing. this might also include things like racing thoughts, intrusive thoughts, feelings of doom or impending disaster, restlessness, fear, or any other symptoms you'd like to add. i'm caught in a whirlwind of racing thoughts, my mind a relentless hamster wheel that refuses to slow. every anxiety laden memory, every imagined catastrophe, each tiny worry and fear swirls around me, leaving me breathless and trembling. the future looms like an insurmountable mountain, and the present a narrowing bridge that i'm too afraid
anxiety after blackout drunk hello, i am a 17 year old male and last friday i threw a party when my parents where away. i was pretty amped up because i have never thrown a party so i started doing shots with my friend. after a while i just forgot what happened and woke up the next day. i had left my phone outside and there was a toilet paper roll in the sink covered in water as well as vomit in another sink. i asked my friends and they assured me i didn t do anything stupid. however, i have a lingering anxiety that i ruined my body or brain. everytime i think about the blackout i feel the worst anxiety i have ever felt. can anybody help me out?
superbowl parties and the flu i was going to go to a superbowl party today but then i remembered the flu season is at its peak. i'm also having surgery the day after on monday, and while i know that symptoms don't usually appear until a couple days after being infected it would really suck if i got the flu while i was recovering from surgery. i don't care about football tbh but i love going to superbowl parties to stuff my face with food. i got the vaccince but apparently it's really ineffective this year, so i'm still worried about catching it even if i'm super careful. is it reasonable for me to not go just because i'm paranoid about the flu?
quitting cause of anxiety from it first time reddit user quitting daily smoking cause of anxiety hey i m 18 turning 19 next month, have been using weed to deal with my anxiety and depression for a couple years, daily use for sleep mainly. i ve been starting to question if weed is making me more anxious and i think it is, but i m also anxious to quit today is day one, does anyone have any ideas on how to calm the mind from wondering around and being anxious at night? or has anyone else gone through this already and have any tips? i m not looking for a easy fix all for the situation but more of guidance to calm my mind a bit, have a good day yall
let's say a person with social anxiety is about to attend a work party and they think, everyone will be watching me and judging me. they will all see me as awkward, uninteresting, and weird. i will embarrass myself and humiliate myself in front of everyone. this will further confirm that i am not a good fit in this workplace, and i will be out of a job by tomorrow morning. this is an example of an anxious thought, also known as a catastrophic thought, which can trigger an anxiety response in the person. it's important to note that not all anxious thoughts are irrational, but they can be exaggerated and disproportionate to the situation at hand.
going through a rough patch and also having to start working soon. possibly going to use benzos temporarily difficult combination of things that make me very overwhelmed. been hyper stimulated the past month where i just feel pretty terrible but it s starting to get better as of the past couple days. i m debating on taking partial amounts of clonozopam idk how to spell it it s a benzo and typically i wouldn t do it but having to start work and feeling overwhelmed i don t see another option. any suggestions on how i should go about. i just wanted it to be a temporary thing to get me going. or use in moments of very high discomfort while working.
here's an example i didn't finish that project at work on time. my boss will be furious. i'll probably get fired. i won't be able to pay my bills. i'll be out on the street. this thought chain starts with a normal worry about missing a deadline, but then spirals out of control with catastrophic thinking. the person is assuming the worst case scenario, which is highly unlikely, but feels very real and distressing. this type of thinking can lead to overwhelming anxiety and may cause physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, and tension in the muscles. it's important to recognize these thoughts for what they are exaggerations of reality
anxiety can feel like a relentless storm of thoughts and emotions, each one more overwhelming than the last. it's as if every worry, fear, and doubt is magnified, growing larger with each passing moment, until it consumes all of your thoughts and energy. you might feel trapped inside your own mind, unable to escape the whirlwind of emotions and thoughts that cloud your judgment and leave you feeling paralyzed. at times like these, it's natural to feel helpless and powerless against the tide of anxiety. but remember, anxiety is not a sign of weakness, nor is it a reflection of your worth as a person. it's a normal part of being human, and there
anxiety often feels like an unstoppable freight train bearing down on me, each creak and jolt threatening to derail my entire world. the thoughts inside my head swirl like a tornado, ripping through my peace of mind and leaving chaos in its wake. with every heartbeat, the weight of fear and uncertainty presses on my chest, making it impossible to breathe. yet amidst the storm, i know that there is still hope for calm, and the promise of peace lies just beyond the horizon. through meditation, deep breaths, and the gentle touch of supportive hands, i will learn to tame the beast within and restore the balance in my life. anxiety may be powerful,
what is the origin of this thought? how does this thought cause harm to the person? anxious thought i'm going to fail my exam no matter how much i study, and everyone will laugh at me if i do. origin of the thought this thought might originate from past experiences of failing exams or feeling underprepared, which could lead to feelings of inadequacy and fear of embarrassment. additionally, societal pressure to perform well academically can exacerbate these feelings. harm caused by the thought this thought can cause significant harm to the person by fueling anxiety, stress, and self doubt, leading to poor performance on the exam and potentially
losing weight after lexapro i took 20 mg of lexapro for about a year, then tapered down to 10 mg for 3 months, and 5 mg for 3 months. i stopped taking lexapro all together about 5 weeks ago. personally, lexapro worked great for me and really got me through a tough period in my life. however, i gained about 20 25 lbs throughout the 1.5 years. has anyone successfully lost the weight after stopping? i gained a decent amount of muscle mass over that period, but would like to lose about 10 lbs of fat. i still feel like my metabolism is relatively high feel lightheaded weak with anything under 2300 2500 calories but none of the weight has come off.
question i have a question, so when i am out in public i feel like everyone is looking at me, but then i start feeling like i m in a dream, like a lucid dream. i can but i feel like i cant think thoughts and only focus on doing what i m supposed to do. i also feel like my head is fogged up inside too in public lol. im not the happiest person to be honest and since maybe half a year ago i ve stopped caring abt things and when i think of something and it gets a little complicated i just quit thinking abt it, i dont care enough to think about anything for some reason. can someone please tell me if its anxiety or is there something wrong with me.
one common example of an anxious thought is, what if i can't do well in this job? i'll be struggling to meet deadlines, and eventually, my boss and coworkers will lose confidence in me. i'll get let go, and i'll have to explain my failure to yet another employer. this will make me unemployable, and i won't be able to provide for my family. this thought can be triggered by a work deadline or a perceived setback, and it can result in significant stress, worry, and fear. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often irrational and exaggerated, and they can be managed through various coping mechanisms, such as deep breathing exercises
it's been a while but it's back 20m i've been busy with life in a good way for the past 2 months going to the gym 5 times a week and eating healthy starting to like myself again. however, out of nowhere it's back, the feeling that i'm not doing things i should be doing, feeling like the future isn't as bright as i hoped. and i don't know what to do. i've never spoken to anyone about my anxiety except my friend who is studying in a different country now. i don't know who i can speak to because in my head my problems seem like they're not big enough for me to talk about but yet they have a weird weight on my chest that makes it harder to breath
they might consider their physical symptoms racing heart, sweating, trembling , their mental thoughts worst case scenarios, regrets, panic , and the sensations and emotions those thoughts bring dread, fear, helplessness . imagine the complexity of this internal conversation, and how difficult it is for this person to calm themselves down and find peace. i can feel my heart pounding in my chest, a wild and frantic beast pounding relentlessly, faster and faster, racing against time as if it's some sort of mad contest. my palms are slick with cold, clammy sweat, each bead of moisture making contact with the rough, unyielding surface of the table
how can you challenge and change this thought? example of an anxious thought i have to be perfect in every single aspect of my life to be worthy of love and acceptance. if i make even the slightest mistake, people will reject me and i'll be all alone. challenging and changing the thought 1. acknowledge the thought recognize that the thought of needing to be perfect and fear of rejection is common among anxious individuals. 2. identify the evidence examine the evidence that supports and contradicts this belief. for instance, consider instances where making mistakes did not result in rejection or isolation. 3. challenge the thought question the
the thoughts are spiraling in their mind with a mix of emotions and imagery. in your writing, try to encapsulate the feeling of being overwhelmed by anxiety and its various manifestations. my heart is racing, pulsing with a frenzied rhythm that matches the relentless tumult in my mind. each passing second brings new waves of anxiety, crashing down on me like an endless storm surge, and i'm powerless to withstand it. the air around me feels thick and heavy, making it difficult to draw breath without feeling as if my lungs are constricting with each inhalation. time seems to stand still, yet races by in blurry, disconnected fragments. thoughts
describe their thoughts, emotions and physical symptoms. try to give a vivid depiction that transports readers into their experience. in the pit of her stomach, a fierce beast stirred, gnashing its teeth and releasing a barrage of acid that scorched the vulnerable flesh of her insides. she tried to hold on to the thin tether of her composure, grasping it as tightly as she could, but with each breath she took, it felt as though it slithered through her fingers like an elusive snake, just beyond her reach. she leaned heavily against the cold, unyielding metal wall, her heart pounding a relentless drumbeat in her ears that throbbed in time with
i have to give this presentation at work on friday, and if i mess up, everyone will know i'm a fraud and i'll lose my job. this is a common example of an anxious thought, often referred to as a catastrophic or worst case scenario thought. these thoughts can be debilitating, causing significant distress and interfering with daily life. it's important to remember that anxious thoughts are not reality, but rather, they are a product of the anxious mind. while it's natural to have some level of anxiety or worry before a presentation, these thoughts can be exaggerated and unrealistic. to help challenge these anxious thoughts, it can be helpful to
any tips for dealing with these symptoms? does anyone experience vision auditory issues? recently this is what s been bothering me the most. the only way i can explain it is..imagine you re indoors for a long period of time and then come outside..it s almost like i m sensitive to light and everything and i mean everything feels so loud. ugh. i hate it. this past weekend i went to have lunch with a friend and the restaurant we ate at was so packed. i felt like i couldn t concentrate and my vision became shaky, like i couldn t focus my eyes on one thing which eventually made me feel dizzy. anyway, i appreciate any tips if you have any. thanks!
in this dialogue, describe how their heart rate increases, their breath becomes shallow, and how their thoughts race with fearful scenarios. describe how their physical symptoms feed into their anxiety and make the situation feel even more overwhelming. inner dialogue i can't do this. the clock on the wall seems to be taunting me, the seconds ticking away faster than ever before. my heart is pounding in my chest, each beat sending jolts of adrenaline through my body. i can feel the blood coursing through my veins, my palms becoming clammy as sweat begins to bead on my brow. my breaths are shallow and quick, my chest constricting with each in
how often does y'all's anxiety cause you to actually feel symptoms of whatever it is you're currently afraid of? hey, so for a grand total of 2 days i've been convinced i am developing parkinson' disease, and after reading up on various symptoms and whatnot, i feel like i am actually starting to feel them. this is not something i've ever worried about, but now that the idea is in my head it's all i can think of. i'm trying not to fixate on it as i know i always do this with different things, but idk, i just want some people to relate to lol. knowing people are going through similar things as i am usually calms me down, at least temporarily.
first anxiety panic attack intense shaking. didnt think i'd wake up. i had one last night after an intense game of overwatch, i was mowing people down as ashe and had some messed thoughts so my heart starting pounding very very fast like a heart attack and i instantly thought that. i got off to lay down it wouldnt stop, it kept going for a while and then it felt like my heart was drowning in its own blood and my chest was warm. i started shaking intensely. family said everything was alright but all their comments flew over my head. i layed in bed and just eventually passed out. scariest thing ive ever felt so far. i'm a healthy 21 year old.
what's going on? hey guys so earlier i had shortness of breath. and now my heart is beating hard. my body and hands are trembling. and i have a strong urge to pee as my groin feels really strange. i have pain in my left arm as well and i feel like my hearts about stop any moment. i have no history do any heart problems. i have had anxiety attacks in the past but they always scare me into thinking i'm having a heart attack or cardiac arrest. is this just another anxiety attack? i don't know if it's because i'm anemic or because i slept late at 1 am last night. i feel like i'm about to die any moment now and i'm scared . i'm 20 years old btw.
what are the potential ways they might challenge this thought? example a person might have the anxious thought, i can't do this presentation on time, i'll make a fool of myself in front of everyone. challenging the thought 1. evidence can you provide evidence that supports this thought? have you made a fool of yourself in presentations before? have others made a fool of themselves? how common is this? 2. alternative interpretation is there another way to interpret this situation? for example, this is just one presentation, and it's an opportunity to learn and improve. everyone makes mistakes and it's a natural part of the learning process.
how can cbt help in the management of these thoughts? anxious thought example a person might have a thought like what if i have a heart attack while i'm driving? i won't be able to control the car, and my family will be left in terrible grief over my sudden death. cbt approach cognitive behavioral therapy cbt is an evidence based psychotherapeutic approach that helps individuals manage and modify their thoughts, feelings, and behaviors to cope with various mental health issues, including anxiety. in the context of the example above, a cbt therapist might help the person identify and challenge the anxious thought in several ways 1. identify
explain how cognitive behavioral therapy cbt can help address this thought. example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail my interview and not get this job. even if i do get the job, i'll probably mess it up somehow. explanation anxious thoughts are negative thoughts that often occur in response to a perceived threat or stressor. in the example above, the person is facing an interview for a job and is experiencing anxious thoughts about failing and making mistakes on the job, should they be hired. cognitive behavioral therapy cbt is a type of psychological treatment that can help individuals identify and challenge their anxious thoughts.
describe their emotions and physical reactions. inside the cacophony of her chaotic thoughts, she felt a gnawing unease in her stomach. her heart pounded in her chest, accelerating in rhythm with the panic beginning to creep into her mind. time seemed to slow as fear took hold. the air felt heavy around her. her lungs laboriously drew in breaths, releasing it in shallow puffs. she tried to calm herself, willing her racing thoughts to settle down, but the words and images that tumbled through her mind refused to be reined in. the tension inside her tightened as her limbs grew weak, every nerve ending sensitized and jangled by the relentless
how is it impacting their daily life, and what coping mechanisms are they using to manage their symptoms? living with anxiety feels like carrying a heavy backpack filled with uncertain doubts, amplifying every situation, causing frequent heart palpitations and restless thoughts. i'm attempting to maintain a sense of normalcy in my daily life, but simple tasks often become an insurmountable challenge. meditation, exercise, and consistent communication with a trusted therapist provide relief and enable me to navigate the labyrinth of my thoughts. each victory, whether large or small, serves as a testament to my resilience and determination.
just noticed a strange rash bites...just moved i just moved into a new apartment, and last night was my first night in it. today, i was driving around town and noticed some small red bumps on my knuckle. i pulled my sleeve on my right arm down and realized most of my hand and wrist area had bites marks. it s weird because it seems my right hand is the only spot that has this, save for one small bump on my left wrist. i m worried my apartment has something... i ve had the same mattress for years and have never had bed bugs... here are photos https imgur.com a fal5n , about to start picking through my carpet and checking my mattress corners
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my mind is racing with thoughts and fears. every little thing seems to amplify, the smallest of sounds echoing in my ears. i'm constantly on edge, bracing myself for the worst, even when there's no reason to be. it's exhausting, this constant state of unease. i can't seem to find peace in the silence, or solace in the familiar. i just wish i could press pause, even if just for a moment, and catch my breath.
they feel like the weight of the world is on their shoulders, as if they're carrying an invisible boulder. they're having trouble focusing on anything other than the incessant thoughts crowding their mind, which they fear may never stop. they feel trapped, powerless, and like they're drowning in their own thoughts. they wish for a break, for a moment of relief, but their anxious mind continues to churn, leaving them feeling exhausted, vulnerable, and uncertain of their ability to cope. despite their best efforts to escape the clutches of anxiety, it seems to always follow them, lurking in the shadows, waiting for an opportunity to pounce.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe lately. the smallest things trigger my anxiety, and i can't seem to turn off my racing thoughts. it feels like a constant storm in my head, and i'm terrified of what might happen when i step out into the world. every interaction feels like a potential disaster waiting to happen, and i can't escape the fear of being judged or criticized. i just want some peace and calm, but it feels like an unreachable dream.
how might a cbt therapist help someone with this thought? example of an anxious thought i had a flat tire on the way to work this morning. i'm sure i'm going to get into a terrible car accident today and won't make it home safely. a cbt therapist might help someone with this thought by 1. identifying the evidence for and against the thought the therapist could ask the person to list all the times they've been in a car accident and how often they occur. they might also ask about the statistics of car accidents and the chances of having an accident given the specific circumstances. 2. challenging the thought with cognitive restructuring the
an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i'm not good enough to keep this job? my colleagues seem to know what they're doing and i'm always making mistakes. i'm only keeping this position because of my luck, not because of my abilities. eventually, my supervisor will realize that and i'll be let go. this thought is anxious because it's based on fears of inadequacy, being rejected, and loss of employment. these are common anxious thoughts, especially in the context of work. however, it's important to remember that everyone makes mistakes and that perfection is not the goal in life or work. anxiety often distorts our perspective,
how to convince yourself that you are healthy? over the course of 5 years, i have had 3 ekg done, 3 blood checks, 1 xray of my chest and lungs, 1 echo of my heart, a stress test and a 24h monitor of my heart. everything is fine. i'm fit. why can't i convince myself of these things when i feel sensations? why do i keep suspecting my chest pains and palpitations to be a more serious heart problem? i read books about anxiety, follow therapy but all that rational help just disappears instantly in the face of a panic attack. how do you guys deal with it? please comment your ways or experiences, i am truely lost and slipping further down here.
health anxiety following stomach flu, anyone else? i have moderate to severe health anxiety especially when i m sick, then it s pretty severe. about 6 days ago i came down with a stomach virus and was violently puking and had water like diarrhea sorry if tmi . by day 3 i was no longer feeling the nausea or diarrhea, but have a general sense of being unwell dehydrated drained. i feel as though my anxiety is playing a big factor because i can t stop thinking about it and feel like i m drained and depleted, which isn t normal cause my energy is usually very high. is it normal for constant worrying to drain you and wear you out physically???
then, using the principles of cognitive behavioral therapy, identify the components and develop alternative thoughts that challenge or change the anxious thought. example of an anxious thought i'm going to embarrass myself in front of everyone at the work conference next week. what if i accidentally say the wrong thing during my presentation, or worse, i completely freeze up and can't speak at all? i'll be humiliated, and everyone will think i'm incompetent. i might as well just quit my job now. components of the anxious thought 1. catastrophic thinking the person is assuming the absolute worst case scenario, despite the low probability.
in the whirlwind of constant thoughts, my mind races uncontrollably, like a river rushing through rapids. the intensity of my worries and fears escalate with each passing second, leaving me drowning in a sea of anxious energy. my heart pounds, my breath shallow, and my body trembles with each new thought that emerges from the depths of my mind. i long for the stillness and calm that eludes me, desperate for a moment's respite from the mental turmoil. but the relentless cycle of worry and fear continues to grip me, leaving me feeling powerless against the overwhelming tide of anxiety. i yearn for the day when i can finally find peace and
monique sat in the tiny, dimly lit office, her hands trembling slightly as she clutched the edge of the worn wooden desk. her mind raced, thoughts swirling around like leaves in an autumn wind. she couldn't believe this was happening. again. she took deep breaths, trying to steady her racing heart. the familiar knot of dread in her stomach grew as she considered the words her boss would be saying in just a few minutes. words that would once again tear through her carefully constructed facade, ripping away the layers of self confidence and security she had spent months building up. monique, come in, please, the voice came from behind the
what is the evidence, both internally and externally, that might challenge this thought? the example i would like to provide is that of a person who is anxious about speaking in public. this person might think, i will make a fool of myself in front of everyone. they will laugh at me and judge me harshly. internally, this person might feel their heart racing, their palms sweating, and their mind going blank when they think about speaking in public. they might have thoughts like, i can't do this, i'm not good enough, or i always mess up in front of people. externally, there are several pieces of evidence that could challenge this thought.
and then, explain how the person might challenge that thought using cognitive behavioral therapy cbt techniques. example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail this important presentation at work. i always mess up when i'm in front of a large audience. everyone will see my mistakes and judge me harshly. using cognitive behavioral therapy cbt techniques, the person could challenge this thought in several ways 1. evidence gathering the person can ask themselves, is there any evidence to support this thought? have i failed presentations in the past? were my mistakes really noticeable and significant to others? did anyone judge me harshly
what can this person do to challenge and cope with this thought? example a person might have the anxious thought, i'm not good enough to keep my job. i make too many mistakes and i know my boss is looking for a reason to let me go. to challenge and cope with this thought, the person can try the following 1. recognize the thought as an anxiety provoking belief, rather than an objective fact. 2. gather evidence that contradicts the thought. for example, the person can recall times when they did a great job or received positive feedback from their boss. 3. reframe the thought into a more balanced perspective. instead of focusing solely on
i think about all of the things i haven t done, all of the mistakes i ve made, and all of the things that could go wrong. my heart races and my mind spirals, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i long for the stillness and peace that eludes me, wishing for the strength and courage to push through and keep going, but fear holds me captive, keeping me rooted in place. it feels impossible to escape the cycle of worry and self doubt, leaving me feeling hopeless and defeated. despite my best efforts, my thoughts race on, like a freight train headed straight for a collision with my fragile psyche. all i can do is hold on tight and pray
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like being trapped in a never ending storm of thoughts. every day, i wake up with a heavy heart, dreading the uncertainties of the world outside. the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and i can't escape the relentless chatter in my mind. i'm constantly second guessing myself, fearing judgment and criticism from others. it's a battle to find the strength to face the day, but i'm trying, one breath at a time.
heart palpitations so i started having heart palpitations when i was younger, got it checked, it was just an atrial flutter so nothing. last year i was jacked up on caffeine and i'd say a little depressed and i had a stimulant induced panic attach felt like i was gonna die . quit caffeine and could workout and everything like normal . a few weeks later i had a night of binge drinking and woke up at 5 am to my heart pounding out of my chest which sent me into another panic attack. now whenever my heart rate goes up, whether working out or drinking, i start to get anxiety and feel like i'm just gonna drop dead. has anyone else had this?
what if i can't do well on this test? what if i fail and disappoint my teacher and family? i won't be able to get into a good college or get a good job. i'll be a failure and a disappointment to everyone i know. that's a common example of an anxious thought, also known as a catastrophic thinking or worst case scenario. anxious thoughts are often focused on potential dangers, negative outcomes, or worst case scenarios. they can be about specific situations or general fears and worries. anxious thoughts can be intense, persistent, and overwhelming, and they can cause significant distress and impairment. they can lead to feelings of fear
how can a person challenge that thought? example of an anxious thought i keep making mistakes at work, i'm sure my boss will fire me soon. to challenge this anxious thought, the person can use the following techniques 1. reframe the thought instead of focusing on the worst case scenario, the person can reframe the thought in a more balanced way. for instance, they might think, everyone makes mistakes. my boss has given me positive feedback in the past. it's not likely that i will be fired because of a few mistakes. 2. look for evidence the person can challenge the thought by looking for evidence that contradicts it. they might reflect
heart palpitations i ve been pestering this sub with my worries about palpitations for the last two weeks because they haven t stopped since. however, i ve been taking magnesium pills and it seems they helped a bit. i still have them but a bit less frequently. have anyone experienced this? is it related or it s just coincidence? i ve been pestering this sub with my worries about palpitations for the last two weeks because they haven t stopped since. however, i ve been taking magnesium pills and it seems they helped a bit. i still have them but a bit less frequently. have anyone experienced this? is it related or it s just coincidence?
how would this thought differ from a thought that is merely worrying? anxious thought i'm going to be late for my interview today, and if i am, i'll blow the opportunity and never get a job offer again. in this example, the person is not just worrying about being late for their interview. instead, they're engaging in catastrophic thinking, where they're imagining the worst possible outcome not getting a job offer and assuming that this outcome is certain. they're also attaching a significant amount of emotional weight to this thought, as evidenced by the language used blow the opportunity and never get a job offer again . this thought
how can cognitive behavioral therapy cbt help this person to reduce anxiety and fear around the thought? example a person might have the thought i'm going to choke to death during dinner tonight. this is an example of an anxious thought that can be common in people with anxiety disorders, particularly those with panic disorder or anxiety related to eating. cognitive behavioral therapy cbt can help this person to reduce anxiety and fear around this thought in several ways 1. identifying and challenging irrational thoughts in cbt, the person would learn to identify the thought i'm going to choke to death during dinner tonight as an irr
how might a therapist help someone challenged by anxious thoughts? example of an anxious thought a person might have a thought like, i'm not good enough to keep my job, i've made too many mistakes, my boss hates me, they're just waiting for me to slip up. this thought can lead to increased anxiety, worry, and stress, potentially affecting their performance at work and their mental health. how a therapist might help therapists use various techniques to help individuals manage their anxious thoughts and improve their mental well being. here are some methods a therapist might employ 1. cognitive restructuring therapists teach clients to
heart palpitations so i started having heart palpitations when i was younger, got it checked, it was just an atrial flutter so nothing. last year i was jacked up on caffeine and i'd say a little depressed and i had a stimulant induced panic attach felt like i was gonna die . quit caffeine and could workout and everything like normal. a few weeks later i had a night of binge drinking and woke up at 5 am to my heart pounding out of my chest which sent me into another panic attack. now whenever my heart rate goes up, whether working out or drinking, i start to get anxiety and feel like i'm just gonna drop dead. has anyone else had this?
the world around them feels chaotic, overwhelming, and dangerous, as they struggle to find a way to cope and manage their fears. exhale deeply, a quiet tremor shaking my core as i force myself to take a seat on the worn, old couch. i squeeze my eyes shut, seeking solace in the darkness behind my eyelids. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat sounding louder and more relentless with every passing second. the room feels alive with an unseen energy, an electricity that courses through the very air and sends jolts of anxiety zipping through my body. i'm unable to focus on anything beyond the relentless tide of fear and doubt that threat
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i can't make the deadline for this project and i lose my job? what if my boss thinks i'm incompetent? what if my colleagues see me as weak and unreliable? i won't be able to pay my bills and provide for my family. i'll be a failure and a burden to everyone around me. in this thought, the person is catastrophizing about a potential setback, imagining worst case scenarios and exaggerating the consequences. they are assuming that their inability to meet one deadline will lead to losing their job, financial ruin, and being a failure to themselves and their loved ones. this thought is fuel
one example of an anxious thought might be, what if i accidentally lock my keys in my car, i'll be late for work and lose my job because of it. this thought might trigger a cascade of worries such as, what will i do if i can't get into my car? , how will i explain being late to my boss? , will i be able to find a solution quickly enough? , and how will this affect my reputation at work? this type of thinking can lead to feelings of distress, anxiety, and fear, potentially resulting in behavioral or physical symptoms such as increased heart rate, sweating, or shaking. it's important to recognize that such thoughts are often a product
thought my heart races as i scroll through the endless messages on my phone. each notification a reminder of a problem, a task, a responsibility. my mind races faster, spinning out of control with thoughts of failure, fear of the unknown, and a sense of being trapped. my chest feels tight, my breath shallow. i can't focus on any one thing. this feeling is all consuming, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. i wish i could just escape, to find a peaceful place where my mind could rest. but the reality is, i can't. i have to face these challenges head on. i take a deep breath and force myself to focus on one thing at a time
keep it first person, past tense. i couldn't believe it was happening again. the familiar pit of anxiety rising in my stomach, my heart rate increasing, the dizziness and sweat beginning to form on my forehead. it was just another tuesday evening, and i was standing in the supermarket aisle, surrounded by bright, plastic packaging and fluorescent lights. and yet, the mundane surroundings failed to quell the sense of impending doom. my breathing became shallow, jagged, and my mind swirled in a vortex of thoughts what if i couldn't remember my lines? what if my acting was terrible? what if they all hated me? what if this audition went
one common anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought can lead to feelings of worry, fear, and self doubt, and can cause the person to experience physical symptoms of anxiety such as a racing heart, sweating, or trembling. it's important to recognize that anxious thoughts are often not based in reality, but rather are products of the imagination. however, they can still be powerful and can cause significant distress. it's helpful to practice relaxation techniques and cognitive restructuring to challenge and reframe these thoughts.
thought why can't i just be normal? i feel like a burden on everyone around me. i'm constantly on edge, and my mind won't stop racing. i'm terrified of the future, of making mistakes, of letting people down. i just want to be able to function like a normal person, but no matter how hard i try, i always end up feeling like a mess. this thought expresses the intense anxiety and self criticism that can take hold of someone experiencing anxiety. it highlights the feeling of being a burden, the fear of the future and potential mistakes, and the perceived inability to function normally. it's a common sentiment for those with anxiety, and
it s hard to be anxious and also want people to think you re happy like when i m anxious there isn t much i can do about it, i can try to self soothe and whatnot but it s still hard to put on a smiley face and be upbeat and cheerful. especially when you can feel this way for days at a time or longer. but people look at you differently if you re not upbeat and bubbly and cheerful especially as a woman. if i don t enjoy everything or laugh at everything or keep conversation i m grumpy or in a bad mood or just weird. and what am i supposed to say? that i m anxious? so they can respond why and that s just a rabbit hole i can t go into.
it happened my first er visit for a panic attack i just came back from the er. it started with some shoulder pain this afternoon and spiraled into a waves of panic attacks. i was fairly sure i wasn't having a heart attack, but i couldn't be positive so off to the er i went. ekg, blood work, monitoring all normal . only thing wrong with me was borderline low electrolytes. i'm on meds but this has been a stressful year in my life. consoling appointments are set up, along with a checkup with my doc. even though i know whats happening once my mind goes there its so hard to stop. i just wanted to share my story. fuck this mental illness
what do you do against the fear of never recover of generalized anxiety? i do sports every day, im not isolated, im using medication and its afraid me because im constantly stress. its afrais me a lot because all my effort for turn down can be ruined in one minute . i never turn down and i dont know what can i do more. i think i will do yoga but i dont think if it will help me a lot. i already find my trigger but next they dont work and i find next new trigger and two weeks later they dont work...... so i fear to never recover this is my only fear i mean that its only that who make me feel anxious by the way what are your trigger?
one common anxious thought is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation and everyone thinks i'm incompetent? this thought can cause significant anxiety and stress for the person, leading them to worry about every detail of their presentation and fearing the negative judgment of their audience. such thoughts can make it difficult for individuals to focus on the task at hand and perform to the best of their abilities, often resulting in further frustration and increased anxiety. additionally, these thoughts can persist even after the presentation is over, making it hard for the person to move on and learn from the experience.
i'm freaking out all my worst fears have been realized. i have had strep throat confirmed by doctor for 3 weeks and now i just tested positive for covid rapid antigen . i spent the night at my partner's and now i'm terrified i got them sick too. they just got over covid a month ago. i would never forgive myself if i got them sick. i am staying in an air bnb rn because i've just lost my apartment and i'm supposed to catch a flight on friday to move back in with my family who lives an ocean away. i don't know how this is going to affect my flight and my mental health. i feel physically and mentally ill. i just don't know what to do.
let me give you an example of an anxious thought i am sure i made a mistake during the presentation, and the entire audience is now silently judging me and waiting for me to slip up again. this thought is an example of the mind's hyper vigilance and ability to catastrophize a situation, potentially leading to feelings of anxiety or even panic. this type of thinking can be a common experience for individuals with anxiety disorders, and it can interfere with their daily activities and overall quality of life. however, with the right tools and support, people can learn to manage their anxious thoughts and improve their mental health.
thought why can't i just stop thinking? every thought, every worry, every fear, it all feels so heavy and consuming. i can't focus on anything or enjoy the present moment. all i can do is worry about the future and replay the past. this anxiety is exhausting and consuming, taking away any joy or peace i might have had. i just want it to stop, but i don't know how to make it go away. this thought reflects the intense and overwhelming nature of anxiety, where the mind is preoccupied with constant thoughts, worries, and fears, making it difficult to focus on the present moment and find peace and joy. the individual feels consumed and
heart problems please help so iv been having on and off trouble breathing and a racing heart palpitations for about a month now. i was supposed to have a blood test but i had a panic attack but i had an ecg done and have heard nothing back so i'm guessing it came back ok? i'm still getting random palpitations and a racing heart that seems to come and go and i'm so terrified i have something seriously wrong with me. they can come and go at any time of the day at random i'm so scared but apparently ecgs can pick up all sorts of problems? anyone experience symptoms like these for this long? i'm always tempted to rush the the hospital
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i can't finish this project on time? i'll miss the deadline, and my boss will be disappointed in me. i'll lose my job, and i won't be able to pay my bills. i'll be homeless, and everyone i know will think i'm a failure. this thought chain is based on the fear of making a mistake or failing to meet expectations, which can lead to a snowball effect of negative thoughts and emotions, ultimately resulting in anxiety. it's important to remember that anxious thoughts are often irrational and not based on reality. practicing mindfulness, self compassion, and seeking professional help when
here's what it may be oh no, my mind is racing and it feels like everything is slipping through my fingers. i can't seem to focus on anything, let alone complete a simple task. i feel trapped in this cyclical thoughts, and i can't escape. anxiety has the upper hand, and i can't seem to take back control. how can i overcome this feeling of being consumed? thoughts from someone struggling with anxiety can vary greatly, but they often involve feelings of helplessness, a sense of being out of control, and an inability to focus or concentrate. they may also experience physical symptoms such as a racing heart, sweating, or trembling. an
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. every little thing sets off a wave of fear and uncertainty. my mind races with worst case scenarios, and i can't seem to find peace. it's like a dark cloud follows me everywhere i go, casting doubt and anxiety over even the simplest tasks. i'm tired of living in fear, but it feels like an unending cycle. i need a break from the relentless chatter of my thoughts. can anyone relate?
exhausted footsteps pounding on the cold, concrete floor. the echo of the hollow footsteps ricochet off the walls of the abandoned, decaying subway station. a faint glow from the distant, flickering light bulb overhead illuminated the labyrinth of shadows that surrounded the figure standing uncertainly in the entrance. the wind outside, the hum of distant trains, and the ever looming silence of the empty station were her only companions. senses on high alert, thoughts swirling in a chaotic cacophony within the confines of her mind, the woman struggled with the tumult of emotions that had driven her to this desolate place. my god,
the anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake in my presentation at work and everyone will think i'm incompetent? this thought can lead to feelings of fear, self doubt, and nervousness, and can potentially interfere with the person's performance. it's important to recognize that anxious thoughts are a normal part of the human experience, but they can become problematic when they interfere with daily functioning or cause significant distress. strategies such as deep breathing, mindfulness meditation, or cognitive behavioral techniques can help to manage anxious thoughts and improve overall mental well being.
use as much descriptive language as possible to convey the feeling of stress and fear. in the quiet recesses of her mind, she felt the coiling tendrils of anxiety weaving their way through her thoughts, sinking deeper with each breath she drew. her heart hammered a steady, frenzied rhythm against her ribcage, each beat a harsh reminder of the time that was slipping away, her chest tightening with every pulse. her hands trembled, the fine edges of her cuticles catching on the worn fabric of her jeans, and her fingers curled into fists, digging deep into her palms, seeking purchase against the relentless tide of fear. the weight of
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from one person to another, depending on their individual worries, fears, and insecurities. here's an example of an anxious thought that many people can relate to i have an important presentation at work tomorrow, and what if i make a fool of myself in front of my colleagues? what if i forget my lines, or blank out entirely? i'll be embarrassed and humiliated, and it will damage my reputation. i need to prepare perfectly, but what if i can't? what if i'm just not good enough? this kind of thought can spiral out of control, leading to stress, anxiety, and even panic. but it's important to remember
the thoughts are in a constant flux between their immediate concerns and deep rooted fears. in the dimly lit recesses of my mind, an intricate labyrinth of thoughts and emotions swirls in a chaotic dance. the surface of my consciousness is dotted with niggling worries and immediate concerns, yet beneath the waves of conscious thought, deeper fears and anxieties lurk, casting long, ominous shadows. my heart pounds in my chest as i clasp the worn edges of the envelope in my trembling hands. the familiar texture offers little solace. this is it, the letter i ve been dreading. my breath hitches in my throat as my mind races through a
keep it first person and maintain a conversational style as you would in writing a story or dialogue for a script. the anxious person has been lost in a forest for hours, with the sun now setting and night falling. deep in the heart of the forest, the last vestiges of daylight began to fade, cloaked by the encroaching canopy of trees overhead. time seemed to lose all meaning, and the very ground beneath my weary, aching feet became a blurred and unfocused canvas upon which the passage of hours danced like elusive and ever changing phantoms. my chest tightened, and with it came the familiar pang of panic, a gnawing sensation that
anxious thoughts can take many forms and vary greatly from person to person. here's one common example i'm not good enough. i'm going to mess up this presentation at work tomorrow, and my boss will fire me. everyone will think i'm incompetent and unqualified. i'll be humiliated in front of my colleagues, and i'll never be able to get another job. i'll be a burden on my family, and they'll regret ever having supported me. in this example, the person is catastrophizing about a potential work presentation, imagining the worst possible outcomes and assuming that they will be unable to recover from any mistakes. this kind of thinking
in the hustle and bustle of everyday life, it's easy to become consumed by the weight of anxiety. every decision, every interaction, every potential outcome feels like a mountain to climb. the thoughts race through my mind, each one more overwhelming than the last. my heart beats faster, my breath shallower, my body tense. it's as if i'm stuck in a never ending loop of worry and fear. the future seems uncertain, and the present moment unbearable. in this moment, it feels impossible to move forward, to find peace or calm. anxiety has become my constant companion, a relentless burden that threatens to consume me. but i know that i
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my thoughts are racing and my heart is pounding. the fear of the unknown is consuming me. i can't shake the feeling that i'm not good enough, no matter how hard i try. every interaction feels like a test, and i can't stop overthinking what people might say about me. it's a constant battle in my mind, and some days, i just want to give up. but i won't. i'll keep pushing through, one step at a time.
i fear i was bitten by a bat or something hello, i just need to get this off my chest. it am always worried about something with my health.about a week i was walking in my backyard. it was really cold in pa like below freezing. i had a coat and jeans on. when i was walking back i felt something near my knee. i didn't think anything of it. but i get random feelings all the time but nothing is ever there. but then a day later i found this and i am concerned. it doesn't itch or painful and its gone now. but for some reason i think it is a bite from something. my parents think i am crazy. it has since healed. https imgur.com a empva
what might be the cognitive distortion, and how could they challenge it? anxious thought i made a mistake during my presentation at work today. my boss will surely fire me once she finds out. cognitive distortion catastrophizing exaggerating the potential negative outcome of a situation. challenge 1. identify the evidence review the presentation objectively and consider the feedback from your colleagues. if they didn't mention any mistakes, it may be an isolated incident. 2. consider alternatives there may be other reasons why your boss didn't fire you, such as her schedule or her personal issues. or, the mistake might not be as
has anyone tried emdr for health anxiety? i ve got the worse health anxiety anxiety to where i have many panic attacks and pain everyday. i ve tried cbt it did not work. having a therapist tell me to go to my happy place sounded like a croc of shit lol. i ve convinced myself i have ms and that i have heart disease. those two are the big ones. any small ache or pain i think i m dying. i don t take meds because i ve heard really bad things. i ve taken one xanax which actually didn t even help. so i m gonna try and new technique and wonder if anyone has ever tried it? i also get numbness mainly on left side of my body. thanks guys!
started cbt therapy a few weeks ago hi guys i started my course of cbt a few weeks back and one of the first steps my therapist has told me to take is to completely stop the excessive checking i do, whether that be prodding for lumps if i feel a pain, or taking tonnes of pictures of moles thinking they ve changed etc. the therapist was saying that there isn t really a magic formula to stop the checking you just have to do it cold turkey. i feel i have reduced it a fair bit since starting as i realised a lot of it was mindless, but stuff like the checking of moles is still keeping me from stopping, has anyone got any tips? thanks
thought my heart races as i try to focus on this project. every detail, every decision feels monumental and the weight of potential mistakes is overwhelming. each small success or accomplished milestone only heightens the fear of what could go wrong next. i fear that if i make one wrong move, everything i've worked for could come crashing down. yet i know i can't let the anxiety win i need to push through and trust myself and the process. easier said than done. the anxiety seems like a heavy fog that won't dissipate, making every action seem like a high stakes gamble. i wish i could just hit pause and take a break, but i know i
amidst the swirling chaos of thoughts and emotions, it's difficult to focus on anything other than the relentless pounding of my heart and the suffocating weight of my own breaths. the world around me feels like a maelstrom, each sensation and sound intensified to the point of being almost unbearable. my mind races with worries and fears, each one vying for attention and threatening to consume me whole. it's as if i'm being pulled in a thousand different directions, leaving me feeling lost and helpless in the face of my own anxiety. all i can do is hold on tight and hope that eventually, i'll find a way to regain my footing and
one example of an anxious thought a person might have is i missed my bus by just a few minutes, and now i'm going to be late for my important job interview. my boss is going to think i'm unreliable, and i'll lose this opportunity. i'll never be able to find another job, and i'll end up homeless and destitute. this thought may not necessarily reflect reality, but it can significantly increase anxiety levels and even lead to panic attacks or other negative consequences. it's important to recognize these thoughts as distorted and try to challenge them with evidence based thinking or seek support from a mental health professional.
consider adding the emotion and physical sensation associated with the anxiety. as the waves of anxiety crashed over me, i felt my heart race and my mind go blank. the constant chatter in my head grew louder, drowning out any semblance of rational thought. each breath felt labored, as if the air itself was weighted and heavy, making it a struggle to inhale and exhale. my palms began to sweat, slicking my fingertips together as my grip on reality slipped. i could feel my muscles tense, my body on high alert, ready to flee or fight, yet i was frozen in place, incapable of action. time seemed to slow as the anxiety squeezed every
then write 3 4 lines of reassurance or comfort. person thought my heart races and my mind spirals with every little detail. i can't seem to catch a break from these intrusive thoughts. reassurance i understand that anxiety can feel overwhelming, but remember, these thoughts are not a reflection of reality. you are stronger than they give you credit for. take deep breaths and allow yourself to focus on the present moment. you've faced challenges before and come out stronger on the other side. anxiety is just a feeling, and it doesn't define who you are as a person. you have the power to overcome it with patience, practice, and
let's say the person is in a social situation where they feel like everyone is staring at them. an anxious thought in this situation might be everyone is looking at me, judging me, thinking i'm awkward, ugly, or uninteresting. they must all think i'm a complete fool. i'm ruining the moment for everyone, and i should just leave. understand the difference between a fact and an anxious thought. a fact is something that is objectively true. for example, there are 2 people in this room or i am currently sitting on a chair. an anxious thought is a false or exaggerated interpretation of a situation. in the example above, the thought
weird rash ugh. i've been really good about my health anxiety lately, but now i get random rashes. i showed my doctor pictures of them last month, and he said they were vascular rashes, and to just call and make an appointment if they happen again. i made an appointment for today, but i'm nervous. they're such weird rashes. i thought they were something with my cycle because the last two times i got them, it was while i was on my period. but i got it again today, and i'm not on my period, so idk what's going on. i went to the allergist a few months ago and don't have food or environmental allergies, so idk what else there is.
describe how it might affect them emotionally, physically, and cognitively. anxious thought what if i fail the important work project presentation next week? i'll be humiliated in front of my colleagues and lose my credibility. my boss might consider me a liability, and i may lose my job. emotionally this anxious thought can make a person feel intense fear, dread, and humiliation. they might also experience a sense of self doubt, decreased self esteem, and insecurity. the fear of failure can lead to feelings of anxiousness, uneasiness, and apprehension. physically the anxious thought can manifest in various physical symptoms
explain how the thought is irrational and provide an alternative, rational thought to replace it. anxious thought i made a mistake on this report at work and my boss will find out. they will fire me and i'll never be able to get another job. this thought is irrational because it's based on an all or nothing assumption and catastrophic thinking. the person is assuming that making a mistake on a report will lead to their immediate termination and that they will never be able to find another job. this is unlikely and not based on facts. instead, a rational thought could be i made a mistake on the report, but it's a common error
this person is in a crowded train station, they feel surrounded, lost, and out of place, with several other people moving around them. the train they need has just been delayed, adding to their stress and unease. try to capture their thought process as they become more and more disconnected from the world around them. inner monologue deep, labored breaths how did i get here? the clatter and hustle of the train station surround me, yet it all seems somehow abstract, a painting of noise and commotion in my already fragmented mind. every nerve ending tingles with unease, every sense on high alert. my heart beats a mad, frenzied
anyone else s chest hurt while making unhealthy food? i was making some mac and cheese for dinner tonight absolutely delicious, but a very once in a while kind of meal . it s just pasta covered with what is essentially 100 butter, milk, and cheese. that s it. i was pouring it into the baking dish and i felt discomfort in my chest. i notice this a lot when surrounded by unhealthy food. it s not so much after i eat it, more before and during. anyone else get this? background 19, m, 185 190lbs, 6 3 , currently bulking, have has chest discomfort and have gotten two echocardiograms, and multiple ekgs with nothing apparently wrong
in the stillness of the night, my mind raced with thoughts, swirling like a madding storm of unchecked emotions. each tick of the clock seemed to echo with the inescapable weight of the unknown pressing upon me. the once familiar environment of my bedroom seemed a cage, restricting me from the freedom i craved. the gnawing sensation in the pit of my stomach, a constant reminder of the dread looming over me. i tried to distract myself, focusing on the soft, mellifluous strains of music playing on the radio, yet the soothing melody only heightened my awareness of the void left unfulfilled. the future stretched out like a vast,
they feel like they can't keep up with the world around them, and everything is moving too fast. they are constantly worried about making mistakes or disappointing others. they have a sense of being detached from reality, like they are watching their own life unfold from a distance. they feel like they are drowning in their own thoughts, and it's a struggle to focus on anything for an extended period. they crave a moment of peace and calm, but it feels like a distant dream. thought i'm struggling to keep up with the world around me. it's all moving too fast, and i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. i can't shake this
more visible veins in my hands feet than usual, paranoid about it noticed yesterday that there seemed to be more visibile veins in my hands and feet, especially while they were facing the ground. i know veins would fill with blood because of gravity, but like i said, a lot more visible than normal and more bulged out. don't have any pain, no tingling or weakness or anything, skin hasn't changed color, they're certainly not misshapen like varicose veins... but just seeing them has me freaked out, especially a couple thick ones near my ankle bone. it's been extremely distracting, staving off panic every time i notice them....
inner dialogue the clock on the wall seems to tick faster as i lay awake in the darkness, each passing second stretching out endlessly before me. the heaviness in my chest grows stronger with every inhale, making it difficult to draw each breath fully. my heart races as my thoughts swirl together, twisting into a gnarled ball of anxious, fearful thoughts that gnaw at me. i've come to dread the quiet stillness of the night, the absence of the distractions that usually kept my mind occupied and my thoughts at bay. the pressure to perform, to meet the expectations of my family, my teachers, and my peers bears down on me like a
remember the language should reflect internal thoughts and emotions, using a first person perspective. this can be about work, relationships, or other sources of stress. title boundless waves of anxiety the sunlight filtered through the drawn curtains, casting a mosaic of patterns across the carpet. my mind, however, was a stormy sea, a tempestuous churn of anxious thoughts. the inbox that loomed before me, once an essential tool for managing my day, now bore the weight of the world. i sipped my coffee with an automatic, numbing familiarity, the taste a mere shadow of the joy it had once held. how did i get here? how did it
can be in first or third person first person my heart pounds in my chest, the throbbing rhythm a relentless reminder of the dread building within me. the ticking clock echoes in the quiet room, the steady cadence urging me to rush, to accomplish more before time slips away. i take a shallow breath, feel my lungs expand with barely enough air to fill the hunger in my lungs. another tick. another labored breath. the to do list in my head spins with projects, deadlines, responsibilities, each weightier and more daunting than the last. my mind whirs with anxious thoughts, a rat in a cage, desperate to escape but held hostage by
how to move on why, with health anxiety, is it so difficult to accept things are okay and move on? say you ve spent a lot of time worrying about a specific condition and then been given the all clear found out that everything is normal and you are okay why don t you just feel the relief? i find myself, having been given the all clear still in mental turmoil, as if all those thoughts and worries are still there and just aren t sure where to go. does any one else struggle with letting go of these worries even after they resolve ? any tips for getting there faster? i am currently on anti depressants to help cope with anxiety .
more visible veins in my hands feet than usual, paranoid about it noticed yesterday that there seemed to be more visibile veins in my hands and feet, especially while they were facing the ground. i know veins would fill with blood because of gravity, but like i said, a lot more visible than normal and more bulged out. don't have any pain, no tingling or weakness or anything, skin hasn't changed color, they're certainly not misshapen like varicose veins... but just seeing them has me freaked out, especially a couple thick ones near my ankle bone. it's been extremely distracting, staving off panic every time i notice them....
the heart races, the mind races, the breath quickens. thoughts come fast and furious, often repeating like a broken record. inconsistent, illogical, sometimes fear driven, often reality distorting. an unending loop of panic, worry, fear, and fear of the unknown. anxiety is a complex mental illness that affects millions of people around the world. it can manifest in many ways, and for those who experience it, it can be a daily struggle. but despite its prevalence, anxiety is still often misunderstood, and those who live with it are too often dismissed or trivialized. in this piece, i will try to give you an insight into what
the person is stuck in traffic and believes that they will be late for their interview. inner dialogue ugh, the clock is ticking away, and i'm not. the hours hand inched closer to the fated interview time, while the minutes hand remained stubbornly in place. i glanced at the clock on the dashboard for the hundredth time, my heart sinking deeper into my chest with each passing second. the traffic jam stretched on endlessly, a seemingly endless sea of steel and rubber, all bound together by their mutual impatience and frustration. my palms grew clammy as i gripped the wheel tightly, knuckles white. my mind raced, filling with
i find it hard to ask for help tw discussion of anxiety symptoms some context i ve struggled with anxiety for a few years but can remember symptoms cropping up at moments throughout my life i think it s gad as i m mostly anxious about being anxious at this point. does anyone else find it hard to ask for help? when i m stressed by general life things job pressures etc , it does cause me to be anxious, but i hate telling people how i feel because i don t want to burden them or upset them. i also don t even think of asking for help, until i m in a bad place and really need it. does anyone have any tips on how to overcome this?
they re sitting in their apartment during a bad thunderstorm with a power outage. they're alone, they can hear each drop of rain and clap of thunder, their mind runs wildly with thoughts and they're starting to fear the worst. inner monologue sighs deeply this storm is getting worse by the minute. every flash of lightning illuminates the darkness, revealing the storm in full, ominous glory outside. the thunderclaps shake the very foundation of my apartment building, leaving an uncomfortable silence in their wake. i'm alone. so very alone. the power's out. and with each new gust of wind, i'm losing connection to the outside
the inner dialogue can contain any words, sentences, thoughts that would pass through the mind of a person experiencing stress, anxiety or fear please remember these thoughts should be based on the experience of fear, which is not pathological . try to create a monologue where the person talks about things that help them to feel better. inner monologue breathing heavily oh god, i can't do this. the deadline is just a few hours away, and i still have so much to do. my mind is racing with tasks, ideas, and deadlines. i need to focus, but my thoughts keep drifting away. the pressure is building up inside me, and i feel like i
dae feel like they've accepted death since having ha? so my health anxiety has gone a bit mad, every time i'm reassured by my doctor of one thing, something else pops up straight away. i'm not really sure how to cope as i've only really had significant ha since early last year. recently i've been having palpitations amp arm pain, i'm checking my heart rate bp almost hourly. i feel like i've now began coping by just sort of accepting that i might die as i'm too embarrassed to seek reassurance from anyone in my life. does anyone feel the same, or have any better advice other than the 'roll over and die' approach? thanks guys
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe lately. the thought of facing the world outside feels overwhelming. my mind is filled with a constant stream of anxious thoughts, and i can't seem to quiet the storm in my head. every little detail is magnified, and i'm constantly second guessing myself. it's like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. i just wish i could find some peace and calm in the midst of all this chaos.
a person might think, what if i forget my lines during the important presentation at work tomorrow? everyone will think i'm incompetent and i'll lose my job. this thought is an example of an anxious thought because it is focused on a feared outcome and the potential negative consequences of that outcome. the person is worried about making a mistake and the potential repercussions, rather than focusing on the task at hand or the steps they can take to prepare and do their best. anxious thoughts can be debilitating and can prevent people from taking action or performing at their best, leading to unnecessary stress and worry.
inner voice sighs deeply today has been a mess from the very start. the traffic was a nightmare, and i was already running late for this important meeting. i could feel my stress levels rising with every minute i spent sitting in that car, stuck in traffic. i finally reached the office, only to find out that a colleague had booked the conference room without telling me. now, i'll have to cancel or postpone the meeting i've been planning for weeks. fear what if this sets a bad precedent? what if my team thinks i can't manage something as simple as scheduling a meeting? what if they start to question my competence? my heart
how might you challenge and respond to this thought in a way that is consistent with cognitive behavioral principles? an example of an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to make a fool of myself in front of everyone at the work party tonight. this thought can trigger feelings of anxiety, embarrassment, and self consciousness. to challenge and respond to this thought in a way that is consistent with cognitive behavioral principles, you might follow these steps 1. identify the thought i'm thinking that i'll make a fool of myself at the work party tonight. 2. question the thought a. is there evidence to support
then provide evidence for and against this thought and a more helpful way to think about the situation. anxious thought i am making a mistake at work and i will be fired soon. evidence for the thought 1. you made a mistake in a recent project. 2. your boss has been looking busy and stressed lately. 3. there have been layoffs in your department recently. evidence against the thought 1. you have received positive feedback from your boss and colleagues in the past. 2. you have a good track record of meeting deadlines and producing quality work. 3. the mistakes you made were not significant and can be corrected easily. a more
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is constantly racing, and the thought of facing another day filled with uncertainty is overwhelming. every little thing sets off a chain reaction of anxiety within me. i can't help but fear the judgment of others, and the what ifs are consuming me. it's a never ending cycle of fear and doubt. i wish i could just press pause on life for a while and regain my peace of mind.
muscle twitches please help i m going crazy. ever since the beginning of december i ve been having muscle spasms and they ve gotten worse... i try to tell myself that it s just anxiety but i m really afraid that it s not i only notice them when i m at rest sitting or laying down and i don t think i have muscle weakness ... just really tired and haven t really been working out. but the muscle twitches are all over my body literally in places i didn t think i could have them... i m just really scared it s als. i have a lot going on so i haven t gone to the doctor i m going tomorrow though.. hopefully i will get some answers
my mind is a chaotic mess, each worry, fear and insecurity clinging to me, making it difficult to breathe or think. the overwhelming pressure inside threatens to shatter the tenuous hold i have on reality. i'm unable to concentrate, unable to calm the storm inside, unable to escape the prison of my own thoughts. i feel trapped, helpless, drowning in my fears. a moment of realization that helps the person see their anxiety in a different light. perhaps these thoughts are just visitors passing through, leaving no permanent mark. maybe they don't define who i truly am. i'm not my fears, or my worries, i'm the strong, capable
how do you know when to seek help for mental health issues? how to deal with negative emotions? what if it seems too daunting to even start trying to manage anxiety and depression? how to balance self care with everyday responsibilities? title when the weight of the world feels too heavy navigating the mental health minefield as the sun crept beneath the horizon, casting an amber glow across the twilight landscape, my thoughts turned inward, like the setting sun's reflection upon a quiet pond. i stood there, on the cusp of yet another night fraught with turmoil and uncertainty. i asked myself, is this how it's supposed to
the text on the page keeps glaringly staring at me, invading my personal sanctuary of comfort, threatening to engulf me, leaving me chained to this mundane task, an impossible burden that only a select few seem to accomplish effortlessly and with such an air of complacency. why is it so difficult for me? i can't even fathom the meaning of these nonsensical words, each letter a potential minefield waiting to trap me in a web of insecurity, uncertainty, and self doubt. the relentless march of time only fuels the fire, reminding me of the impending deadline that looms large like a dark and ominous cloud, threatening to douse
anxiety about taking zoloft for the first time, can i have some encouragement? i m a 19f. i ve been struggling with anxiety since highschool. i was raised to believe medicines for this kind of thing are evil. but i cant live like this anymore. i m anxious 24 7. it never stops. my panic attacks will last hours sometimes. i m scared of becoming a zombie. i don t want my good emotions to be taken. i don t want to derealize and become numb. idk, i m scared. hilariously i m anxious about it. i was just wondering, will i go numb? what if i m so numb i don t even realize it? what if i m so numb i can t decide to stop taking it?
every minute feels like an eternity, as i grapple with intrusive thoughts and the constant fear of the unknown. another example my mind is a storm of relentless worries and doubts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. thoughts from someone experiencing depression the weight of the world presses down on me, leaving me feeling empty and numb, unable to find joy or motivation in anything. thoughts from someone experiencing excitement or happiness my heart is overflowing with joy and anticipation, as i embrace new opportunities and cherish the moments that bring me true happiness. thoughts from someone experiencing love
explain what anxious thoughts are and how they can affect a person's life. anxious thoughts are intrusive and unwelcome thoughts that create fear, worry, or apprehension about the future or about potential harm or danger. for example, a person might have the anxious thought, what if i get sick and can't work, and i can't pay my bills or support my family? this thought can trigger a cascade of worries and fears, such as fear of losing one's job, fear of becoming a burden on others, fear of being a disappointment, and so on. anxious thoughts are a common experience for many people, and they can have a significant impact on
in the dimly lit room, my heart hammered away like an out of control drum solo. i clutched at the worn edges of the quilt, my fingernails digging in just enough to leave small indentations. my breath caught, and with it, the familiar lump rose in my throat. an irrational fear that it might not be enough this blanket, these four walls that had held me together for so long, were suddenly an insufficient fortress. time stretched out before me like a thick syrup. every minute seemed like an hour, each second growing heavier as if trying to drag itself to the ground. there was a heavy pressure bearing down on me, suffocating
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, as if i'm constantly walking on a tightrope, one misstep away from disaster. i'd be happy to help generate personal thoughts for people experiencing anxiety! here's another example my mind is a storm of racing thoughts, making it impossible to focus on anything for more than a few seconds. and here's a third example i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the grip of my own thoughts and the anxiety they bring. i hope these examples help give you an idea of the kind of personal thoughts someone experiencing anxiety might have. let me know if you have any other
forgetfulness, should i be concerned? i m a rather healthy 19yo minus needing some weight loss, and i woke up this morning not remembering how i fell asleep at all. i ve been struggling with sleep issues this past week due to a different work schedule catching me off guard. today i can recall certain things from the past three days, but nothing too specific. as in conversations mainly. it s kind of concerning as i ve never had memory issues really bad, nothing like forgetting a lot of the day before. i did find out how i fell asleep after finding my controller beside me where i was watching youtube before i fell asleep.
how might this thought impact that person's emotions and behaviors? thought i can't do this. i'm not good enough. i'll never be able to handle all the responsibilities i have. i'm going to fail and everyone is going to see it. impact this thought can lead to intense feelings of inadequacy, self doubt, and fear. it can cause an overwhelming sense of anxiety and stress, leading to avoidance behaviors or even panic attacks. the person may become paralyzed by their thoughts and feel unable to take action, which can worsen their anxiety and lead to a cycle of negative thinking and inaction. this can impact their productivity
monica sat in front of her computer, staring at the blinking cursor on the empty document in front of her. she had a deadline looming, but she couldn't concentrate, the fear and stress bubbling beneath the surface threating to consume her. her heart raced in her chest, every beat drumming a loud, persistent tattoo in her ears. she took a shaky breath in, then let it out, watching as her lungs refilled with air, feeling as if each breath brought her closer to the edge of a precipice. how did i get here, she wondered, her mind drifting to memories of carefree days spent in sunlit fields, laughing with friends, a time long
i'm sitting here, in the dimly lit room, heart racing faster than i can comprehend, mind ablaze with thoughts i can't escape. the sound of my own breathing, amplified in the silence, seems almost deafening. each passing second is a battle between the rational me, trying to grasp the reality of the situation, and the irrational one, clinging onto every scrap of fear. i tell myself that i'm fine, that there's no cause for alarm. but the thoughts that assault me from every angle won't let me be. my thoughts race with the intensity of a thousand wild horses, galloping through my mind, leaving me in their dust. i can't catch
they feel trapped and unsure of their actions and fear making any move, as the smallest action could have terrible consequences. inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest, each beat sending shivers down my spine. i feel a tight knot in the pit of my stomach, the kind that threatens to squeeze the life out of me. my breaths come shallow and uneven as i freeze in the corner, hiding from the monstrous reality of my situation. every nerve ending in my body is on edge, hypersensitive to every sound, every touch, every movement. why did i ever agree to do this? why did i ever let myself be led down this dangerous and precar
something that is really, really helping me get over my ha hi guys, i'm a longtime sufferer of panic attacks and my health anxiety had gotten out of control. a long time ago, a psychiatrist told me to read a book called hope and help for your nerves by claire weekes. i did not read it back then, but just recently picked it up. it's an old australian book first published in 1969 but it has been extremely helpful for me. i'm also on medication, and i can't recommend antidepressants for ha enough, but give this book a try. it's only 8 bucks on amazon, so it's not a huge investment. i hope this post helps someone out there!
i'll write one as an example. example my heart races, my mind spins as i struggle to complete this project, fearing the constant specter of failure. every detail feels like a potential disaster waiting to be unleashed. my grip on reality is slipping. i'm losing myself in this labyrinth of fear. how about something like, the weight of expectations leaves me gasping for air, unsure if i'll ever measure up or escape the prison of my own doubts and uncertainty. ? that sounds lovely. thank you! the struggle to meet others' expectations is a heavy burden. the gnawing fear that i'll never truly meet them, no matter how hard i
how can they question and reframe this thought in a more realistic and helpful way? example of an anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job interview. they'll find out i'm a fraud and reject me. reframing while it's natural to feel nervous before a job interview, it's essential to acknowledge that these feelings are not necessarily based on reality. the thought that they'll find out i'm a fraud and reject me is an assumption that may not even be true. instead, a more helpful way to think about this situation could be 1. consider past experiences reflect on your previous achievements and experiences that prove
i am going to be on an airplane for 16 hours. my panic attacks and obsessive thoughts on my health are brought on by not having control. am i completely screwed? just like the title says. i am going to be on a long plane ride and i am not looking forward to the potential anxiety i will have while in the air. last time i was on a plane it was a three hour flight and thought the whole time i was going to have a heart attack in the air and not have any help in a dire health related situation. so my question is for all of you hypochondriacs who are often on planes.. how do you push through it without feeling imminent doom?
as they look in the mirror, they realize they are in their future selves, having made it through the darkness. what words of advice or reassurance would their older, calmer self have for their anxious self? look at me, my dear younger self. i know you're overwhelmed, anxious, and fearful about the future. but trust me, it's all going to be okay. every struggle, every fear, every heartache we've gone through, has molded us into stronger, wiser, and more resilient beings. you will come out on the other side, and it will be worth it. you will learn to face the unknown with courage and curiosity, rather than fear and dread
in the grip of anxiety, it's easy to feel like your thoughts are spinning out of control, like a runaway train. the world around you becomes a blur of noise and chaos, and every minor problem feels like a mountain to climb. the weight of worry and fear presses down on your chest, making it hard to breathe, let alone think clearly. all you can do is focus on the fear, on the worst case scenarios that race through your mind, and it feels impossible to break free. in the midst of this turmoil, it's hard to remember that you're not alone, that others have felt the same way, and that there is hope for peace and calm. it's a
remember, do not include advice, coping strategies, or other words of encouragement just pure expression of someone who lives with anxiety. my heart pounds, my breath hitches as i try to force myself through another day. fear of failure clings to me like a shadow, always there, always threatening to engulf me. anxiety robs me of the joy in simple moments and clouds my mind, a relentless, crushing weight. each tick of the clock feels like a thousand tiny needles pricking at my conscience, relentless in their judgement. i just want to be normal, to find some relief from the internal storm that constantly rages within me.
in the quiet hush of the twilight, as the last rays of the sun faded into the darkening horizon, she found herself perched precariously on the precipice of a storm she could neither escape nor predict. every fibre of her being trembled with an underlying unease as she stared into the seemingly endless expanse before her, each gentle sigh of the evening wind a chilling reminder of the uncertainty that shrouded her future. a gnawing knot, taut with anxiety, lodged itself deep within the pit of her stomach as she grappled with the insidious tendrils of fear that threatened to choke the life from her. the quiet whispers of
make it as descriptive and empathetic as possible, incorporating physical and emotional elements of the experience. in the gloom of twilight, as dusk blanketed the world outside, the room grew ever more cramped and oppressive within the four cold, immutable walls that hemmed me in. i paced restlessly across the scuffed and worn wooden floor, each click of my shoe against the boards echoing in hollow resonance through the narrow chamber, a discordant melody that rang through my beleaguered soul, a cacophony of unease and trepidation. with every step, every breath, my heart pounded fiercely against the wall of my chest,
use sensory language, as though we are watching the scene unfold through the character's eyes. as i stare at the clock, the seconds seem to stretch and grow like elastic rubber bands, their taunting laughter echoing in the suffocating silence of the room. the scent of burnt popcorn clings to the walls, a remnant of an attempt at a distraction, a failed effort to mask the unyielding tension that settles in my chest like a lump of lead. my heart races as i listen to the ceaseless beeping of the smoke detector, its shrill cry for attention a piercing reminder of the fire, the devastating destruction that engulfed my home
anxious thoughts can vary greatly from person to person, but here's an example what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone laughs at me? they'll all think i'm incompetent and i'll lose my job. i'll be humiliated and i won't be able to show my face at work again. this thought pattern involves catastrophic thinking, where the person assumes the worst case scenario will occur, and all or nothing thinking, where they see themselves as either a complete success or a total failure with no room for ambiguity. these thoughts can fuel anxiety and make it difficult for the person to focus on the task at hand.
how might a therapist help the person deal with the thought? anxious thought i can't make it to this meeting on time. there's always so much traffic, and the trains are always delayed. i'll be late, and everyone will judge me for it. they'll think less of me. i'll miss out on important information, and it will set a bad precedent for my reliability. i'll be embarrassed and humiliated. a therapist might help the person deal with this anxious thought in several ways 1. cognitive restructuring the therapist could help the person challenge the irrational thoughts by asking questions and providing evidence to the contrary.
i can feel the weight of the world pressing down on me, every thought and every decision weighing heavy on my shoulders. my heart races with every passing second, each tick of the clock causing an internal alarm to go off, as if urging me to do something, anything, to make it all better. but what? what can i even do? i'm just one person, how can i make a difference in a world so full of chaos and uncertainty? every noise, every movement, every tiny detail feels amplified to an almost unbearable degree. i wish i could just turn it all off, but i can't escape the ever present storm swirling around me. anxiety gnaws away
hiv or anxiety creating my symptoms? i had shaved the day before and had a small cut on my scrotum, anyways. she had bled a bit. she says she was negative but you know health anxiety wouldnt allow that to be enough. i am at day 45 and probably for the last 30 35 days i have had symptoms such as fatigue, muscle aches doctor thinks this is levaquin , have not had a fever, but the last two weeks i have had mild headaches regularly, also a sore throat nothing new for me . any thoughts or help would be great, i know its not a death sentence if i am positive, and this community is great for all the help they provide others.
how could that thought be reframed using the principles of cbt cognitive behavioral therapy ? example an anxious thought a person might have is i'm going to fail my exam and ruin my academic career. using the principles of cbt, this thought can be reframed as follows 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought evidence for the thought i have struggled in some subjects and have not performed well in past exams. evidence against the thought i have aced some subjects and have done well in other exams in the past. i have also been preparing well for this exam and have been receiving good support from my teachers
the subject is about to undergo an invasive medical procedure. inner dialogue my heart races as i lay there on the hospital bed, the unfamiliar beep beep beep of the monitors sounding like a distant alarm. the sterile smell of the hospital fills my nostrils, bringing back memories of past procedures and unsuccessful surgeries. my mind races, reeling from the thoughts of the impending invasive medical procedure. the doctor enters the room, a reassuring smile plastered on his face, but the anxiety within me refuses to subside. he begins explaining the details of the procedure, my thoughts a chaotic whirlwind, unable to
they've come home from work feeling on edge, nerves wound tight, and as soon as they walk through the door the weight of expectation from their family presses down. they look around the messy living room and clutter throughout the house. i can't do this. i can't keep up. no matter how hard i try, things just seem to pile up around me. i'm failing. the dishes aren't finished, laundry is still waiting, i forgot an important work deadline, the bills are past due, and now the children need me for dinner. it's a vicious cycle, and the anxiety only worsens, the tightrope on which they walk growing thinner, the consequences
an anxious thought might be i need to check my email one more time to make sure i didn t miss anything important, even though i ve already checked it numerous times today and haven t received any new messages. this thought can lead to excessive worrying and anxiety because the person is focusing on a potential danger or threat missing an important email , rather than recognizing the reality that they have already addressed the situation checked their email multiple times . by constantly revisiting the thought, the person may experience increased anxiety and stress, and may find it difficult to move on from the worry.
an anxious thought a person might have is i'm not productive enough during the workday, and if i don't get more done, i'll fall behind and fail to meet my deadlines, which will result in my boss being disappointed in me, and i'll lose my job. i need to work harder and longer hours to catch up, but i'm already exhausted from the previous days. this stress is affecting my health and my personal life. i'm losing sleep and eating poorly. how can i keep going like this? i need to find a way to be more efficient and productive, but i don't have the time or energy to learn new methods or techniques. this thought pattern can
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain about the future. every little noise or movement sets off a chain reaction of panic, making it hard to distinguish reality from my overactive imagination. my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty. anxiety clutches at my heart, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my mind is a battlefield, with fear and worry waging war against
is it helpful to reassure those suffering from ha? i m seeing so many threads on here discussing symptoms and asking whether the symptoms are possibly cancer, heart disease, insert other terrifying illness. i suppose i m wondering if it is actually helpful to answer these threads and reassure these people? it just feels like the poster might get some reassurance, feel better for awhile and then just turn their attention to another illness, never actually dealing with their anxiety. i think reassuring these posters and even encouraging them to see the doctor is not helping address what really is the root problem here.
how would a therapist respond to this thought? example anxious thought i'm going to fail this exam, no matter how hard i study. i've always been bad at tests and i'll probably just make things worse by stressing out. i'm going to let down my family and friends, and they'll all be disappointed in me. therapist response it's understandable that you're feeling anxious about the upcoming exam. it's normal to have worries and concerns, especially when there's something important at stake. however, it's essential to remember that these thoughts are just thoughts, and they don't necessarily reflect reality. just because you
all of my problems i have had a lot of traumatic events these past few years. add to that i have always been a bit of a worrier. on top of that, my doctor told me i could have fibromyalgia too soon to tell . i also had a superficial blood clot in my leg recently and read online that these can be associated with deadly dvts. i am so worried about everything. ever single day i am stressed and nervous. i google health and read about these things constantly. i am not sure what i need. i guess i just want suggestions if you have any and support. i really lost it after the latest stressful event death of a family member .
they have many things to do but are paralyzed by fear and self doubt. thought i have so much to accomplish today, but my mind is a whirlwind of fear and self doubt. the more i try to focus on the tasks at hand, the more overwhelmed i become. i feel as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts. each step forward is met with ten steps back. how can i possibly get everything done when i can't even seem to get started? imagine this person struggling to find a way to break free from their anxious thoughts and take action towards accomplishing their goals. they may need to practice mindfulness techniques, prioritize their tasks,
everything in my life is great, but why do i feel so anxious? whenever the anxiety isn t heightened, i m able to enjoy my life. i m proud of myself and my accomplishments. i m surrounded by people i love and who love me. i m excited with where my career is going. i have a great life. but i feel so intensely anxious that it affects everything. the physical symptoms, ancillary feelings of depression, ocd tendencies. i wish i could just let all of that go and enjoy my life to the fullest. i ve been in therapy for a long time but never tried meds. i m nervous to start, but thinking more and more that it s a good option.
does anyone else have pelvic floor pain after multiple ejaculations in a short period of time. lately i masturbated two times in a short period of time within about 1 hour i guess after the first ejaculation i had no pain in my lower area. but after the second time i had a little bit of pain in my pelvic floor area for about 30 45 minutes. as far as i remember this happend to me when i usually was younger i m 21 now as well when i masturbated a lot in a short period of time but since i had no ha back then i didn t stress about it. i just wanted to know if this happens to any of you guys as well and if it is normal .
i am a 30 year old female and just did a sperometer today they said i have the lung of a 76 year old. i have never smoked a day in my life and second hand smoke i tried to not be around. i am 5'4 and 200lbs but trying to drop more weight. they think i might also have hyperthyroidism. i am more worried that i might have something severe with breathing. never had asthma. i try to exercise but i end up feeling like i am gonna pass out. they were suppose to call me today but no word yet. i am just worried i am gonna die too young like my mom did....who had a myriad of health problems. sorry for any errors i'm on mobile.
this is a writing prompt for those who want to improve their storytelling skills by exploring a character's thought process and emotions. as i sit huddled in the dimly lit corner, my heart races and my mind spins, a chaotic maelstrom of fear and anxiety that threatens to swallow me whole. my breaths come in ragged gasps, each one a laborious effort that brings only a momentary relief before the next wave of dread crashes over me. the room, once familiar and comforting, now feels like a labyrinth of shadows and unknowns. my senses are heightened, every sound magnified, every sight magnified, every touch magnified. i
as the days blur together, anxiety creeps in, its tendrils weaving a tangled web around my thoughts. the fear and uncertainty gnaw at me, a constant, ever present companion. every breath is a struggle, each beat of my heart an echo of unease. time slows, and i can barely focus on anything but the storm brewing within me. every decision, every action, every word feels like a precarious balance on a tightrope, and the slightest misstep could send me plummeting into the abyss. the weight of responsibility, the expectations, and the constant stream of stimuli feels like a relentless assault on my already fragile state.
how can you help this person challenge their anxious thought? anxious thought i have to be perfect in every single thing i do, or else i'll disappoint everyone and fail at life. to help this person challenge their anxious thought, you could follow these steps 1. acknowledge their feeling i can understand why you might be feeling this way. it's natural to want to do well and not disappoint people, but sometimes our expectations of ourselves can be unrealistic. 2. identify the thought you're having a thought that says 'i have to be perfect in every single thing i do, or else i'll disappoint everyone and fail at life.
in the vastness of the darkened recesses of my troubled mind, the churning maelstrom of swirling thoughts seemed unending, like an endless abyss that swallowed my thoughts whole, devouring them, shredding them apart. my breaths came fast and shallow, erratic and irregular, the weight of anxiety pressing down on me like the crushing embrace of the void, drowning out my rational senses, leaving only the primal and instinctive. the endless whirlpool of thought spun through scenarios that i had not the time nor the energy to confront in the real world. i was plagued by fears that were the most irrational, the most mund
how can this thought be reframed in a more balanced way? example of an anxious thought i made a mistake on this project at work, and my boss is going to find out. i'll be fired for sure. this thought is an example of catastrophic thinking, which is common in anxiety. this thought can be reframed in a more balanced way by considering the evidence and probabilities 1. the mistake was minor and doesn't represent a consistent pattern of errors. 2. my boss may not even notice the mistake, or they may have made the same mistake themselves. 3. even if they do notice, my boss may not react negatively, and may instead offer
in the dimly lit room, the clock's ticking seemed to grow louder with each passing second, mocking my attempts to stay focused on the pages in front of me. my mind raced like a maddened stallion, wild and uncontrollable, barreling down the tracks of endless worry. i glanced at the deadline looming in the corner of my laptop screen. the numbers counted down inexorably, the relentless march of time, reminding me of my utter lack of progress. i closed my eyes, feeling the weight of responsibility bearing down on my shoulders. i had promised i would deliver this report on time, and now, the prospect of failure weighed
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i can't finish this project on time, and my boss gets angry with me? what if i let down my team, and we lose this important contract? i'll be out of a job, and i won't be able to pay my bills or support my family. i'm just not good enough or capable enough to do this. this thought is an example of catastrophic thinking, where a person is worrying about the worst possible outcome, often in an exaggerated or disproportionate way. it can cause significant anxiety, as the person becomes consumed by their fears and worries about potential failures or letdowns. this type
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace.' 'every moment is filled with fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest decisions seem impossible.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear.' 'the weight of my anxiety is a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly.' 'my thoughts are a tangled web of worry and fear, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling like i
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace.' 'every moment is filled with fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest decisions seem impossible.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear.' 'the weight of my anxiety is a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly.' 'my thoughts are a tangled web of worry and fear, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling like i
how would you respond to this thought, given the principles from the book you're studying? anxious thought i've made a mistake on this project, and my boss will find out soon. i'll be fired for sure. response first, it's essential to acknowledge the emotion and validate the person's concern. you might say something like, i understand you're feeling really anxious about this project mistake. it's natural to feel that way when we've made an error, and especially when we think our job might be on the line. second, help the person identify the evidence for and against their anxious thought. ask questions like, what is
use vivid imagery to capture their state of mind. in the pit of her stomach, a gnawing sensation grew, like the relentless grind of an ancient millstone. her heart beat erratically, each throb a hammer strike against her ribcage. her breath came in shallow, uneven gasps, like the dying whispers of a dying ember, threatening to be snuffed out completely. she closed her eyes and tried to focus on her breathing, to calm the storm inside her. but the tumultuous sea of her thoughts refused to be stilled. each wave threatened to crash upon the rocky shores of her consciousness, threatening to engulf her entirely. images
monica's heart pounded in her chest as she sat stuck in traffic on the highway. the clock on her dashboard inched closer and closer to the time she was supposed to be at the office for her important presentation. she knew the boss was expecting a flawless showing, but all she could think about was the fear and stress gnawing at her insides. why is this happening to me again? she thought. the familiar tightness in her throat returned, as if she had swallowed a volleyball. her hands, clammy with sweat, gripped the steering wheel tightly, knuckles white. a sense of panic crept in, making her chest feel as if it were
the thought should contain a call to action, something that would snap the person out of their negative thoughts or provide relief from anxiety. thought i can't do this, i'm drowning in thoughts and worries. the more i try to calm down, the louder they become. i need a way out, and i need it now. call to action instead of focusing on your fears and worries, take a deep breath and bring your attention to the present moment. reach out to a trusted friend or family member and share what you're going through. you don't have to face this alone. reach out for help and support, and allow yourself to be surrounded by the
inner dialogue heart racing, mind swirling, thoughts a jumbled mess. why now? why here? a familiar yet unwelcome sensation crept through him, snaking its way from the pit of his stomach to the icy grip at the base of his spine. fear, that insidious, ever present shadow, was back. what was it this time? what trigger could set off this primal response, this instinctive and panicked reaction? it's only an email, just a mere electronic message, an electronic correspondence that has no business triggering these feelings. he couldn't put his finger on exactly what caused the fear to coalesce around his thoughts, but it
i am overwhelmed by the weight of my responsibility. no matter how much i work, no matter how much i accomplish, it seems like there's always more to be done. my mind races with tasks, deadlines, and expectations. it feels as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and every new challenge threatens to capsize my fragile boat. the worry gnaws at me, keeping me awake at night and sapping my energy during the day. i want to shake off the shackles of my responsibilities, but i know that i can't. i'm trapped in a cycle of anxiety, unable to escape the relentless demands on my time and attention. sometimes i wonder if
cardiophobia i am so exhausted and just need to know that i am not alone. i have been struggling with health anxiety since october of 2022. it started off with the fear of seizures no family history, no increased risk and now it s onto heart attacks and cardiac arrests. i ve had 2 ekgs, a 48 hour holter monitor, and an echocardiogram. all came back normal. my cholesterol is fine, blood pressure is fine. i don t know how to get over this irrational fear of uncertainty and unknown. i feel the constant need for control and i don t know how to stop. i am currently in weekly therapy and have just started hypnotherapy.
use descriptive language and show their thought process. the sun was setting, its fiery oranges and reds bleeding into the horizon, yet the evening air was anything but warm. the chill that lingered in the air seeped into my bones, and i shivered, wrapping my thin coat more tightly around me. i could see my own breath fogging in front of me, a stark reminder of the cold that permeated the very marrow of my being. my teeth chattered as i walked along the dark and quiet streets, each footstep causing a dull ache to travel up my legs, making my heart race in fear. i was completely alone. my thoughts raced as fast as
as my heart races and my mind whirls, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty. my thoughts spiral out of control, a never ending carousel of worst case scenarios. the weight of responsibility and expectations is crushing, and i can't escape the crushing grip of anxiety. i feel trapped in my own mind, unable to break free from the tangled web of fears and doubts that threaten to consume me. each breath i take feels like a struggle, and every moment is tinged with a sense of dread. how can i keep going, when every fiber of my being screams for me to give in to the suffocating grip of anxiety
use phrases and ideas from text as cues. the text suggests that the person is at a busy intersection during heavy traffic and is feeling very anxious, possibly panic stricken. the traffic is moving slowly, possibly due to a major accident or road closure ahead. here's a simulation deep, rapid breaths as the sounds of the chaotic city blend together honking horns, the screeching brakes, the murmur of frustrated voices why oh why am i always in the wrong place at the wrong time? my heart is pounding, my palms slick with a cold, clammy sweat. the pressure is building within me like an impending storm. i see cars and
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake in this presentation, and everyone in the room laughs at me? i will look foolish and incompetent, and my career will be ruined. this thought can cause significant distress and may even result in avoidance behavior, such as avoiding public speaking opportunities altogether. such thoughts are often irrational and exaggerated, and they can fuel anxiety and interfere with daily functioning. cognitive behavioral techniques, such as cognitive restructuring, can help people challenge such thoughts and develop more balanced and realistic ways of thinking.
they're in a large crowded marketplace, surrounded by a cacophony of voices, smells of various spices, sights of vibrant colors, and chaotic movements of vendors, customers, and animals. how would this person's mind react and process this sensory overload? the anxious person takes a deep breath, but it's quickly swallowed up by the chaos surrounding them. their heart beats rapidly, the echo of the marketplace making it feel as if it's going to leap right out of their chest. the overwhelming sensory input overwhelms them the jostling bodies, the mingling smells, the vibrant shouts and cries, the clanging of metal
inner monologue the clatter of keys against the wooden counter, the ticking of the grandfather clock, the constant hum of the refrigerator all familiar sounds that had once brought me comfort. now, they seemed to pierce the silence in my mind, each one a sharp reminder of the mounting pressures i faced. the weight of the world seemed to be pressing down on my shoulders, my heart raced, and my palms grew clammy as i tried to focus on the list in front of me. the never ending to do list, a manifestation of my seemingly unending responsibilities. each task, a monumental challenge that loomed over me, casting a long
my mind is a never ending storm of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. the constant knot in my stomach and racing thoughts keep me up at night, stealing my sleep and leaving me feeling exhausted and anxious during the day. anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to break free and find calm. my heart pounds in my chest, my breaths come in quick, shallow gasps, and i
inner monologue my heart races against my ribcage as the sun sets, casting a warm hue on the world around me. my thoughts race, a relentless train of concern. the deadline for the project looms ahead, a dark abyss that threatens to swallow me whole. the words of my boss still echo in my ears, a scathing reminder of my failure to meet expectations. why can't i get it together? why does my mind always default to the worst possible scenarios? fear takes root, a familiar companion that leaves me breathless and uncertain. i can't shake this feeling of dread. but i must. i force myself to focus, to recall past success
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of worry and fear, making it difficult to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with fear and doubt, unable to make even the simplest decisions.' 'my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a freight train without brakes, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'the weight of my worries feels like a heavy burden, pulling me down and making it hard to breathe, let alone function.' 'fear and uncertainty gnaw at me from the inside, making it difficult to trust myself or my abilities, and leaving me feeling trapped and
the world is a blur around me, a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds, but none of it seems real. my heart races, my breath catches, and my thoughts whirl through my mind like a tornado, tearing through all semblance of order and calm. every muscle in my body is tight with tension, ready to launch into fight or flight at the slightest provocation. time stretches on endlessly, each moment an eternity, and yet my mind races ahead, skipping through a thousand possible futures like a runaway train. all i can hear is the pounding of my own heart, the ragged catch of my breath, and the harsh ringing of anxiety in my ears
i can feel my heart racing as i sit here, my mind a chaos of endless, irrational thoughts and worries. every nerve ending is on high alert, sending jolts of adrenaline through my body as my breaths become quick and shallow. my hands tremble as i reach for my phone, my fingers hovering over the screen as i contemplate texting or calling that person the one who always seems to make everything better. but what if i disturb them? what if they're busy or upset and i'm just an annoyance? no, i can't do that to them. i'll just keep pushing these thoughts and emotions deep down, where they've always belonged, and try to
department at work is passing around stomach bug and i'm freaking out so as it says in the title, a department at work has been passing around the norovirus for the past week or so and i'm terrified that i'm going to get it. i interact with this team almost daily, even though i don't sit near them, but it's all i can think about now! i'm very good at washing my hands throughout the day and i'm not touching my face, but i feel like using the same bathrooms and just breathing their air will make me sick. i'm going on vacation in a few days and all i can think about is throwing up on the plane for an 8 hour flight.
inner monologue the beads of sweat were beginning to form on my forehead, my heart raced in my chest, and the familiar tightness in my stomach crept back. my mind raced with a thousand thoughts, each more daunting and fear inducing than the last. why was i feeling this way? what was it about this situation that had me so terrified, so completely on edge? i had no answer, just a void where reason and logic should have been. the clock on the wall ticked away, mocking me with its relentless march towards the future. time seemed to stretch out before me, an endless expanse of uncertainty and worry. the weight of the
share their name optional and describe a situation in which this thought would fit well. name maya thought i can't breathe. my heart is racing, and i'm unable to focus on anything except the crushing weight in my chest. the world feels unreal and distant. how am i supposed to get through this day when i can barely make it through a single minute? in a crowded classroom during a lecture, maya's mind starts to race as her body betrays her, and her heart quickens in her chest. she tries to focus on the speaker's words, but they seem to blend together and become unintelligible, leaving her feeling disconnected from
in the hazy expanse of consciousness, my mind was an endless vortex of unrelenting anxiety, each thought spiraling inward and feeding the chaotic frenzy within. the rhythm of my racing heart, throbbing in time with the frantic symphony orchestrated within my cranium, seemed to amplify the oppressive heaviness that lodged itself in the recesses of my soul. it was as though each ticking second was a burgeoning crescendo that threatened to implode, shattering the fragile veneer of my composure and rendering my fragile spirit utterly vulnerable. the world outside seemed to recede, a distant blur, as my internal cal
as the sun sets, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink, i stand motionless, rooted to the spot, lost in thought. my mind is a tempestuous sea, waves of anxious thoughts crashing against my conscious self. the to do list that once seemed manageable now appears insurmountable. each task feels like a mountain to climb, a hurdle to leap over, a battle to be fought. my heart races, my breaths shallow, my mind reels. the silence is broken by my ragged breathing, the only evidence of the internal struggle within. the tasks may seem trivial to others, mere stepping stones in the grand tapestry of life, but to me,
this should read like someone who's having a mental health crisis or is extremely nervous about something, like an impending examination. anxiety gnaws at my thoughts, a relentless wolf gnashing at my serenity. my heart hammers an irregular rhythm, each beat a chilling reminder of the impending storm brewing within. each inhale is laden with trepidation each exhale a bitter taste of fear. my thoughts race like a carousel, each memory and anticipation spinning out of control. the examination is just hours away, a looming threat. the looming question mark hangs overhead, casting its icy, judgmental shade on my we
an anxious thought a person might have is, i'm going to fail this exam no matter how much i study. i always do poorly on tests, and i can't handle the pressure. i'm going to let my family down, and they'll all be disappointed in me. this thought can lead to feelings of worry, fear, and self doubt, which can interfere with a person's ability to focus on their studies and perform to the best of their abilities. it's important for individuals to recognize these thoughts as irrational and not based in reality, and to challenge them with evidence of past successes and the steps they can take to prepare for the exam.
the room spins around me, the hum of the world beyond these four walls an unbearable symphony of sound and chaos. my heart hammers in my chest, the heavy beat drowning out the soft voice of reason that once dwelt inside me. i can't remember the last time i took a deep breath. the weight of the world hangs over my shoulders, pulling me down, crushing me. every decision, every movement, every thought is met with a swell of anxiety, an overwhelming fear that i'm not enough. the doubts and fears of my mind echo through the darkness, taunting me with their certainty, their steadfast conviction that i will fail, that
eating beets red stool i had a fairly large amount of cut up beets for lunch today around noon, along with a small cup of beet lemonade. around 5pm, my stool had quite a red dark pink tint to it, and the toilet water was that color as well. it is now 830 and i have gone again, same result. i am aware that beets can discolor your stool, however 5 hours seems pretty fast. i thought it normally takes food upward of 24 hours to go from being consumed, to being excreted. am i worried for nothing? this has never happened before, and i have eaten beets before, but never quite as much as i did today. thanks in advance.
the thought could be short and simple or long and complex. thought why can't i just be normal and keep my thoughts in order? i can't focus on anything, my mind is racing, and i can't shake this feeling of impending doom. i'm supposed to be an adult, but i can't even keep my emotions in check. i'm a failure. anxiety can make even the simplest of tasks seem insurmountable, leaving one feeling out of control and overwhelmed. the thought above represents the frustration and self criticism that can accompany anxiety, as the individual grapples with their inability to manage their thoughts and emotions. this can lead
monica's heart pounded in her chest as she checked her emails one last time before turning off her computer. the deadline for her biggest project at work was tomorrow, and she still hadn't finished it. the fear gnawed at her, clawing at her insides, threatening to consume her entirely. come on, monica. you can do this. you've tackled much bigger projects than this before, she whispered to herself, but the words rang hollow. her mind raced, and she couldn't focus on any one thing for more than a few seconds. she tried to remind herself of all the times she'd successfully met deadlines, but the memories felt like
i ll make sure the content isn t offensive or triggering. here s a possible example each day feels like a never ending battle against my own thoughts. no matter how much i try to push them aside, they seem to always come back, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. your turn i wake up to the inescapable feeling that something's off balance. my heart races and my mind churns, wondering what disaster today will bring. remember, the purpose of this thought is not to elicit sympathy, but to simply capture the inner experience of anxiety in a genuine and relatable way. your personal thoughts may vary, as everyone
been feeling feverish hello! for a while now, i've been feeling feverish, but whenever i go get my temperature checked, it always comes out as normal . also, i've been having these cramps in my legs, arms and feet. they're not exactly in extreme pain, i guess, but i feel that there is something terribly wrong. is there something wrong? is it just my anxiety acting up again? i'm also worried about having a brain tumor, but then again, the only proof i have is having some sort of brain fog i've been stumbling with my words and have trouble retrieving them. it might be my anxiety... can't stop thinking about this.
they wake up in the morning and are consumed by worry. they try to focus on work but their mind keeps drifting back to their fears. they struggle to sleep at night because their anxiety keeps them awake. their thoughts are a constant race, and they feel like they're stuck in a never ending cycle of fear and apprehension. they wish they could break free from the grip of their anxiety and find peace and calm. they yearn for a sense of control over their thoughts and emotions, but it feels like an impossible dream. they long for the day when they can wake up and feel at ease, instead of being consumed by anxiety.
afraid of rat biter fever i have really terrible anxiety, panic disorder, and crippling health anxiety. i got 2 pet rats from a breeder and they are babies so they are scared. they pooped on me and i used a tissue to remove one of the poos from the towel they were on in my lap. but later i was scratching my nose with the same tissue because i didn't realize that was the one i had used and now i'm worried that some germs passed through the mucus membranes or something. my pets usually help me with my anxiety, not make it i can't focus and i am convincing myself i have all these symptoms that aren't really there
been feeling feverish hello! for a while now, i've been feeling feverish, but whenever i go get my temperature checked, it always comes out as normal. also, i've been having these cramps in my legs, arms and feet. they're not exactly in extreme pain, i guess, but i feel that there is something terribly wrong. is there something wrong? is it just my anxiety acting up again? i'm also worried about having a brain tumor, but then again, the only proof i have is having some sort of brain fog i've been stumbling with my words and have trouble retrieving them. it might be my anxiety... can't stop thinking about this.
the character in this passage experiences extreme anxiety, and the inner monologue reflects their racing thoughts, fears, and doubts. in the dark recesses of my mind, a swirling cacophony of thoughts and fears danced menacingly on the fringes of consciousness. each one a poisoned arrow, lodged deep within, piercing me with its malignant intentions. a shiver, barely contained, shivered up my spine as reality lurched closer. why? why was it today that the insidious clutches of anxiety reached ever deeper into my very being, threatening to swallow me whole? my breaths grew quick, erratic. sweat beaded on my brow,
in the quiet, dimly lit room, the oppressive weight of anxiety pressed upon my shoulders, threatening to shatter the fragile fabric of my composure. my heart raced wildly in my chest, a violent cacophony that reverberated throughout my being. my thoughts spiraled out of control, their jagged edges leaving me disheveled and untethered. each tick of the clock felt like an eternity as i waited for the inevitable to unfold. my mind filled with a relentless litany of worst case scenarios, painting a vivid and terrifying tableau of potential catastrophe. the past lingered menacingly at the edges of my consciousness,
this person is feeling isolated and scared due to the pandemic and needs reassurance. their thoughts may bounce from worry to fear to hope, reflecting their emotional turbulence. in the stillness of the early dawn, the sun hadn't yet dared to peek above the darkened horizon. the air felt thick and unbreathable, heavy with uncertainty, burdened by the weight of unspoken fears. my breaths came in short gasps, each one more ragged than the last. my heart pounded wildly against my ribcage, my fingers trembling slightly against the cold, polished wooden handle of the mug i was cradling between my hands. as i looked
include some sensory descriptions of the feelings, as well as how thoughts and physical responses interact. i'm staring at the stack of papers on my desk, my heart racing. time is ticking away, the minute hand of the clock seeming to move slower with each passing second. my breaths come quick and shallow, my chest tightening with every intake. the room is hot, suffocating even, my skin sticky with sweat. my hands tremble, threatening to ruin the carefully composed emails in front of me. i can't concentrate, my thoughts a swirling jumble of fears and doubts. i catch a whiff of the coffee from my half empty mug,
should i see a neurologist? i am 19,f and have gad btw 1 went to a specialist, diagnosed me with occipital neuralgia. i ate the medicine and i no longer get these constant headaches. he did a physical check on me to check my vision, balance and muscle strength and it was fine. he told me to just fix my posture. 2 however, my muscle twitching and numbness ive always had this my entire life and my short term memory loss problems got worse. besides, i now have speech and focusing problems. is it just anxiety and it's all just psycho symptomatic pain? is my recently diagnosed anxiety a symptom of something bigger?
perhaps something like this in the throes of relentless anxiety, it seems that every thought and fear spins like a maddening hamster wheel, an unending loop of doubt and worry. with each passing moment, time ticks relentlessly away, yet the cacophony within remains a constant, deafening backdrop to life. simple tasks once accomplished with ease feel like daunting endeavors, the world weighted down by expectations unfulfilled and uncertainty's sting. each decision carries a monumental importance, a gravity all encompassing in scope. yet amidst this tumult, small flashes of hope, reminders that life can and will
how can i better handle my catastrophising recently i ve become a lot more aware that when i overthink something i often don t look for evidence that that thing is true i instead simply catastrophise without receiving the information which actually may disprove what i m thinking. a common reaccuring thought in this is that my boyfriend is mad at me, that my friends are mad at me and overall the overarching fear that i ve done something wrong. from personal experiences can anyone give me some personal self help techniques to reduce catastrophising and overall thoughts that are extremely blown out of proportion
they may have just experienced a trauma or feel as though they're in a dangerous or chaotic situation. the thoughts and feelings expressed should reflect the fear, disorientation, and a desire for safety and control. inner monologue oh god, what have i gotten myself into? this wasn't supposed to happen. i can't believe this is happening to me. my heart is pounding, i can hardly breathe. my mind is racing, thoughts tumbling over each other like leaves in the wind. there's a cacophony of sounds, chaos all around me. i don't understand any of it. everything is so loud, so confusing. i need... i need calm, safety
my mind is a chaotic storm of worries and fears, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'i'm constantly on edge, every sound, every movement, every thought sending my anxiety into overdrive, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more catastrophic than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, every breath a struggle, every heartbeat a reminder of the constant fear that holds me captive.' 'my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and
how might they challenge it using cbt techniques? an anxious thought a person might have is i have to be perfect in everything i do, or else i'll fail and everyone will reject me. this thought is an example of an all or nothing thinking pattern, also known as perfectionism. to challenge this thought using cbt techniques, the person can 1. identify the evidence for and against the thought evidence for in the past, they may have felt that they failed if they didn't meet their own or others' expectations. they might have experienced rejection or criticism when they didn't perform perfectly. evidence against they
imagine they have been alone in a forest for 3 days and cannot find a way out. the temperature is dropping and they are hungry. they keep thinking they hear strange noises outside of their shelter. i can't believe i'm still here. three days, three seemingly endless days trapped in this claustrophobic forest, surrounded by nothing but the overwhelming sounds of nature. the gentle hiss of leaves rustling, the incessant buzz of insects, the shrill cry of the night owls the chorus of my living nightmare. the hunger is gnawing at me like the wolves that may, or may not, lurk in the shadows of the forest beyond the
my heart races with every passing minute, as i try to focus on the present but my thoughts drift to the looming deadlines, the mountain of responsibilities piling up, and the fear of failing, of disappointing everyone around me. i can feel the weight of expectations on my shoulders, as if i'm carrying the entire world's burdens, and i don't know how much longer i can hold on. the future looms uncertain and daunting, a maze of challenges that i fear i'll never be able to navigate. the present moment, all that i can truly control, slips through my fingers like sand, and all i can do is clutch at the remnants of
a person might have the anxious thought, what if i make a mistake and everyone finds out i'm a fraud? this thought is an example of the what if or catastrophizing type of thinking common in anxiety. it's an overestimation of the likelihood or consequences of a potential mistake or failure, leading to fear, worry, and distress. in this case, the person assumes that making a mistake would mean they are a fraud, and they'd be exposed and rejected by others. such thoughts can be irrational and exaggerated, but they are powerful and can cause significant emotional and physiological reactions in an anxious person.
in the first person narrative view. the character must have lost their job or be facing the imminent loss of a job. they also need to be struggling to find a new job in a down economy and are running low on savings. another day, another dollar i don't have. the alarm clock pierces the silence of my bedroom, a shrill reminder of the relentless march of time. a deep breath a reflex more than a conscious decision as i drag my legs from beneath the blankets. the weight of the world settles upon my shoulders like a cumbersome cloak. i force myself from the safety of the bed, staring at the floor with bleary eyes,
use vivid language and explore both thought and emotion in the text. the sweat clung to my temple, beads forming and merging as one, trickling down my face in rivulets. my heart raced, a wild bird caged within my chest, eager to escape, to breathe in the air that had been snatched away from it. every breath was a labored battle, an uneven exchange, the cool autumn air outside contrasting the scorched air within. the seconds ticked by, each one an eternity, each one stretching my nerves until they snapped, threatening to fray, to unravel the fragile tapestry that held together the fragments of my fragile mind
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm constantly on edge, feeling like i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop and causing me to second guess even the simplest decisions.' 'anxiety has me in its grip, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to calm my racing thoughts or stop the cycling of negative thoughts.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, my mind races, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to escape the grip of my anxiety.' 'the weight of my worries is crushing, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm constantly on edge, feeling like i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop and causing me to second guess even the simplest decisions.' 'anxiety has me in its grip, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to calm my racing thoughts or stop the cycling of negative thoughts.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, my mind races, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to escape the grip of my anxiety.' 'the weight of my worries is crushing, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable
my mind is a never ending storm of fears and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my anxiety. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as my anxiety twists my thoughts into a knot, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped within my own mind. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, unable to escape the relentless cycle of worry and fear that grips me with an iron fist, leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my anxiety feels like a dark cloud, swallowing me whole and blocking out all light, leaving me trapped in a sea of despair and uncertainty, unable to find
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. the simplest tasks feel like mountains to climb. every little noise makes me jump, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter in my mind. it's like a never ending loop of worry and fear. i'm terrified of what might happen if i leave the house or face new situations. i'm so exhausted from this constant state of anxiety, but i don't know how to break free.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my mind is racing and i can't seem to shake off this feeling of fear. every little thing is amplified, my heart beats faster, my thoughts spiral out of control. it's like my anxiety is a heavy weight i can't escape, and the thought of facing the day ahead fills me with dread. i can't help but fear the judgement of others, the what ifs and worst case scenarios. it's exhausting.
stinging pain in far left side of chest that s worse when i move my left arm. hey guys. i m trying to get some help identifying what this may be. for about a week i ve had a constant pain in the far left side of my chest. i went to the doctor about it, who said my blood pressure and heart sounded fine, so i should just carry on as normal . however, having ha i m freaking out that it s not fine . i have noticed that if i raise and lower my left arm, the pain comes on sharper as a burning, stinging like sensation in the same far left spot on my chest. any idea what this may be, and if i need a second opinion?
the world around me feels like a maze of endless challenges and obstacles, each one threatening to consume me. my heart races, my breath shallows, and my thoughts spin out of control. every mistake i've ever made looms large in my mind, casting a shadow over my present actions and clouding my judgement. i long for the simplicity of a quiet moment, to collect myself and regain my bearings, but the relentless tide of anxiety pushes me further and further from that place of calm. i fear i'll never find my way out of this labyrinth of worry and fear, leaving me feeling trapped and alone in a sea of uncertainty.
describe it in the third person, starting with, as she breathed in deeply, her thoughts churned. as she breathed in deeply, her thoughts churned in the stillness of her cramped office cubicle. her heart throbbed beneath her chest, an unwelcome rhythm that accompanied her racing mind. a sea of tasks lay before her each, an undisputed imperative. yet her energy ebbed as swiftly as the sunlight that slivered through the windows and cast elongated shadows over her workspace. the pressure to perform and exceed loomed ominously. an inner debate emerged, its voices whispering, pleading, roaring a symphony of disqu
then, discuss how that thought might influence the person's behavior and emotions, and provide coping strategies to help manage anxious thoughts. example of anxious thought i'm going to miss my train, and if i do, i'll be late for my important job interview, and they'll think i'm unprofessional and not capable of handling deadlines. this thought is an example of the what if thinking that is common in anxiety. it involves catastrophizing or imagining worst case scenarios, which can lead to feelings of fear, worry, and panic. the thought might influence the person's behavior and emotions in the following ways
an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i forget all the words during my work presentation tomorrow, and everyone will think i'm incompetent and unprofessional? this thought triggers feelings of fear, self doubt, and concern, and can lead to avoidance behavior or other maladaptive responses. these types of thoughts and subsequent feelings are common in anxiety disorders and can interfere with daily functioning and quality of life. it is important for individuals experiencing these thoughts and feelings to seek professional help to learn coping strategies and methods to manage anxiety effectively.
my mind is racing like a never ending rollercoaster, every thought amplified, my breaths shallow and fast. i can feel my heart pounding, the fear building within me. how do i stop this? how do i calm my anxious mind and find some peace? but the more i think about it, the more overwhelmed i become. it's a vicious cycle, and i don't know how to break free. anxiety can be a heavy burden, but there are tools and techniques that can help manage and even alleviate symptoms. it takes practice, but with time, the racing thoughts and racing heart can be slowed down, allowing for peace and clarity to return. remember
thought why can't i just control my thoughts? they're spinning out of control and i'm drowning in them. i'm tired of feeling this way, but i don't know how to make it stop. i'm failing at life and i can't even manage my own mind. imagine the feeling of being consumed by thoughts that won't quiet down, no matter what you try. the weight of anxiety pressing down, making it hard to focus, and impossible to escape. the sense of failure and helplessness that comes from feeling like you're unable to control even the most basic aspects of your own mind. this thought encapsulates the overwhelming nature of anxiety
a torrential downpour of thoughts crashes against the walls of my mind, each one more insistent and terrifying than the last. my heart beats wildly, as though trying to escape my chest, and my breath comes in ragged gasps. the world around me is a haze, my senses dulled by fear and trepidation. i am lost, adrift in a sea of anxiety, struggling to stay afloat amidst the crushing waves of doubt and insecurity. every misstep, every unfinished task, every uncertain word, looms large in my thoughts, casting a long and dark shadow over my present and threatening to consume me. the future is a vast and terrifying
the stress is due to unfinished work at the workplace and the fear is about possible health complications and consequences for a loved one because of an impending surgery scheduled for the following day. inner dialogue exhale deeply, rubbing temples with my fingertips oh god, why can t the workday end? there s so much to do, and the deadlines keep creeping up. i thought i could manage it all, but now, it feels like a losing battle. every minute that passes is one i could have spent finishing this project or making those calls. i need to focus, but my mind keeps drifting back to the hospital, to the surgery
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one escalating the next, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus.' 'every breath i take feels labored, my thoughts a constant loop of worst case scenarios. i'm trapped in my own mind, unable to escape the anxiety.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, every decision a mountain to climb, every choice a potential disaster. i'm drowning in the sea of my own thoughts.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, each one building on the last, leaving me exhausted and overwhelmed. i long for the peace and calm that seems just out of reach
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling into a whirlpool of worry and fear, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped. i'm caught in a cycle of constant fretting and worrying, my mind a chaotic storm of anxious thoughts, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to focus on anything else. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me like a leaden shroud, my heart racing and my mind a jumbled mess, unable to find peace or stillness. i'm plagued by an endless stream of negative thoughts, my anxiety a relentless wave that crashes over me, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in my own
i'm having dinner with friends, and i keep thinking about what to order. i don't want to get something they've already had, but i also don't want to order something that's too weird or unappetizing. what if they think i'm being too fussy or high maintenance? i don't want to hold up the order, but i also don't want to regret my choice. i'll probably end up ordering something safe and boring, but that's better than making everyone else wait while i figure it out. i know this seems like a trivial problem, but these thoughts can take over and make me feel overwhelmed and stuck. this is an example of an anxious
this person is trying to focus on their work while dealing with a difficult family situation. inner monologue i can't focus. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and anxiety. the clock on the wall ticks endlessly, taunting me with the passing minutes. each second slipping away, and with it, my deadline. the papers before me remain blank, my thoughts jumbled, my pen hovering ineffectively over the page. my phone vibrates, shattering the silence. it's my sister, her voice trembling with emotion. her words hang in the air between us, a tangled mess of fear and uncertainty. the familiar chaos of her family's lives
the anxiety has taken over, making everyday tasks an insurmountable challenge. the person's mind is racing, thoughts are jumbled, and they feel paralyzed by fear. they want to escape the feeling of being trapped in their own mind, longing for peace and tranquility. they yearn for a simple moment of clarity, to focus on something other than their racing thoughts. they crave the ability to take a deep breath and let go of the fear that grips them, but it seems impossible. they wonder if they will ever find relief from the relentless cycle of anxiety and if they can ever truly experience peace of mind again.
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, making simple tasks seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one leading to another, creating a chain reaction of worry and anxiety that leaves me paralyzed and unable to focus.' 'anxiety grips my heart, tightening its hold with each passing moment, making it difficult to catch my breath or quiet the storm of thoughts raging through my mind.' 'the weight of worry sits heavy on my shoulders, dragging me down and making even the simplest tasks feel like a mountain to climb.' 'anxiety claws at my insides
they're standing outside their house late at night, and they keep hearing strange noises. silence. then the crunching of leaves underfoot interrupts it. anxiety knots in her stomach. heart races. she hesitates, then reaches for her phone. her thumb hovers over the light up screen, trembling slightly. what was that? just the wind or a loose branch scraping against the house? but it sounded closer... too close for comfort. could it be one of the neighbors returning home? or that creepy guy from down the block who always stares at her house from across the street? why did i let my guard down? i told myself i
the sun sets, painting the sky with hues of orange, pink, and purple. the wind carries the soft murmurs of crickets, their soothing tunes in stark contrast to the thoughts swirling in my mind. my heart races as i glance at the clock 11 30 pm. my to do list remains incomplete, with essential tasks looming over me like a dark cloud, demanding my attention. the phone in my hand beeps with notifications of impending deadlines and new assignments, adding fuel to the flames of anxiety. my breath catches in my throat, a heavy weight pressing against my chest. i can feel my anxiety spiraling out of control, a cha
anxiety a relentless storm in my mind, swirling thoughts and fears, drowning me in a sea of uncertainty. each moment a battle against the tide, each breath a struggle to find solid ground. the weight of worry presses heavy on my shoulders, threatening to shatter my fragile spirit. silent cries echo within me, tears trapped beneath my closed eyes, unable to escape the relentless torrent. time stretches on, endless, as i cling to the fragments of control i can muster, my heart pounding in my chest, a desperate drumbeat urging me to fight, to survive. i am but a leaf, caught in the whirlwind, spinning out of
wheezing and trouble getting air damn, hypochondria is driving me crazy. every little thing that i find wrong with me makes me immediately conclude that i have cancer. this time, i have realized that my breath is whistling when i exhale wheezing . i also feel like i cannot get enough air, and must take deep breaths every 45 seconds or so. this has been going on for roughly three weeks and has not improved. are there minor conditions that could be causing this? i hate hate hate that i automatically assume that i am going to die whenever i discover something like this. any help would be greatly appreciated.
one common anxious thought is, what if i forget the important things i need to do or say during this presentation and i make a fool of myself in front of everyone? this thought can cause significant anxiety and stress, leading to distracting thoughts, physical symptoms, and potentially impairing one's performance. it's important to remember that anxious thoughts are a natural part of the anxiety experience, but not necessarily a reflection of reality. cognitive behavioral strategies, such as mindfulness, cognitive restructuring, and exposure, can be helpful in managing these thoughts and reducing anxiety.
i'll start with a sentence or two in the stillness of the night, the dark corners of my mind began to fill with doubts and fears. my heart pounded in my chest, the echo of the stress that had built up throughout the day. what if i fail? i thought, as i wrestled with the gnawing worry that had taken root in the recesses of my being. each worry seemed to grow heavier, casting a long and darkening shadow over the future i had once so carefully planned. could i overcome this obstacle? my mind raced with doubts, but the only clear answer remained stubbornly elusive. with a shaky breath, i resolved to press on.
every minute feels like an eternity, as i worry about potential outcomes and grapple with intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'anxiety clutches my mind, making me question every decision and leaving me in a state of constant fear and uncertainty.' 'i'm held captive by my own thoughts, feeling like a prisoner to the relentless cycle of worry and fear.' 'my mind is a storm of thoughts and emotions, and i'm unable to find any peace or calmness amidst the turmoil.' 'the weight of my worries and fears feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, making it hard to focus on anything else.
inner dialogue the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, my heart races as i try to focus on the task at hand. deadlines loom over me, the relentless ticking of the clock is a constant reminder of my perceived inadequacy. how can i possibly finish this in time? i question my abilities, doubt my skills and dread the inevitable outcome failure. i breathe in deeply, trying to ground myself in the present moment, but fear wraps around me like a dark blanket, suffocating me with its relentless grip. anxious thoughts flood my mind, my inner critic chirps in the background, fueling the flames of self
my mind is a never ending whirlpool of worry and doubt, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts and racing heartbeats, unable to escape the grip of my own fears and doubts.' 'my mind is a storm of uncertainties and doubts, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed, and i can't seem to find any peace.' 'anxiety clouds my judgment and colors my perspective, leaving me feeling isolated and uncertain about the future
this should involve describing their thoughts, emotions, and behaviors. in the dimly lit room, i sit huddled on the edge of the worn out, purple couch, my hands gripping the frayed edges of my gray sweatpants. my heart races, each thump against my ribcage sounding like a bellowing drum, as i struggle to keep my breaths steady and even. the seconds stretch out like elastic bands, pulling at my sanity, threatening to snap me into pieces. my thoughts twist and churn, a never ending tempest of fear and anxiety, like a wickedly malicious carousel, taunting me with memories of past failures and fears of future
i can feel the weight of the world on my shoulders, as if each worry and fear is a boulder pressing down on me. my heart races, my palms sweat, and my mind whirls with a thousand thoughts, all vying for my attention. i can barely focus on one thing at a time, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. it's as if i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty, with no escape in sight. i long for peace and calm, but it feels as if they are forever out of reach. the anxiety threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. i'm exhausted from the constant battle within myself
my mind is a whirlwind of endless worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace.' 'every breath i take feels labored, as if the weight of my anxiety is pressing down on my chest, suffocating me from the inside out.' 'the world around me seems to move in slow motion while my thoughts race ahead at a breakneck pace, leaving me feeling disconnected and helpless.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to quiet the storm brewing in my mind and find solace in the present moment.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of rational thought, leaving me feeling
my mind is a relentless storm of worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. i'm here to help you explore and understand your anxiety, and find ways to manage it effectively. let's begin by examining the thoughts and feelings that contribute to your anxiety, and discovering the triggers and patterns that make it worse. together, we'll develop a personalized approach to help you regain control of your thoughts and emotions, and live a happier, more fulfilling life. thoughts and feelings i feel like my mind is racing out of control i can't stop thinking about worst case scenarios
monica's heart raced as she stared at the endless stream of red numbers on her screen. her stomach twisted into knots as the deadline approached, and she could feel the bead of sweat trickle down her temple. the soft hum of the office around her seemed to amplify the relentless ticking of the clock on her computer, each second feeling like an eternity. breathe, monica, she whispered to herself, but her shallow breaths only seemed to make her more aware of her rapid heartbeat. it's just a report. you've done this a hundred times before. what's the worst that could happen? she asked herself, but her mind r
brain tumor thoughts consuming my life hi all, for the past 3 years i have had some strange symptoms that are persistent, i have a pressure in my forehead, constant dizziness room not spinning . i had a brain mri back in august 2021 without contrast which came back clear, but i do feel as though something may have been missed as i have the symptoms above. it is consuming my life, i think about it everyday, it's getting to the point where it's driving me to the point of wanting to unalive myself i can't talk to my family about it as i spoke about my worries a couple of years ago and things got pretty bad.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it difficult to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty about the future.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to escape the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'my thoughts race faster than my heart, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by my anxiety.' 'the weight of my anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my body tense and my mind preoccupied with worst
keep in mind they are in a dark forest with trees looming above them, the leaves whispering threateningly in the breeze. their flashlight flickers as they hike deeper into the forest and the night grow closer, the only sound their ragged breathing and the ominous crunching of leaves beneath their feet. inner monologue heavy, labored breathing i'm so far in now, there's no turning back. my flashlight barely penetrates the suffocating darkness, but i press on, compelled by some desperate, irrational necessity. i tell myself it's just a test, a personal challenge to conquer my fear and prove my bravery. but
every breath feels heavy, my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty.' 'my thoughts are a jumbled mess, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that race through my mind, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my muscles tense, and my mind filled with intrusive thoughts that i can't escape, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated in my own mind.' 'i'm a prisoner to my thoughts, each one a terrifying scenario that plays on repeat in my head, leaving me feeling anxious and overwhelmed, unable to
my mind is a never ending whirlpool of worry and doubt, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts and racing heartbeats, unable to escape the grip of my own fears and doubts.' 'my mind is a storm of uncertainties and doubts, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed, and i can't seem to find any peace.' 'anxiety clouds my judgment and colors my perspective, leaving me feeling isolated and uncertain about the future
200 300 words he paced back and forth in his small, cluttered apartment, heart racing with every beat. the incessant ticking of the clock on the wall only served to heighten his anxiety, a harsh reminder of time slipping through his fingers. what was he going to do? how was he going to make this right? the bills were piling up, the phone calls from debt collectors a daily reminder of his failures. his mind was a tempest of fear and uncertainty. what had he done to bring himself to this point? he couldn t help but feel like a failure, a disappointment, a burden on society. every decision he had made over
inner monologue my heart is pounding in my chest, every beat feels amplified. the room is spinning, my breaths uneven and shallow, each one a struggle. i can't focus, can't concentrate, my thoughts racing in a jumbled mess. why now? why does it always feel like the whole world is caving in on me when i'm already at my weakest? my mind spins with fears and doubts, a seemingly endless cycle of negative thoughts. my muscles tense and twitch as if at any moment they may give way to the overwhelming emotion building inside me. a tear threatens to escape from the corner of my eye, a silent testimony to the un
explain how a vicious cycle can be created, what can happen, and ways to break the cycle. anxious thought example i'm not good enough to get this job, they'll find out i'm a fraud soon enough. in this example, the person is experiencing the thought that they won't measure up to the expectations of the job they're applying for. this thought triggers feelings of anxiety and self doubt. vicious cycle creation once these anxious thoughts arise, they can lead to further negative thoughts and behaviors that can worsen the situation. this is known as a vicious cycle. the person might start to imagine the worst
my mind is a chaotic storm, filled with intrusive thoughts and uncertainties, making it impossible to focus on anything but my fear. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and fear, my thoughts spiraling out of control like an endless merry go round, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. my nerves are on edge, every little noise and sensation amplified by my anxiety, leaving me feeling as if i'm constantly teetering on the brink of a breakdown. the weight of my worries and fears is a heavy burden, pressing down on my chest and clouding my thoughts, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything
punctured my hand with wire was doing my art project and ended up stabbing myself with some wire an hour ago. it bled a bit and stopped, my arm kinda sore. because of that i'm now freaking out that i could get tetanus. i don't think i've gotten that shot before and i heard you need it to stop tetanus. but i have really bad anxiety so i wouldn't know if i'm imagining any pain i'm feeling. i don't even know why i'm worried the puncture was like 1cm deep, but i'm still panicing about going to the doctors to ask if i should get the shot its always something with me always feel like i'm about to die everyday
my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm in the midst of it all.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts.' 'fear clutches at my heart, as i struggle to focus on anything but the endless stream of anxious thoughts that race through my mind.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, leaving me feeling trapped and consumed by the overwhelming weight of anxiety.' 'every breath feels labored, every heartbeat accelerated, as anxiety
then, list 5 steps that can be taken to challenge and counteract that thought, including both behavioral and cognitive strategies. example of an anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job. they will see right through me in the interview and reject me. step 1 identify the evidence that supports and contradicts the anxious thought a. evidence that supports the anxious thought i've never gotten a job this competitive before. b. evidence that contradicts the anxious thought i have a solid resume, i've prepared well for the interview, and i have good references. step 2 challenge the thought by re fr
my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm in the midst of it all.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts.' 'fear clutches at my heart, as i struggle to focus on anything but the endless stream of anxious thoughts that race through my mind.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, leaving me feeling trapped and consumed by the overwhelming weight of anxiety.' 'every breath feels labored, every heartbeat accelerated, as anxiety
i m lost, both literally and figuratively. my heart races as i scan my surroundings, every unfamiliar sound causing me to jolt. i m in this labyrinth of a city, each twist and turn a new puzzle. the crowds, the scents, the languages swirl around me, overwhelming and unintelligible. my map lies crumpled in my pocket, its lines meaningless in the face of my panic. i long for the comforting familiarity of home, the calm and steady presence of those who know me. but how can i find my way back when i can t even make sense of the present? every step forward seems to take me further away, each decision fraught
an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i can't handle this situation? what if i make a mistake and everyone sees me as incompetent or weak? people will lose faith in me, and i'll lose my job or my reputation. this type of thought can lead to feelings of intense anxiety and fear, which can prevent a person from taking action or making decisions. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often irrational and not based in reality. they can be managed through various coping mechanisms such as deep breathing, positive self talk, and seeking support from trusted friends or professionals.
in the quiet of the early morning, i lie awake, tangled in the sheets, heart pounding in my chest, thoughts racing like a freight train through my mind. i can't shake the feeling of dread that clings to me like a wet towel, suffocating me with its weight. i know the day ahead will be filled with tasks, obligations, and deadlines, but the thought of facing them all leaves me feeling small and powerless. i can't breathe, can't think, can't move. all i can do is lie here, helpless, as the minutes tick by, each one a reminder of the time slipping away, the mountain of responsibilities growing ever larger. i
use the second person point of view. you re sitting there, heart pounding in your chest, eyes fixed on the red, ticking clock on the wall. every second stretches out before you, like an eternity. the room feels suddenly oppressive, heavy with uncertainty and the suffocating weight of your own thoughts. your breathing hitches and falters, the beads of sweat on your forehead beginning to glisten in the pale, feeble light. the silence is deafening. your mind races, spinning a web of what ifs so intricate, you re not quite sure how you managed to get tangled up in it. why is this night so different from any
humming feeling in right side of the chest hey guys, i'm in full on panic mode right now and i feel like shit because of it. as of yesterday i noticed some weird humming that happens a couple of times a day, sort of like when you have the flu and hear that motorized breathing, except there's no snot and i don't feel sick. at first i thought it was really a snot deep down but then i noticed it happened when i wasn't breathing meaning it's not even connected to that. has anyone had anything similar happen to them? lately my eye is twitching like crazy, could it be connected to magnesium deficiency? thanks
my mind is a relentless storm of thoughts, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. every breath i take feels like an effort, as the weight of anxiety bears down on me, threatening to consume me entirely. the constant churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle, unable to break free and find peace. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, yet i'm frozen in place, unable to make a decision or take action, consumed by the crushing burden of anxiety. anxiety claws at me from the inside, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling helpless and
i d love to have a deep, introspective quote, but sometimes my anxiety robs me of the ability to find the right words or even think at all. all i can manage is, breathe. just breathe. i understand the struggle of trying to find the right words or even thoughts during moments of intense anxiety. here's a simple thought from someone in that situation my mind is a storm, and all i can do is weather it, one breath at a time. this thought acknowledges the turmoil inside, while also reminding ourselves that we have the power to get through it. we may not be able to control the storm, but we can control how we
this is a personal reflection, meant to illustrate the intense emotions and thoughts that occur when the mind is in a state of high stress and fear. my heart pounds. the sweat on my brow thickens, the edges of my vision blur. beads of fear form in the pits of my stomach and spread through my limbs. fear? i shake my head. panic, more like. panic that threatens to swallow me whole. i cannot focus. this is more than just fear this is the relentless tide of fear consuming me. my thoughts spiral out of control, every second stretching like an elastic band, each thought bouncing out only to be snapped back, a
remember to maintain a conversational tone and keep the text relatively short. character alex alex deep breath i've got this presentation tomorrow, and i've barely started preparing for it. i've been putting it off for days, but now the pressure's on. i'm not good with public speaking. in fact, i get so nervous that my mind goes blank, and i stumble over my words. the last time i had to present in front of a group, i could barely finish a sentence. i know i need to practice, but the thought of standing there, in front of all those expectant faces, makes me want to run and hide. and the fact that i haven
what is your specific experience, and what coping strategies have you found helpful for managing your anxiety symptoms? when the future looms large and uncertainty shadows my every step, i find myself paralyzed by an insidious knot of worry. anxiety has the power to taint my present, casting a shadow over every moment, stealing my joy. but i've discovered solace in deep, purposeful breathing and grounding exercises. each inhale and exhale centers me, bringing me back to the present. with each step, i remind myself of my resilience and the strength to weather even the most tumultuous of emotional storms.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one escalating and consuming me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me frozen in fear and uncertainty, unable to focus on anything but the endless cycle of negative thoughts.' 'fear grips my heart, my mind a chaotic storm of thoughts and emotions, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless.' 'my thoughts race and swirl like a tornado inside my head, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless cycle of anxiety.' 'anxiety wraps me in its icy grip, leaving me feeling frozen and paralyzed, unable
use vivid language to bring the feeling to life. in the heart of my being, a storm rages, dark clouds of worry and fear churning, casting lightning bolts of uncertainty and doubt. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last. my heart pounds in my chest like a wild drum, threatening to burst free and leave me breathless. i feel trapped, ensnared by the unrelenting grip of anxiety. time slows to a crawl, every second stretching on like an endless elastic band, taunting me with its unyielding persistence. my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, a tempest of fear and panic, leaving me
thought my heart races as i scramble to remember every detail of the presentation i have to give tomorrow. the notes in my hand seem to dance in front of my eyes, their words blurring together like a jumbled mess. my mind reels, each thought spiraling out of control, like a carnival ride with no end in sight. my body trembles with the weight of the anticipation, my breaths shallow and unsteady. why can't i just be normal, just like everyone else? the clock ticks away, the seconds an eternity, as i struggle to grasp onto the hope that i'll somehow find the courage and the clarity to make it through. but
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, unable to focus on the present moment, and each breath feels like a struggle.' 'my mind is a constant storm of fears and doubts, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty and fear.' 'anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and vulnerable.' 'the weight of my worries bears down on me like an unrelenting mountain, threatening to crush my spirit.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'the grip of anxiety tightens around my heart, making
pulse palpitations in neck hey guys, i just wanted to ask around if any of you have this going on as well. for the first time in my life, and only two days ago, i realized that i can see the veins artery in my neck visibly pulsate. i have had problems in the past with palpitations, but now that i have noticed this i can t go in front of a mirror without freaking out about it. is this something new, or has this always been there, and i just never noticed? there isn t much information about this online not that i want to search and freak out some more. what do you guys think, is this normal male anatomy?
how does their fear anxiety manifest in their life? provide some sensory details, as well as a physical and emotional description. as i sit here in the dimly lit room, my heart beats erratically in my chest, my palms sweat, and my breaths come in ragged gasps. the ticking clock and the faint hum of the refrigerator seem to amplify in volume, drowning out all other sounds. my thoughts spiral out of control, a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, each more terrifying than the last. fear clutches at me like a vice, leaving me feeling trapped, powerless, and completely unable to escape its grip. my body trem
i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of unease and uncertainty, as if every decision i make could lead to catastrophic consequences.' 'my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus on anything else.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and on edge, always anticipating the worst.' 'the weight of my worries and fears threatens to crush me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, fueled by my fear of the unknown and the what ifs, leaving me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle
every breath feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of doubts and fears, questioning the simplest of decisions. a thought from someone who is feeling overwhelmed 'the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can t seem to shake the feeling that i m drowning in responsibilities.' i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, struggling to keep my head above the tide. a thought from someone who is feeling sad 'tears stream down my face as i remember the happiness we once shared, feeling lost and alone in this moment.' my heart aches with the pain of memories long past, leaving me feeling cold and isolated
every waking moment is filled with dread and uncertainty. i can't help but fear the next disaster, the next setback, and the next disappointment. anxiety has a way of clouding my judgment, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm constantly second guessing myself and questioning my abilities, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. i'm haunted by intrusive thoughts that refuse to leave my mind, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, a never ending cycle that leaves me feeling exhausted and depleted. i yearn for the calm
dvt?? i pray not. i may end up going to my uc soon if this doesn't resolve. i'm 20 f. i had a 3hr 40 min test last week and the very next day my inner upper thigh started hurting. it hurts to walk and i couldn't raise my leg. 3 days later and the pain is still there though it may be a bit better. it feels like it spread a bit to my knee and the rest of my thigh. i'm paranoid that if it is a blood clot then it broke off and is moving around. reading all these stories of active women getting dvt and then pe is stressing me out. i haven't had any swelling or heat which is good. thanks for letting me vent.
they feel that something major and terrible is about to happen, but they have no idea what, or when. they cannot calm their mind or quiet their racing thoughts, and their body feels tense. inner monologue oh god, i can feel it. this is it. the final moment before the unraveling of my world. the tension in my chest, the racing heartbeat, the cold sweat, it s all building up, preparing me for...what? i have no idea. but i just know, i can feel it. the impending sense of doom, the feeling that something major and terrible is lurking around the corner. time seems to slow down as the seconds tick away, yet
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears. every little thing feels like a mountain to conquer, and i'm constantly second guessing myself. it's exhausting and overwhelming. i can't seem to escape this cycle of anxiety. i wish i could just press pause on life for a moment and collect my thoughts, but instead, i'm stuck in this endless loop of fear and doubt.
tss i ve used super absorbent tampons over the course of the last few days. i may have left one in a tick more than 8 hours yesterday and now i ve convinced myself that my hands are redder than usual and that i m going to die. no fever, chills, vomiting or diarrhea. some peeling on my feet pads of toes but that could ve been there for weeks because it s been a bit since i got a pedicure. my hands and feet do feel a teeny tiny bit tingly, but that very well could be because i m having a mini freak out. my understanding is that if i actually have tss i would know that something is up relatively quickly.
i know some of the rules aren't perfectly adhered to here but i feel like this would be an enjoyable prompt for a good writer, so i thought i'd toss it out there heavy footsteps echoed through the quiet house. every creak, every whisper of wind through cracks in the window frames amplified in her mind. she gripped the railing of the staircase, feeling the cool, rough surface through her palms. her heart raced, every thump seemed to pierce the silence, and it threatened to spill from her chest like a spring. she was standing at the top of the stairs, staring at the front door. she hadn't heard it, hadn
in the third person. the sun set hours ago, but the darkness of evening was only starting to seep through the thin curtains of maria's apartment window. her body, weakened by fear and fatigue, slumped over the worn out kitchen table. the once familiar room, now hostile, hummed with ominous silence. she pressed her temples with shaking hands, trying to quell the torrent of racing thoughts threatening to engulf her. maria, the mother of a five year old and an elderly parent, grappled with unyielding worry over her finances. staring down at a pile of unpaid bills, she couldn't escape the feeling that the
worried about lymph node but it also may just be a ingrown hair cyst i think its been there for awhile but i could be wrong, i just know i've fixated on it this past week. its located right above my right testicle, and it feels hard and doesn't move. its probably between 1 2cm and i can't tell if its a cyst as the hair there does look a little red by the root. ive now convinced myself i have cancer or hiv and feel awful. i did set up my physical for next week, but some aide to my anxiety in the the mean time would help. i've had fatigue lately but im always kinda fatigued due to my autoimmune disease.
remember to maintain a clear sense of the character's perspective, using both thoughts and feelings to create a nuanced inner world. character hearts pounding what if i can't do it? what if i fail? the weight of the world seems to press down upon my shoulders. my palms are clammy, and i can't catch my breath. the ticking clock feels like a time bomb, and i'm trapped in this room, staring at this blank canvas, as if waiting for inspiration to strike. i thought i was prepared for this. i thought i had what it takes, but now, standing before this challenge, i feel utterly inadequate. the stakes are high,
physical symptoms so my therapist gave me an idea and a bit of a tip. she told me when she was going through her anxiety and health anxiety she used to have pains and obsess over them like i do. well she told me she started working out so whenever her body was sore she tricked her brain into thinking it was from working out and it kinda was.. so it helped her well today my heart always just goes insane even laying in bed . i jumped up and started dancing as soon as i felt my heart go weird . i mean i figured i d give it something to go wild about in theory should work right ? it was funny non the less
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and i can't seem to quiet the constant stream of anxious thoughts in my mind.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the fear and worry that consumes me.' 'i'm caught in a cycle of endless worrying, and my mind refuses to let me find peace or calmness.' 'anxiety is a relentless storm in my mind, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.' 'fear and anxiety grip my heart, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the overwhelming sense of unease.' 'my thoughts race a million miles per hour, leaving
they realize that the source of fear is not necessarily based in their present reality but could be based on past trauma. inner dialogue breathing in deeply through my clenched jaw, i stare at the seemingly ordinary situation before me. the chorus of my anxiety echoes within my head, each note a shade louder, more piercing than the last. why can't i just accept this as it is, and move on? why does my mind insist on amplifying the insignificant into a towering monster, a nebulous shadow that consumes my peace? i cling to the edge of my thoughts, frantically searching for that moment, that trigger, that
an anxious thought a person might have is i'm behind on my bills and can't pay them all this month. what if i lose my apartment and have to live on the streets? i won't be able to find a job because i don't have a stable address. i'll be a failure and a burden to society. i can't handle this pressure, i might even commit suicide. this thought is a classic example of catastrophizing and creating an unrealistic worst case scenario. it's important to remember that such thoughts are often not based on fact and are instead a product of anxiety. it's crucial to challenge and reframe these thoughts in a more
they have thoughts racing through their head all at once, they're sweating, their heart is racing, and they feel the world is closing in on them. thought i can't take this anymore. my mind is a chaos of jumbled thoughts, my body is out of control, and the world is closing in around me. i feel so powerless and overwhelmed, like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and emotions. the anxiety is consuming me and i don't know how to make it stop. alternatively, if someone is experiencing a milder form of anxiety, their thoughts might still be racing but they may also be expressing self doubt or irrational fears
heart racing, mind racing, hands shaking, tears welling up in eyes, shallow breaths, inner thoughts whirling like a tornado. what if i've said the wrong thing? what if i've angered him even more? this small, innocuous comment, which i intended as harmless banter, has escalated to something far more serious than i had ever imagined. i can't turn back the hands of time and unsay those words. now, my heart is heavy with regret, and my mind is swirling with the potential consequences of my actions. my words, once spoken, cannot be taken back. they live on in the memories and hearts of others, shaping per
my mind is a constant storm of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. fear clutches at my heart, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and leaves me feeling powerless against the tide of my own racing thoughts. my mind is a whirlwind of doubts and fears, and every decision feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and paralyzed. anxiety is a relentless companion, a never ending cycle of worries and fears that leaves me feeling trapped in
i can't keep up. my mind is racing, my heart is pounding, and i can't focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. every little thing feels like a crisis. i wish i could just press the pause button on life for a moment, catch my breath, and regain some semblance of control. but even taking a deep breath feels like a mountain to climb right now. anxiety is a relentless beast that drags me down, leaving me exhausted and helpless. i long for the days when life felt simple, when each moment didn't require me to be on constant high alert. but for now, all i can do is keep pushing forward, trusting that
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears. every small decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the weight of uncertainty is almost unbearable. i'm constantly on edge, my heart racing at the slightest provocation. i'm scared to leave the house, afraid of what people might think or say about me. it's like my thoughts are a runaway train, and i can't seem to find a way to slow them down.
every minute feels like an hour, and each thought spirals into a million possibilities, leaving me paralyzed and trapped in my own mind. here's a personal thought for someone experiencing sadness tears stream down my face, as i cling to the memories of what once was, unable to shake the heavy weight of loss that lingers in my heart. here's a personal thought for someone experiencing anger my blood boils with fury, and i struggle to contain the white hot rage that consumes me, threatening to explode and unleash chaos upon the world around me. and here's a personal thought for someone experiencing fear
in the quiet recesses of my mind, a tempest brews. my heart races at a pace that mocks the peaceful cadence of a steady clock ticking in the distance. each pounding beat reverberates in my eardrums like an ominous countdown to an unknown fate. the once familiar chatter in the periphery fades, as my inner dialogue consumes me, drowning all sense of reason or normalcy within my awareness. what if i've made a terrible mistake? the questions, endless and relentless, torment me. they surge forth from the depths of my being like breakers on the shore of consciousness, crushing my fragile attempts to reason
inner voice frantically whispering breathe, in... and out. come on, keep it together. you've been through this before. but what if this time is different? what if something goes wrong? your heart races, your hands tremble, your mind swirls with thoughts of all the potential disasters. fearful thoughts what if the presentation doesn't go well? what if you make a fool of yourself in front of your colleagues and clients? what if your boss finds out about that mistake from last month? the phone rings, another demand on your time, but you can't focus. the fear consumes you, gripping your chest like a vice
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. my mind races with a thousand 'what ifs' and 'could haves'. the thought of facing another day fills me with dread. it's like my mind is on repeat, playing all the worst case scenarios over and over again. i can't seem to escape this vicious cycle of fear and uncertainty. sometimes, i just wish i could press pause on life and take a much needed break.
how to live in the moment and stop worrying by changing your relationship with anxiety hi! i recently found a book which really helped me change my relationship with my worries, being a chronic worrier for as long as i can think. i summarized it in an article that i published on my blog today, hoping that others can find value from the experiences i made. you can find the article here https consistentme.com stop worrying https consistentme.com stop worrying i would be very happy to receive feedback as well, so that i can learn better how to share valuable information with others. have a great sunday!
in the dimly lit recesses of her own mind, jane pondered the ticking clocks, their monotonous rhythm a persistent, nagging reminder of the ever looming deadline. her chest constricted with the pressure of a thousand expectations, the air inside her chest feeling increasingly thin. with trembling hands, she scanned the document laid out before her, her mind frantically darting between the words, paragraphs, and lines. an error, here and there. a typo, an inconsistency. she reached for her pen, determination etched into her jawline. a voice crept into the recesses of her consciousness, a voice she knew
in the labyrinth of anxiety, my thoughts intertwine and tangle, spiraling upwards into an endless maze. fear grips my heart with the strength of a vice, smothering every breath i take. each flicker of awareness propels me deeper into the fortress of uncertainty, where every shadow harbors a menacing threat. in this tumultuous sea of emotions, i find solace in the knowledge that i am not alone, and yet, my own thoughts imprison me, drowning in their unceasing torrent. yet, in the depths of despair, i search for that elusive thread of reason, the beacon of hope that will pierce through the darkness and
in this dialogue, they should describe the feelings that are overwhelming them, the thoughts racing through their mind, and how those feelings are affecting their actions and thoughts. inner dialogue my heart is pounding, faster and harder with every passing second. my breaths come in short, jagged bursts, as if i've just run a marathon. sweat beads on my forehead, stinging my eyes, blurring my vision. my mind races, an unending tide of thoughts and worries crashing against my consciousness. i can't do this. i'm not strong enough. why did i even try? my nerves fray at the edges, frayed ends snapping,
use sensory descriptions and vivid imagery. title drowning in sorrow the heaviness of despair settled upon me like a wet, stifling blanket, choking the very air from my lungs. a relentless storm hammered at my consciousness, leaving the remnants of happiness and tranquility shattered and torn asunder. the thunderous clamor of my turbulent emotions reverberated in my skull, drowning out the symphony of the world that i once knew so intimately. my heart, a fragile orchestra within the darkened cavern of my chest, hammered in time with the rhythmic cadence of the storm outside. each throbbing beat reson
will ssris help me? anxious about sleep hello! i had a really bad insomnia last february which made me sleep every other day for a week. my sleep has been okay since my family doctor presrcibed me hydroxyzine 10mg for sleep. although i've been sleeping well, i now have this feat surrounding sleep. everyday all i think about is sleep, which makes me anxious and unproductive all day. it made me lose interest on the things i used to enjoy. even before the insomnia, i was really anxious about many things, especially my health. do you guys think ssris will help me? or i should go with therapy? thank you!
heart racing, mind racing, breathing shallow. fingers trembling on the edge of the old rotary phone. eye contact with the dialed number feels like a weight that can't be lifted. a knot twists in his stomach as he waits. each ring from the other end seems to drag on for an eternity. the fear and anxiety growing with each vibration. he finally hears a voice, faint, distant it's her. they begin to exchange pleasantries, a forced facade of normalcy, like actors reading lines off a script. the fear is a choking sensation in his throat, threatening to rise and take control. but he manages to hold it back,
i'm trapped in a dark, swirling storm cloud within my own mind. the thoughts raging through me drown out all sense of calm and reason. i'm helpless against their force, a mere passenger on the runaway train of my anxiety. my chest constricts as every worry and fear clings to me, heavier with each passing second. i'm suffocated by the weight, feeling the thin walls of my mental fortress crumbling around me. all i can do is cling to the edges, desperate to hold on and fight my way back to the shore. but sometimes the sea feels too endless and my strength, too frail. will i ever find my way back? or am
heart races, breaths shallow. my mind is a stormy sea, tossed and turned by every anxious thought. the world is a fuzzy blur around the edges, everything muffled, dulled by the weight of the growing panic. i feel a suffocating pressure in my chest, threatening to crush me. each second ticks away unbearably slowly, each heartbeat an ominous drumbeat that announces the encroaching nightmare. the present is a vicious cycle of hyper awareness and avoidance of seeking out potential dangers while retreating from them in equal measure. in my head, i hear a constant stream of unchecked, racing thoughts what
the sun sets lazily upon the shores of the lake, shimmering gold on the surface as it sinks towards the horizon. a gentle breeze caresses the still, quiet waters, sending ripples along their surface. my heart races within my chest, hammering against my ribs as my thoughts begin to spiral out of control. the peace of this momentary stillness is shattered by the tumultuous chaos within me. how can i be expected to exist, to continue being, in this overwhelming, unbearable world? my mind reels as thoughts flit about, jostling for attention, each one more frightening than the last. i m trapped, ensnared
in the inner dialogue, make it clear the reasons why someone might experience stress, but also show that even when the stress comes from understandable fears, one can learn coping skills and ways to address it. inner monologue i can't breathe. this lump in my throat is growing bigger by the second. my heart races as if it's trying to break free from my chest. the sweat beads on my forehead, as if mocking me with its relentless persistence. why can't i seem to control this? this sense of dread that has ensnared me. i thought i could handle it all. my job, my responsibilities, my family. but now, they
i'm consumed by a constant storm of worries and fears, making it difficult to focus on anything else but the next potential disaster. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, unable to calm my racing mind and find peace in the present moment. my mind is a never ending cycle of worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in a sea of uncertainty. anxiety claws at me from the inside, stealing my focus and leaving me feeling exhausted, helpless, and uncertain of my own abilities. fear grips me like a vice, paralyzing me with doubt and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks
every time i try to fall asleep, my mind is filled with a endless loop of worries and fears, making peace seem unreachable. my anxiety feels like a heavy fog that obscures my thoughts and emotions, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of my anxiety is a constant companion, a heavy burden that drags me down and leaves me feeling helpless and alone. my heart pounds in my chest, my breaths shallow and uneven, as i struggle to find a way to quiet the storm of thoughts racing through my mind. anxiety grips me like a vice, tightening its hold with every passing moment, leaving me
every time i encounter a new situation, my mind spirals into a vortex of worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling paralyzed and helpless. i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next panic attack to hit, unsure of how to function in a world that feels overwhelming and uncertain. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me questioning my every decision, even the most trivial ones. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything else but the fear that consumes me. my thoughts race a mile a minute, leaving me feeling trapped in my own
my mind is a never ending storm of worry and doubt, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'the constant churning of thoughts in my head leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus or find peace.' 'anxiety weighs heavy on my shoulders, dragging me down and making me question every decision, every move.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling consumed by fear and uncertainty, unable to escape the cycle.' 'my heart races and my mind races, a never ending loop of worry and fear that leaves me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'anxiety grips me tightly, a constant
i'll write a response, and then another person can add to it in the next turn. thought why can't i just be normal? i can't seem to do the simplest things without messing them up, and everyone around me seems to have it together. i'm constantly worried about what other people think of me, and it's consuming my every waking moment. how can i ever be happy or successful if i can't even get the basics right? response it's important to remember that everyone has their own unique struggles and challenges, and comparing ourselves to others can be a trap. perfection is an unattainable goal, and we all make
every breath feels like a struggle, every heartbeat an announcement of my own weakness. the future looms as a dark, menacing entity that threatens to consume me whole, and every mistake, every misstep, every missed opportunity, adds another log to its fiery, engulfing maw. my mind races with worst case scenarios, each one a nightmare that leaves me quivering with fear. yet, amidst this turmoil, there is a tiny, insistent voice that whispers, 'you are stronger than this. you've weathered storms before, and you will again.' i hold on to that voice, clutching it like a life raft, but the anxiety roars
i m a dummy dumb i took my anxiety med today late cause i keep forgetting. they switched me to one that i have to take in the am so i get up and rush to work and forget. well i get home and do a few things and i can t remember if one of those things was me taking the pill. i m like 90 sure i didn t so i took my chances and took one cause i get extremely irritable if i miss more than one dose.. i feel fine so far i think i m okay. if i start to feel funny later i ll know why. like i said i m pretty freakin sure i didn t double dose but i m also like 10 like.. hmmm. anyways.. that was a stupid story.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. my thoughts spiral out of control, like a runaway train, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming tide of fear and uncertainty. every breath i take feels like a struggle, as if my body is fighting against me, and the weight of my anxiety presses down on me like a heavy burden. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind races, and
can't stop worrying of the flu pneumonia? every time i wake up in the middle of the night, it feels like i'm in a nightmare where a world exists that little kids and children are randomly dying of the flu. it breaks me heart and of course since i have this bad sore throat and coughs i'm convinced i have pneumonia now. does anyone else have this problem of taking what other people have and making it yours? it'd just scare to think since everyone gets the flu so it'd not like it's rare or anything, that's the scariest part. anyway i'm going to try to close my eyes and pretend i'm in a different place
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. every breath i take feels labored, as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. the constant knot in my stomach and the never ending stream of intrusive thoughts leave me feeling exhausted and helpless. anxiety has a grip on me, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling paralyzed with fear. the pressure inside me builds with every passing moment, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, leaving me feeling trapped and alone. i'm
use sensory and emotional language to evoke a feeling of tension and anxiety. in the inky depths of the early morning, the first rays of the sun barely pierced the dense curtains of my bedroom window, casting the room in a somber half light. my heart raced like a wild stallion within the confines of my chest, each beat reverberating in my ears as a harsh, unrelenting drumroll. my breathing was uneven, shallow and erratic. the slightest sensation of air moving in and out of my lungs seemed to send tremors of dread coursing through my body. my fingers traced the frayed edge of the threadbare blanket,
why do i have to feel this way? i can t control my thoughts. it s not fair. this feeling is consuming me and i can t escape it. i wish i could just turn it off. i want to live a normal life without constantly worrying about every little thing. now create a brief response to help calm and reassure this person. it s completely normal to feel anxious from time to time, and it s okay to not have all the answers right now. anxiety is just your mind s way of protecting you, but it can be overwhelming. remember, it s okay to ask for help and take small steps towards managing your anxiety. you re not alone
inner dialogue breath in... hold... and out. god, this feels never ending. the clock on the wall seems to tick at a glacial pace. another day filled with endless demands and responsibilities, it's almost too much to bear. my heart beats wildly against my chest, threatening to burst forth at any moment. the thoughts race through my mind like a relentless river, refusing to be still. why can't i keep up? why do i always feel so behind? the expectations weigh upon me like a mountain, crumbling my spirit. am i strong enough to meet these demands? my shoulders ache as if carrying the weight of the world
placebo effect i take vitafusion womens multivitamins and i notice increased energy. however it has things like 300 dv of b 12 which sounds like overkill. i eat very healthy and try to eat a balanced diet, but i notice that when i stop taking the vitamins for more than two days i start to feel tired. maybe its other factors that are causing that tired feeling. i know that you pee out excess vitamins, but ive read that vitamins arent really necessary if you eat well. i was thinking of only taking it on days that i felt like i wasnt eating a balanced diet and was lacking in certain areas. any advice?
as my heart races and my mind spirals, it seems impossible to find a way out of this vicious cycle. the thoughts crowd in, each one more terrifying than the last. my breaths grow shallow and ragged, as the weight of fear and uncertainty threatens to crush me. the world around me fades into nothingness, leaving me alone in a maze of anxiety and self doubt. i can't escape this prison of my own making, trapped by the very thoughts that haunt me. and yet, i cling to the hope that somewhere, somehow, there is a way out. a light at the end of the tunnel, a glimmer of hope that i can overcome this torrent
silent thoughts churning as i cling to the shattered remnants of my composure breathe. the rhythm of your breath falters, becoming shallow and irregular as you struggle to maintain focus on your inhalations and exhalations. my heart beats wildly against my ribs like a frantic horse trying to break free from its confines. a tidal wave of fear crashes over me, engulfing every ounce of logic and reason. each passing moment stretches on endlessly, drawing out the suspense of an impending crisis that threatens to swallow me whole. the familiar, comforting sensations of familiar surroundings are suddenly
my mind is a constant storm of worst case scenarios, and the smallest trigger can send me spiraling into a paralyzing fear. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, and the world seems to close in around me, leaving me trapped in a cycle of anxiety and uncertainty. fears and doubts crowd my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by my own worries. my mind races with intrusive thoughts, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the fear that grips me, leaving me feeling helpless and isolated. anxiety claws at me from within, making even the simplest tasks seem insur
how would cognitive behavioral therapy help the person in handling the anxiety? anxious thought i'm going to miss my train, and if i do, i'll be late for the important job interview. i'll lose the opportunity, and they'll hire someone else instead. cognitive behavioral therapy cbt can help the person handle this anxiety by teaching them various techniques to challenge and change their thought patterns. here's a possible way the therapy might unfold 1. identifying the thought the therapist helps the person recognize that this is a distressing thought, and it's contributing to their anxiety. 2. exam
describe how their breath moves, what their thoughts race through their mind, how their muscles tense up, and how their mind copes with their emotions to manage it. inner dialogue breath hitching, shallow and rapid, it pulls me from the depths of my thoughts, snapping me back to reality. my heart races, pulsing against my ribcage like a trapped bird longing for release. my shoulders tighten, encasing my ears with a vice, the softest whispers of my panic echoing within. the air tastes heavy, cloying at my tongue, threatening to asphyxiate. breathe, stupid, i urge myself, struggling to focus through
inside my head, the whirlwind of thoughts grew louder and faster, the very foundation of my peaceful world cracking and crumbling, each tiny fragment of tranquility shattering before me. time seemed to slow and distort around me as the burdens of reality converged upon my shoulders, leaving an inexplicable ache in their wake. my heart thumped, pounding incessantly against the fragile walls of my chest, a primal symphony that echoed through the very fibers of my being. with each beat, a new wave of fear swept over me, surging through my veins and enveloping my thoughts, stealing my words. my mouth,
the thought might not be coherent or rational, and it may include irrational or contradictory elements. as i sit here in the dimly lit room, my heart pounds in my chest like a wild beast, my breath shallow and uneven. my mind races, spinning out of control with a thousand thoughts and fears, all jostling for space in my already cramped brain. i can't focus on anything, not on the book i'm supposed to be reading for class, not on the to do list that stretches out endlessly before me. instead, i'm consumed by a fog of anxiety, a suffocating cloud that threatens to engulf me completely. i tell myself
can looking at screens too much permanently damage your eyesight? i know this seems ironic since i'm looking at a screen while typing this, but i've been concerned for a while that staring at my computer and phone screen too much could be permanently damaging my eyesight. i don't notice any changes as far as being able to read words from far away or my vision being blurry, but i do notice that i now see auras and halos around lights, such as headlights, when i'm driving, and i'm not sure if that's normal . is there any evidence that looking at screens too much can permanently damage your eyesight?
the world feels like a spinning top, threatening to send me into an endless abyss. each breath i take is a struggle, my heart races in my chest, and every nerve ending tingles with fear. my mind whirls with a cacophony of thoughts and worries, and i can't escape the feeling of being trapped in my own mind. the weight of the world bears down on me, and i can't bear the thought of facing another moment. anxiety can be an overwhelming and debilitating experience. it can make even the simplest of tasks feel insurmountable, and leave us feeling isolated and powerless. but remember, you're not alone. an
they are seeking comfort in nature to help calm their mind and ease their anxiety. thought the weight of the world presses down upon me, each worry and fear piling higher like a mountain i cannot conquer. my breath comes in shallow gasps, each one a reminder of the urgency within me. i yearn for escape, for respite from this mental turmoil. the quiet whispers of the wind call to me, inviting me to leave behind the cacophony of chaos. i step away from the confines of my thoughts, into the open arms of nature. i inhale the scent of blooming flowers, the earth beneath my feet grounding me, rooting me
insomnia anxiety amp stress right so for a few weeks everytime i try going sleep my heart is pounding due to anxiety and then as i'm falling asleep i'm gasping for breath and anxious sensation kicks in and also getting hyponic jerks at the same time. can anyone relate basically as i'm falling asleep some anxiety anxious sensation kicks in and i gasp for a breath with a hyponic jerk. my anxiety and stress is bad. it all started in january due to health anxiety and over time it's gotten worse and now it's moved on to sleep anxiety aswell. so i'm getting anxiety because i'm wondering how to go sleep.
describe the sensations and thoughts with as much sensory and emotional detail as possible. in the stillness of the early morning, the sun had not yet risen, its golden fingers had not yet caressed the edges of the world, waking up the slumbering earth from its nocturnal embrace. but the world of my thoughts was far from still. my heart pounded, the primal rhythm echoing through my body like the relentless drumbeats of a primal war dance, a deep, ominous vibration resonating within me. my breath caught in my throat, the cool air entering my lungs in uneven, short gulps, as if my body were clinging
in the stillness of the early morning, a thin thread of sunlight weaved its way through the tightly shuttered windows, its feeble rays struggling to warm the frozen depths of my soul. i clung to the frayed ends of that thread, desperately seeking solace and salvation from its gentle, healing touch. yet, amidst the muffled chaos swirling within me, there remained an empty chasm of fear and trepidation, an unyielding abyss of despair that threatened to devour me whole. i was an outcast of life, a wandering soul adrift in the vast, infinite sea of my thoughts, my mind a tempestuous, tumultuous maelst
in the tumultuous sea of my mind, thoughts crash against one another, each wave more treacherous than the last. the tempest within me threatens to pull me under, a vortex of worry and fear. i struggle to tread water, gasping for breath amidst the cacophony. i long for the calm, still waters that lie beyond this tempest, but the gale of anxiety seems unyielding. my heart races and my hands tremble. the storm inside rages on, leaving me feeling powerless against its tide. in the face of such overwhelming emotion, i can only cling to the hope that somehow, somewhere, the storm will pass. but for now,
in the dark recesses of her mind, the gnawing fear lurked, growing ever larger with each passing moment. it gripped her heart, squeezing the very life out of her as it threatened to engulf her completely. she clutched her chest, feeling the familiar sting of panic begin to crept in. how could this be happening to her? her heart raced, pounding a wild tattoo in her ribs as she tried to focus on the task at hand. but no matter how hard she tried, her thoughts refused to cooperate. instead, they turned to worse case scenarios disasters waiting to unfold, catastrophes that would shatter her world into
use proper grammar, sentence structure, and spelling. in the stillness of the dimly lit room, i couldn't escape the incessant churning of my thoughts. my heart raced in time with the pulsating beats of my brain, as if the very fabric of my being was caught in an endless vortex of worry. the ticking of the clock only seemed to amplify the weight of my anxiety, each second stretching out into an eternal expanse of uncertainty. i stared at the phone, a sleek, metallic obelisk that held the potential to bring me both solace and devastation. my fingers hovered above the keys, the weight of my decisions
remember, this is only an example and does not represent any particular individual's thoughts or feelings. heart races. mind reels. breath shallows. i m standing still, but it s as if i m on the edge of a cliff. each passing moment magnifies the weight on my shoulders. the clock, in its relentless ticking, seems to mock my attempts at calm. every thought that darts across my consciousness compels me to panic. a million possible calamities play like a chaotic montage behind my closed eyelids. a car accident i narrowly avoided. the sting of bitter rejections in my career. the agony of personal loss
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, each one amplifying the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the fear and uncertainty. anxiety grips me, tightening its hold with every passing moment, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my thoughts race like a runaway train, each one adding to the growing sense of panic and dread, leaving me feeling consumed by fear. fear and worry gnaw at me relentlessly, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to escape the cycle of
every breath feels labored, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. my thoughts are a chaotic storm, and i can t seem to find a way out of the swirling anxiety that grips me with every passing moment. the world around me seems to blur as my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm left feeling powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a jumbled mess, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming fear and uncertainty. my mind races with worry, and my body
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of fear and doubt, questioning every decision and second guessing every move.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, my mind a maze of anxious thoughts, each one building upon the last, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear.' 'my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a freight train barreling through my mind, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed, unable to escape the grip of my anxiety.' 'i'm held captive by the relentless churn of my thoughts, each one fueling the next, leaving me feeling trapped and suffoc
they need to open a package, but they're fearful it might contain something harmful. they also have a fear of small enclosed spaces like mailboxes or suitcases. inner monologue oh god, the package. it's sitting there on the kitchen counter, unopened, taunting me. my heart races as i consider the possibilities of what might be lurking inside. i've seen enough horror movies and read enough crime novels to have a very active and overactive imagination. every creak in the house makes me jump. what if it's a bomb? what if it's a venomous snake coiled up, waiting for me to disturb it? these thoughts sw
can looking at screens too much permanently damage your eyesight? i know this seems ironic since i'm looking at a screen while typing this, but i've been concerned for a while that staring at my computer and phone screen too much could be permanently damaging my eyesight. i don't notice any changes as far as being able to read words from far away or my vision being blurry, but i do notice that i now see auras and halos around lights, such as headlights, when i'm driving, and i'm not sure if that's normal. is there any evidence that looking at screens too much can permanently damage your eyesight?
it's an unpleasant, uncomfortable, and often overwhelming mental experience that plagues many individuals throughout their lives. here's a possible inner monologue of an anxious person in distress my heart is racing. i can't catch my breath. my mind is spinning out of control. everything is too loud, too bright, too fast. i can't concentrate. i can't focus. there's a thick fog settling over my thoughts, clouding my judgment, and obscuring my vision. what if i make a mistake? what if i fail? i can't let that happen. i can't afford to make a mistake. the weight of expectations bears down upon me, a
how can you overcome health anxiety? hi, i 21f grew up with a few chronic illnesses type 1 diabetes, hypothyroidism, and scoliosis . i've been a hypochondriac my entire life. from potential diabetes complications floaters that emerged last year have caused me to think i'm going blind every day, despite appointments with 3 different eye doctors who all said that i was fine to thinking i have hiv i don't to lymes disease, i always freak myself out. especially about my eyes. it's hard to go on in my day to day life and my therapist doesn't help much. amp x200b so how can one overcome health anxiety?
how does this fear manifest physically? mentally? inner dialogue my heart beats erratically in my chest, thumping against my ribs as the fear creeps in. my mind races, whirling with thoughts and worries like a tornado, leaving me breathless and disoriented. i grip the steering wheel tighter, every bead of sweat on my palms slick and unwelcome. fear claws at my stomach, curling into a knot and pressing with all its might against the delicate walls, leaving me nauseous and hollow. my muscles tense, my shoulders rolling up to my ears in a defensive pose, readying for an attack. my breath hitches in
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, and i'm struggling to find a sense of calm amidst the overwhelming thoughts that race through it. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the constant cycle of worry and fear that grips my mind. my anxiety feels like a heavy fog, obscuring my ability to think clearly and function effectively in my daily life. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, and the waves of anxiety crash over me, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a thousand fears, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to move forward.
inner dialogue my heart races as i check the clock for the tenth time today. the numbers flicker and change, inching ever closer to the deadline. my palms sweat and my mind reels with thoughts of failure. what if i can t do this? what if i m not good enough? these self doubts have plagued me for days, gnawing at the edges of my confidence and growing stronger with each passing moment. my breath shallow, i try to focus, but my thoughts keep drifting back to the looming deadline. the weight of expectations hangs heavy around my shoulders, pressing down on me with the force of a thousand mountains.
i wake up each morning with the heavy burden of anxiety pressing on my chest, a reminder that today i'll be faced with a world that feels both chaotic and dangerous. each breath drawn in feels heavy with the weight of potential danger, and each breath exhaled releases a sigh of fear, as if holding my breath might somehow grant me control over the uncontrollable. yet even as my heart races in my chest, a part of me clings to the faint hope that today, just maybe, i'll find the courage to face my fears, to embrace the uncertainty, and to find strength within the very thing that scares me the most.
inner monologue i can't believe this is happening again. my heart races as i check the clock, each passing second feeling heavier than the last. the knot in my stomach tightens as the reality sinks in i'm late. late for the most important appointment of my life. i've prepared for weeks, yet somehow, i've found myself stuck in traffic, mere minutes away from missing it. my mind races with excuses a flat tire, an accident, anything that could explain my tardiness and salvage my reputation. but deep down, i know the truth. i underestimated the time it would take to get here, and now, i'm paying the
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. anxiety grips me with an iron fist, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed. fear claws at my heart, my mind consumed by a constant stream of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind racing with a million fears and doubts, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in
my mind is a storm of constant worry, and every decision feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and uncertain. i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing like a wildfire, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. anxiety grips me like a vice, each worry twisting and turning, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to move forward. every breath i take feels like a struggle, as my mind races with a million thoughts, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and trapped. i'm held captive by my thoughts, each one a sharp knife, slicing away at my peace, leaving me
include the five senses sight, sound, touch, taste, smell . sight the cluttered room overwhelms me, papers and piles stacked high, each unresolved task a glaring reminder of my failing ability to keep up. sound the steady beep beep beep of my alarm clock is a merciless alarm call to another day of endless responsibilities, each one potentially an opportunity for disaster. touch my heart races within my chest, each rapid beat reminding me of the physical consequences of fear, the weight of my anxiety palpable in every muscle and nerve. taste the acrid tang of fear settles in the pit of my stomach
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, as if i'm constantly teetering on the edge of a precipice, unable to catch my balance.' 'the weight of my thoughts presses down on me like an unyielding fog, clouding my judgment and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'my mind races with a torrent of unhelpful thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped, unable to focus on anything but the relentless churning in my head.' 'my anxiety leaves me feeling like a leaf caught in a hurricane, tossed and tumbled by the unrelenting gusts of fear and uncertainty, with no control over my own
inner voice oh no, not again. my heart is racing, palms sweating, and mind spinning. my thoughts keep looping around in a fearful tangled web. the air around me feels heavy and thick, like i'm breathing in slow motion. each inhale and exhale feels labored, like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. my mind is a pendulum swinging back and forth between worst case scenarios. my imagination paints vivid pictures of what could go wrong. what if the phone call is bad news? what if the email is accusatory? what if they never call back? my body tenses as if preparing for impact, bracing
make it as vivid and compelling as possible. in the still of the early morning, as the first blush of dawn crept over the treeline, she found herself sitting rigidly on the worn, tattered edge of her bed, heart hammering like a drum in the quietest of temples, a chilling, oppressive silence pervading her being like a thick cloak, swallowing every sound, every breath. the room, dimly illuminated by the pale hues of dawn, stretched before her like an ocean, a vast expanse she now found herself lost and helpless within. mired in the depths of her tormented mind, thoughts tumbled and collided like b
this dialogue should reveal the reasons why he or she feels afraid, as well as his or her thoughts and strategies for coping. inner dialogue why does my heart race like this? i can't believe it's happening again. the deadline for this project is fast approaching, and i'm not even close to finishing. the words on the blank page seem to taunt me, daring me to fill them with meaning and coherence. but my mind remains a blank canvas, a void of creativity and inspiration. the clock in the corner ticks relentlessly, mocking my stagnant progress. this isn't just a case of procrastination, this is paral
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like carrying an unbearable weight on my shoulders. every day tasks seem insurmountable, and my mind races with worst case scenarios. i'm constantly on edge, always anticipating the next disaster. i'm exhausted from the internal struggle, but still, i can't seem to find peace. it's a relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty that leaves me feeling trapped in my own mind.
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, constantly replaying past mistakes and worrying about future uncertainties.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped.' 'i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that play out in my mind.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my breath comes in shallow gasps as i struggle to keep my anxiety from spiraling out of control.' 'every muscle in my body tenses up as i grapple with the overwhelming weight of my anxiety, feeling like i
my mind is a storm of endless worries, each thought amplifying the fear and uncertainty that keeps me up at night. another example anxiety grips my heart, its tightening hold making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything other than the relentless churning of my thoughts. a third example fear clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and focus, as i try to make sense of the racing thoughts and feelings that leave me feeling powerless and consumed by worry. fourth example my heart races, my mind races, and my thoughts swirl in a chaotic storm of worry and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and
in the darkness of the empty room, i sat, heart pounding in my chest, breaths shallow and quick. my mind raced with thoughts, a constant stream of anxiety that threatened to drown me. i clenched my fists, fighting to keep control of my body, as the feeling of impending doom grew stronger. what if i'm not good enough? what if i fail, and everyone i love is disappointed in me? what if i can't handle this situation, and it all falls apart because of me? my thoughts spiraled out of control, my fear of failure consuming me. i closed my eyes, trying to calm my racing mind, but the questions continued
bowel or colon cancer? i am scared to death i have bowel or colon cancer i am 23 with a form of lynch syndrome i've been constipated for 3 weeks sometimes it will come out as hard pellets and sometimes it will be completely mushy i have noticed little black specks in the stool as well no real bright red blood no abdominal pain unless i eat then i get a bloated feeling sometimes i have to strain everytime i poop whether its soft or hard poop and i'm scared to death i have a colonoscopy scheduled in a couple weeks even though the gi didnt think i needed it but they say that alot because of my age
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is racing with thoughts, and i can't seem to escape the fear that grips me whenever i leave the house. every little thing feels like a potential disaster, and i can't help but replay worst case scenarios in my head. it's exhausting and overwhelming. i just want to find some peace and calm, but it feels like anxiety has taken control of my life.
they've received a lot of rejection lately and it's taking a toll on them. they want to push forward, but the weight of it all is becoming too heavy. thought i used to believe in my abilities, my potential. now all i see is a long line of rejections, failures, and missed opportunities. every time i put myself out there, i'm met with a brutal dose of reality. the disappointment is a constant companion, a heavy weight on my shoulders that threatens to crush me. i can't keep going like this, but i don't know how to turn things around. it feels like i'm drowning in a sea of negativity, and the fear
every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the weight of potential consequences leaves me paralyzed with fear. my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable due to the constant anxious chatter. anxiety has me trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and self doubt, making even the smallest of choices feel like a daunting challenge. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to escape the relentless tide of fear and uncertainty. fear grips my heart and mind, making even the most mundane tasks feel
the thoughts and emotions should revolve around the theme 'am i enough' or the sense that they are being judged. inner dialogue i can t focus. the deadlines keep looming, each one a mountain that threatens to crush me beneath its weight. my heart races as i calculate the days left, the work undone, the energy required to finish everything on time. i pause, taking a shallow breath as my thoughts whirl around me. am i enough? i scan my resume, reading the qualifications, degrees, and accomplishments listed. i know i m capable, i ve proved it before. but now, amidst the fear and stress, i start to
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to shake the feeling that something terrible is about to happen, even when there's no logical reason for it. every breath feels like a struggle, my chest tight, and my mind filled with a million fears, making it hard to focus on anything but the anxiety gnawing at me. my thoughts race faster than my heart, each worry building upon the next, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless to stop the tidal wave of anxiety. anxiety leaves me
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible to focus on the present moment or find peace.' 'every breath feels labored as my anxiety tightens its grip on me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'i'm consumed by a constant stream of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape the cycle of anxiety.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, suffocating my thoughts and leaving me feeling helpless and unable to move forward.' 'my thoughts race like a freight train, and i'm stuck on the platform, unable to catch a moment's peace.' 'the weight of my anxiety
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear. every little thing seems to trigger anxiety within me. i can't shake the feeling that something bad is just around the corner, and i'm powerless to stop it. i'm constantly on edge, always bracing myself for the worst. it's exhausting and overwhelming, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
they are at home, alone, feeling very overwhelmed and fearful of various things. they may mention physical symptoms, like a racing heart or a knot in their stomach, and they might worry about their own wellbeing or that of their loved ones. they might feel hopeless and despairing, or they might try to logic themselves out of their fears, but ultimately the anxiety remains. inner monologue oh god, oh god, i can't do this. my heart is pounding so hard, it feels like it's going to burst right out of my chest. my stomach is in knots, i can't even keep food down. how long can i keep going like this?
keep in mind that their thoughts should appear fragmented and disjointed, moving from one topic to another without a clear connection. additionally, their thoughts should be laden with uncertainty and self doubt. anxious person gulps in deep breath, heart pounding in chest oh god, what if i mess up? what if i can't do it this time? i've studied for this test, but what if i still fail? maybe i'm just not good enough. why can't i focus? i should be able to concentrate, but i'm thinking about everything else. what if something terrible happens to my family? what if there's an accident? my boss was
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and my heart races with every breath i take. i'm constantly on edge, fearful of the judgment and criticism i assume is lurking around every corner. the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, and even the thought of leaving the house leaves me paralyzed with fear. anxiety has become my constant companion, a relentless storm cloud that follows me everywhere i go.
drowning in a sea of worry, the gentle ebb and flow of life becoming a stormy, unrelenting chaos. the waves crash in with every stressor responsibilities, obligations, expectations, a fear of letting people down, a fear of making mistakes, a fear of failure, a fear of success. each crest threatens to swamp me, to swallow me whole, to leave me gasping for air. my heart races as the panic rises. every muscle tenses as i grip onto a mental life ring, my hands slipping as my thoughts race through my mind, faster and faster like a current dragging me under. how did it all get to be this way? i am d
it could be someone trying to balance a career, school, and personal life, someone with anxiety disorders, someone being stalked or harassed, or a soldier on the battlefield. inner monologue breathing in, i feel the weight of the world on my shoulders. another day, another dollar. but the mountain of responsibilities keeps growing, threatening to crush me. the clock in the corner blinks 5 30 am. the alarm jolts me awake. i've set the timer for fifteen minutes, but my body refuses to cooperate. i drag myself out of bed, the inertia of sleep pulling me back in. the morning rituals go through the
deep, labored breaths. heart racing. fingers tapping unevenly against the worn kitchen table. eyes darting from one clock to the next, the seconds stretching out, mocking me. time seems to have slowed down. the constant ticking, the endless seconds stretching, i'm losing my grip. why is this happening? why does it always feel like the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and yet when i try to lift it, my muscles tremble and my bones crumble to dust? why now? the grocery store trip, the appointment with the doctor, the email response that needs sending all these inconsequential tasks, and
night sweats for 2 years to keep it short, i have ptsd, agoraphobia, depression and anxiety specially health anxiety . i started a new round of antidepressants 2 years and i got really bad night sweats. i figured it was because of of the meds but they didn t work for me and i stopped about 6 months later but the night sweats never went away... my partner complains that my body gets really hot at night and i wake up drenched in sweat a couple times a week. someone said yesterday that might be a symptom of something really bad and im freaking out, its driving me crazy. should i run to my doctor?
fiction . the sun set long ago, the shadows crept through the alleyways of the city, engulfing every empty street with darkness. the wind howled, sending shivers down spines. every crack and snap of a branch was amplified in the quietude, and every flicker of distant lights could have just as easily been a predator stalking its next prey. he stood in this forsaken corner, his shoulders hunching into himself as the last dredges of the dying day clung onto his very existence like the tendrils of ivy, sapping the life from him. within the depths of his being, his heart raced like a stampeding her
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts. the weight of my worries presses down on me like an unrelenting burden, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape their grasp. every breath i take feels labored and shallow, as if i'm constantly fighting to draw in enough air to fuel my racing thoughts and fears. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worrying and rumination,
heart races, mind spirals as he looks down at the stack of documents on his desk. deadline looms, the weight of responsibility pressing down on his shoulders. he inhales deeply, and the scent of stale coffee from his half drunk mug reaches his nose, mingling with the acrid tang of panic. every mistake, every missed deadline, every word of criticism from his superiors echoes in his mind, amplifying the sense of dread. it's 3 am and the thought of starting from scratch, of redoing all the work, fills him with a paralyzing terror. he glances at the clock, feeling the inexorable march of time mock
red bump on perinium between scrotum and anus. nsfw i've had this sole, red bump on my perineum between anus and scrotum for at least a year or two now. it is less than half a centimeter wide. it is elevated and has loose, red skin hanging off it that can be flapped around. it was always painless, and i thought it was a skin tag, but it has recently begun to hurt slightly. it has never changed size as far as i can tell. i am 30 years old and male. i am not sexually active, and haven't had intercourse in 5 years. here are pictures nsfw https i.imgur.com m8zxyc2.jpg https i.imgur.com qpuixqp.jpg
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. each moment is filled with uncertainty and fear. every step i take outside feels like a challenge, my heart races and my mind is consumed by thoughts that haunt me. i can't escape the feeling that i'm being judged, that people are watching and waiting to criticize me. it's exhausting and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
this is a brief attempt to write from the point of view of an anxious character, capturing their thoughts, emotions, and fears. the clock on the kitchen wall flickered, taunting me. five past seven, the latest start time of my day, yet i was far from ready. the night before lingered in the crevices of my mind, as it always did, leaving me with the bitter taste of unfinished business. inhaling the crisp morning air from my bedroom window, my lungs seized with dread, choking the life out of my resolve. each tick of the clock echoed the ticking of a time bomb, ready to detonate at any moment. you
how might they challenge that thought to become more resilient and less anxious? example of an anxious thought what if i can't finish this project on time and my boss is disappointed in me? challenging the anxious thought 1. identify the emotion i'm feeling anxious because of the thought that i won't be able to finish the project on time and disappoint my boss. 2. is it really true? ask yourself if the thought is based on facts or assumptions. is it probable that you really can't finish the project on time? if yes, then consider what you can do to complete it or modify your deadline. 3. what's
suffering hey all. just reaching out to those who are more knowledgeable then me about this topic. i am 21 and healthy i workout 5 times a week and i am suffering from terrible anxiety at night. not really the over thinking and worrying but more so physically. i have chest pain at night and cannot get to sleep most nights. i have trouble winding down to fall asleep. i am making this post because right now i am shaking uncontrollably and i do not feel myself. like the walls are closing in and i m gonna die. i am and have been suffering for the last few months. any idea what i can do about this?
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, each thought building on the next until the weight of uncertainty becomes unbearable. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and doubt, where every decision feels like a dangerous gamble, and every moment of stillness is filled with the echoes of past regrets. the future looms large and dark, casting long shadows over my present, making it hard to focus on anything but the fear of what might come next. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own mind. anx
use first person perspective and keep sentences short. heart racing, thoughts jumbled. deep inhale, shallows exhale. the world spinning too fast, his eyes refusing to focus. time stalling, mind blank. panic bubbling up, emotions threatening to engulf him whole. fingers trembling on the steering wheel, palms slick and wet with cold sweat. how did it all come to this? he needed a break, a respite, a moment's peace, but instead found himself hurtling down the road in a frantic dance of avoidance, evasion, and escapism. there was no room for thought, for contemplation or reflection, only the raw,
my mind races with endless thoughts, and fear grips my heart with every breath. i'm drowning in my own worries, and i can't escape this cycle of anxiety. the world around me is a blur, and all i can focus on is the storm raging within. how can i go on living like this? in response to this thought, imagine a gentle and understanding voice offering these words you're not alone, and i'm here to help you. anxiety is a powerful and complex experience, but it's not unbeatable. remember that your thoughts are just mental constructs, and you have the power to challenge them. take small steps each day
taylor swift concert anxious and easily overstimulated i m going to see taylor swift next month. i m classically anxious in crowds and hate feeling trapped. i don t do malls or places like ikea. i can barely handle walmart. i m also just easily overstimulated. any tips on how to cope with this all? i plan to wear ear plugs and will probably have a couple drinks. i m really nervous though and i m looking for suggestions on what i can pack as a sort of emergency kit for my anxiety or anything else to cope. i want to have a good time and not be in a constant state of fear the whole time. thanks!
inner voice iv another long day ahead. the alarm goes off at the usual time, but this time it feels like a deafening thunder clap in my head. my eyes open reluctantly, only to meet the glaring light of reality staring back at me. a thousand unfulfilled dreams dance fleetingly in my mind, each one slowly fading back into the shadows, leaving me alone with the mundane tasks that await me. iv the day begins to unfurl like an intricate tapestry woven with a million fibers of responsibility, expectation, and the inescapable pressure of time. i draw in a deep breath, and the aroma of stale coffee m
monique paced back and forth in her tiny, cramped apartment, her mind racing with a myriad of thoughts. she clutched her chest, her heart hammering wildly against her ribcage. how did this happen? she had a good job, decent income, and a relatively healthy lifestyle. but now, she was drowning in medical bills, and the weight of them was bearing down on her like an enormous boulder. the numbers on the invoices seemed to taunt her, flashing in neon before her very eyes. how would she ever pay them all off? she collapsed onto the edge of her bed, her head falling into her hands. sobs wracked her
thought my mind is a chaotic storm, every worry, fear, and doubt swirling around, drowning out any semblance of peace. i feel trapped in this whirlwind of emotions, unable to find the calm in the eye of the storm. each moment is a struggle, just to stay afloat amidst the relentless tide of anxiety. create a brief thought from someone experiencing profound sadness. thought my heart is heavy with sorrow, weighing me down like an anchor, dragging me into the depths of despair. each breath is a reminder of the empty void left in my soul, the echoes of laughter and love now replaced by silence and
my mind is a storm of intrusive thoughts and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, every decision feels like a puzzle piece to a puzzle with no clear picture. the ticking clock seems to mock me, amplifying my anxiety, as i struggle to meet deadlines and expectations. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the next, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of worry. my breaths come in short, shallow gasps, as i grapple with the overwhelming sensation of being unable to escape my own thoughts. fear gri
in the whirlwind of swirling thoughts, the incessant ticking of the clock becomes an enemy rather than a friend. each tick and tock, a cruel reminder of the relentless passing of time. the mind races, a jumbled mess of what ifs and maybes, a chorus of fears that escalate with every passing second. the heart pounds, an iron drum, beating out an erratic rhythm, drowning out all other sounds. each breath is a struggle, each moment a challenge. it's a battle, a war within, and the only weapon seems to be the relentless march of anxiety. how would you describe the feeling of anxiety in three words
inner monologue the room was spinning, my heart racing. i could barely focus, my thoughts racing like a thousand horses galloping through my mind. my breath hitched in my throat. oh god, it was happening again. the panic was taking hold. i looked at the clock, the numbers dancing before my eyes. it was two in the morning. the darkness outside the window seemed to be pressing in on me, urging me to join it. i clutched the blanket tighter, feeling the cold air seeping in through the cracks around the window. i couldn't stay here, i couldn't stay in this room. i needed to leave, to escape. but i
in the stillness of the night, the weight of the world pressed down upon her shoulders, a burden heavy and unyielding. her heart beat rapid and relentless within her chest, each rhythmic thump echoing the ticking time bomb in her mind. her thoughts whirled like an untamed tornado, leaving a path of destruction and despair in their wake. what if i can't do this? she wondered, clutching the dampness of her bedclothes as the darkness threatened to engulf her. i'm so tired, she sighed, but the exhaustion in her bones was a mere facade, a smokescreen concealing a truth too fearsome to acknowledge.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, as if the slightest misstep could lead to disaster.' 'anxiety weighs on me like a thick fog, blurring my vision and clouding my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'my mind races with worst case scenarios, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm amidst the storm of anxious thoughts.' 'the world around me feels distant and unreal, as if i'm watching my life from a glass cage, unable to break free and live in the moment.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of worry
i clench my jaw, heart racing as i stare at the blank email composition window. each character i consider adding seems to heighten my fear, every thought an arrow, each keystroke a missile. why can t i just put into words what i want to say? a quiet, peaceful response feels elusive. and all the while, the clock seems to grow louder, a relentless judge, an unforgiving chorus. my thoughts spin in a dizzying carousel, my hands aching to type something worthwhile. but i can only imagine the disappointment that will follow, the judgments and scoldings. my mind cages me in, my anxiety a cruel king,
what thoughts and words does the anxious person repeat over and over again when things seem hopeless, unmanageable, and overwhelming? consider using past tense for the repeated thoughts. i can't breathe. i've been holding my breath without realizing it. my heart is pounding, racing, and i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. my mind won't stop. it's like a relentless cycle of negative thoughts, repeating over and over again. what if i can't do this? what if i fail? i've failed before, and every time i do, it seems to get harder. the weight of my past mistakes sits heavy on my shoulders,
i chose to write about the thoughts and emotions of a mother during a natural disaster my heart hammered relentlessly against my ribcage as i clutched my little ones to my chest. they hiccupped and sniffled into my neck, but i barely noticed, transfixed by the storm tearing through the window. i could see it in the trees, the swirling blackness, the howling wind whipping through the leaves and tossing them carelessly into the night. i couldn t hear their screams, their shattering cries, but i knew they were out there. the rain thundered against the roof, deafening my already fragile thoughts.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace in the present moment. anxiety grips my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the cycle of worry and uncertainty. the weight of anxiety presses down on my chest, stealing my breath and clouding my judgment, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety's icy grip tightens around my heart, as i struggle to find the strength to break free from its relentless hold. my thoughts race like a runaway train, each worry piling on top of the next, leaving me feeling overwhelmed
as the sun rises, casting an orange and gold hue over the cityscape, thoughts begin to fill my mind. an overwhelming sense of dread creeps in, each passing moment heightening my anxiety. time slows, my heart beats faster, the noise outside seems to grow louder, and i find myself caught in the grips of an all too familiar sensation. every detail around me magnifies, from the tiniest imperfections in the woodwork, to the scent of my coffee growing stale. i can t focus, can t relax, and fear envelops my every thought. why can t i control this? is this me? my anxiety, the storm brewing in my soul
my mind is a storm of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and leaving me exhausted from the mental effort of trying to keep it at bay.' 'the weight of worry presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and i'm consumed by the fear that i'll never be able to escape its grasp.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of anxiety, unable to find a way out and longing for the peace that
in the depths of the labyrinthine recesses of my consciousness, the relentless gears of my thoughts grind and churn, each tooth rending fragments of fear, despair, and doubt from the very essence of my being. my heart races, pounding a primal drumbeat against my ribcage, a staccato march toward an abyss of uncertainty. my breath, shallow and rapid, threatens to be consumed by the engulfing darkness that creeps into the edges of my perception, threatening to swallow all reason, all logic, all sense of self. i cannot escape this torturous maze of thoughts, each one a twisting, turning labyrinth
my mind is a storm of endless worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. or the weight of anxiety sits heavy on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe and focus on anything but my racing thoughts. or fear clutches at my heart, making it difficult to concentrate on the simplest tasks and leaving me feeling helpless and powerless. or anxiety grips me with an iron fist, stealing my peace of mind and leaving me feeling trapped and isolated in my own thoughts. or my thoughts race through my head like a freight train, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to escape the
my mind is a storm of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and leaving me exhausted from the mental effort of trying to keep it at bay.' 'the weight of worry presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and i'm consumed by the fear that i'll never be able to escape its grasp.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of anxiety, unable to find a way out and longing for the peace that
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe lately. my mind races with worst case scenarios, and i can't shake the feeling of impending doom. it's like my thoughts are a runaway train, and i'm stuck on the platform, powerless to stop it. i'm scared to face the world, fearing the judgment and criticism of others. anxiety is a heavy weight on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
make it vivid and immediate, and aim for empathy from the reader. here's an example my heart races as i look at the crowded room, each face a looming question mark. i can t breathe. every fiber of my being shrieks at the impossibility of facing another awkward conversation. here's my attempt beneath the weight of an impending deadline, my thoughts accelerate like a runaway train, their ceaseless chatter echoing in my skull. the simplest of tasks seem insurmountable, the quiet stillness of the room a chilling silence. my chest tightens, and with it the crushing fear that the clock's merciless
in the stillness of the early morning, as the first rays of dawn broke through the gloom, the anxiety crept into her mind like a venomous creature, slowly insidious and relentless. she was supposed to have it all figured out, but here she was, staring into the mirror, the reflections of her haggard, sleep deprived face an unsettling reminder of her failing fortitude. the day stretched before her like a long, winding road with too many twists and turns to navigate, and she felt her heart hammering in her chest, the primal beat echoing the thunderous drumming of her fear. can i really do this?
thought my heart races, my mind spins with a thousand worrying thoughts, and i can't seem to catch my breath. the fear of the unknown consumes me, and every decision i make feels like a potential disaster waiting to happen. i'm trapped in this cycle of anxiety, and it feels like there's no way out. i'm exhausted from constantly being on high alert, but still, i can't seem to find peace. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i'm struggling to carry it all. i just want to escape from this unrelenting storm of thoughts and emotions, but i don't know how. i'm trapped in this
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a constant whirlwind of anxious thoughts, fearing the unpredictability of the future. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry, each second stretching into an eternity, my breaths shallow and my thoughts a jumbled mess. the weight of my anxiety is a burden that seems impossible to bear, every nerve ending on edge, waiting for the next trigger to set off a storm of emotions. my mind is a battleground, each thought a weapon in the war within, my heart racing, my palms sweating, and my breaths shallow as i struggle to find calm amidst the chaos.
thought my mind is a never ending spiral of worries and fears. each thought leads to another, each worry begets more. i feel trapped in my own thoughts, suffocated by the weight of uncertainty. i can't focus, i can't sleep, i can't think straight. i wish i could just turn it off, but i know that's not an option. i'm drowning in my own thoughts and i don't know how to swim anymore. this thought expresses the overwhelming nature of anxiety, where one worry or fear can snowball into many, and the individual feels consumed by them. the thought also highlights the impact of anxiety on daily life,
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but my anxieties.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, feeling powerless to break free from the grip of my anxious thoughts.' 'every day feels like a never ending rollercoaster of fear and uncertainty, leaving me drained and exhausted.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, making it hard to distinguish fact from fiction and leaving me questioning my own sanity.' 'the weight of my worries presses down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly.' 'my mind
not a character in a short story. the thought should be authentic to how you personally have felt or are currently feeling when experiencing anxiety. if this is not something you have experienced, try to empathize with someone going through it. remember that thoughts may change or evolve depending on the person and their experience. here s an example as my heart races and my mind floods with irrational thoughts, i m acutely aware that my anxiety is not a mere figment of my imagination it s a very real, tangible force that disrupts my daily life and leaves me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
monica paced the worn floorboards of her small apartment, the scent of burning candles mingling with the stale aroma of take out container she'd left unattended on the counter. she clutched the small, thin bundle of her unfinished resume in one hand, her heart thudding like a bass drum in her chest. the looming deadlines that she'd ignored for weeks, even months, threatened to engulf her like quicksand. a gentle tapping at the window, followed by the sound of the cat's familiar mewl, snapped her out of her spiraling thoughts. monica forced herself to take a deep breath and let it out, trying
that one time i thought i was dying this one is a funny story, one time in the morning i went to the toilet while i was half asleep. so i did my business and i always checked my pee so when i looked into the toilet the liquid was blue and i was like okay, h ly shit, i've never seen anything like this before, i am dying so i called my mom and i was like mother, my pee is blue, we need to go to the hospital. anyways, turns out it was just one of those toilet blue water thingies that they installed while i was asleep. at least now i can laugh about it. my apologies if my english isn't that good
smaller stomach after hernia repair surgery help hello,i am a 19 yo rather healthy female and i have underwent a hernia repair surgery a month ago.im roughly around 66kg and 176cm tall. now im not the most fit person and i had some stomach fat before the surgery and after. the past week has been different and i had started eating once or max twice per day since my loss of apetite and i noticed that my stomach is way way smaller than it used to be. is this the cause of the said surgery,eating less food i was pretty inactive though or could there be another more worrying reason? i need advice.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. the world outside feels like a minefield of potential disasters waiting to happen. every little thing sets off a chain reaction of worry in my mind. i can't seem to find peace, even in the comfort of my own home. the fear of judgment and failure is consuming me. it's like i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next anxiety provoking event to occur.
the thoughts, emotions and physical sensations of anxiety and how it can disrupt a person's daily life. inner monologue i can't breathe. my heart is pounding, it feels like it's going to burst out of my chest. my mind is racing a thousand miles per hour, like a freight train going off the rails. i can't focus on anything, every small detail seems magnified, and i can't shake the feeling of impending doom. the traffic lights seem to take forever to change, my thoughts and concerns building with every passing second. i keep repeating myself, the same words on loop in my head 'what if i make a
i'm staring at the phone screen, feeling my heart pounding in my chest. every second ticks by slower than the one before it. i need to call, but the words refuse to leave my mind. my hand trembles as i struggle to breathe. what if they don't pick up? what if they hang up on me? what if they think i'm crazy? my mind races with worst case scenarios. i close my eyes and take a deep breath, trying to quiet the thoughts. but they only seem to become louder. i can't let this fear win. i steel myself and press the call button. the phone rings once, twice, three times. finally, a voicemail picks up
in their thoughts, describe how their heart is pounding, hands shaking, the sweating, chills, nausea, fear, uncertainty, negative self talk, and thoughts of an escape, yet the terror is so paralyzing that it seems like they're stuck in their own head. inner monologue heart pounding relentlessly in my chest my heart is racing, it feels like it's going to burst through my ribcage any second. my hands are shaking so uncontrollably that i can barely hold onto the things i'm trying to keep steady. the beads of sweat on my forehead are growing and running down my face, making everything around me
my mind is a whirlwind of endless worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts and fears.' 'every breath feels labored as my chest tightens, and i'm consumed by the constant fear that something terrible is about to happen.' 'the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to move or think straight, trapping me in a cycle of fear and uncertainty.' 'fear grips me, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to
oh god, it's been hours since i've felt any sense of calm. my heart pounds in my chest, every beat a reminder of my own mortality. sweat drips down my forehead, slicking the rough edges of my hair back from my face. my breath catches in my throat, and i feel my chest constrict, my mind a whirlwind of thoughts, every one more panicked than the last. i should have seen this coming. i've been so out of sorts lately, unable to focus on anything but the million little things threatening to overwhelm me. an email that needs answering, a project that's behind schedule, a household chore that's yet
why can't i just be normal? why can't i control my thoughts? i'm failing at everything, my mind is a chaotic mess, and i can't stop the intrusive thoughts. i can't focus on anything, even the simplest tasks, because my anxiety keeps me in a constant state of high alert. i try to calm myself, to ground myself, but it never works for long. every little thing feels like a crisis, and i'm exhausted from fighting this battle alone. i need help, but who can i turn to? who will believe me? i'm just a burden to everyone around me, a broken record playing the same fears over and over again. and yet,
my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. every breath i take feels labored, my mind a constant hurricane of worry and uncertainty, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. anxiety has a grip on me, its tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, preventing me from living in the present moment. the weight of my fears is a heavy burden, dragging me down and clouding my judgment, leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a jumbled mess of fear and doubt, leaving me frozen in place
a gentle rain patters against the window, but i cannot focus on the soothing sound. my mind is a tumultuous sea, its waves crashing and churning with thoughts that refuse to be still. each one is a different worry, a fear, a concern that demands attention. i try to quiet the storm within me, but it only grows louder. i am but a small vessel, lost at sea, struggling to keep afloat amidst the overwhelming tide of my thoughts. i long for peace, for tranquility, but it eludes me. i am a prisoner of my own mind, ensnared by the very thing that is meant to protect and sustain me. anxiety, the rel
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making it impossible to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a chaotic symphony of worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'anxiety clutches at my chest, tightening with each breath, as my mind spirals out of control, consumed by a storm of doubts and fears.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, each wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling disoriented and helpless against the tide of anxiety.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, a relentless pressure that threatens
in a few lines, imagine and describe their inner turmoil. amidst the cacophony of my mind, a relentless symphony of fear, self doubt, and apprehension swells, drowning my thoughts in a turbid sea of uncertainty. each wave of anxious thoughts crashes against the shore of my consciousness, eroding my resolve, inexorably tearing away at my composure. the once familiar terrain of my thoughts now seems alien, twisted and contorted beyond recognition by the gnarled tendrils of my fear. every breath, every heartbeat is a labored reminder of my fragility, my impermanence, a testament to the tenuous
how might they challenge and refute that thought? anxious thought i missed my bus by a few minutes, i'm going to be late for my interview. the recruiter is going to think i'm unprofessional and i won't get the job. challenging and refuting the thought 1. first, recognize that this is an anxious thought and not a fact. 2. acknowledge that being late for an interview does not define your professionalism as a person. 3. reframe the situation by focusing on what you can control preparing for the interview and showing up with a positive attitude. 4. consider alternative methods of transportation
my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing like a runaway train, and i can't seem to find peace or calm in this storm of anxiety.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a whirlwind of doubt and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of anxiety.' 'i'm consumed by a relentless cycle of worry and fear, each thought feeding the next until i'm left feeling overwhelmed and helpless against the onslaught of anxiety.' 'anxiety clut
make the thoughts reflect on the fact that the stress and fear is a symptom of a larger problem. in the recesses of her mind, emma's thoughts swirled, churning with a tumultuous energy that threatened to consume her. each beat of her frantic heart echoed in her chest like a drum, amplifying her fears and fueling her anxiety. her breath came shallow, quick, and jagged, betraying the chaos within. what was this, she wondered, a thousand times over? she had endured this maddening merry go round before, but never quite so insistently, so mercilessly. with each trembling shudder, emma questioned
remember that the purpose of the inner monologue is to show how a person reacts internally, emotionally, and thoughtfully in an unfamiliar, scary, or stressful situation. use vivid descriptions, dialogue, and tone to evoke a sense of unease and unease in the reader. title the whispering woods within the heart of the whispering woods, the trees seemed to bend and sway in an eerie synchrony, their branches whispering with the wind, their leaves, a dissonant symphony of creaks and cracks. i shuddered beneath the canopy, my breaths hitched and trembled in my chest, as cold as the autumn leaves,
exhale sharply through clenched teeth, the weight of the world pressing down on my shoulders, as i gaze out of the window and watch the rain patter against the glass. my heart is pounding in my chest, the beats resonating like a drum, as the thoughts in my mind race, leaving me unable to focus on a single one. my thoughts are a storm, swirling together, tearing me apart from the inside. why am i here? what am i doing with my life? how did i end up in this place, with these responsibilities, these obligations? i feel as though i'm drowning, suffocating, suffocating under the weight of it all
finally figured out why my collarbones hurt when i walk! a few months ago, i started getting pain under my collarbones whenever i walked. combined with my gerd symptoms, i thought i was beginning to have heart issues lol i started getting pinched nerves in the upper back neck shoulder clavicle areas. so i've been seeing chiropractors and getting massages. turns out my spine is fucked up, and i'm constantly getting muscle spasms because.... my boobs are too big way better than a faulty heart, but not exactly the cheapest problem to fix. hoping to get reduction surgery within the next 2 years
they're trying to navigate through a maze of confusing instructions for assembling furniture, while dealing with mounting anxiety, and potential time constraints. inner monologue frustrated sigh i can't believe it. another unassembled piece of furniture, another sunday afternoon wasted. the instructions look simple enough, but it's never that easy for me. i can't focus. my mind keeps wandering. why can't i just follow the damn instructions? i've tried to be more efficient, but now i'm running out of time. i'll never get this done before the guests arrive. anxious glances at the clock time's
lyme disease ms? like many of us i am scared to have lyme disease or ms. i've had a facial paralysis for about a month. for a period i convinced myself that i'm healthy and that it was only a bell's palsy, but lately i've been thinking it's lyme because i'm always superexhausted when waking up and i'm tired after walking stairs, and have neurological symptoms like weakness on one side on left side of the body, also lyme can cause facial paralysis so i keep thinking about it. i've had a blood test and emg that were fine except something to do with allergies in my blood . should i be worried?
i'm standing here, heart pounding in my chest, palms sweating, mind racing, unable to focus on anything but the dread consuming me. my breaths are shallow and erratic, each one bringing a fresh wave of anxiety. i can feel my thoughts spiraling, like a runaway train barreling down the track with no brakes. the world around me is a blur. all i can see are the worst case scenarios, each one more dire than the last. my thoughts tumble over one another, a chaotic jumble of fear and uncertainty. how did i get here? i was doing fine just a moment ago. and now this? now this crippling anxiety that
rapid heart rate 24m, 6 , 215 pounds i have what i believe to be anxiety disorder. i almost always have some sort of anxiety. sometimes i feel a little cloudy and maybe even a bit u stable on my feet. the worst is when i ll be working doing something minimally exhausting but my heart rate will raise to over 120 and then the panic ensues. the rapid rate can last hours. maybe i am a hypochondriac and the more i think and check my pulse the worse it gets. does anyone else have this happen? i have asked my doctor for a referral to a cardiologist just to be sure. i m currently on no medication.
let's call him tom. tom panted heavily, his chest heaving as the sounds of sirens in the distance pierced the night air. the rain pelted against his window, a mocking dance that amplified the growing turmoil within him. his heart thundered in his chest, beating as fast as the raindrops that raced against the glass. the cold sweat on his forehead burned with each droplet that dripped from the edge of the awning, reminding him of the tears that flowed as regularly as the unyielding precipitation. tom s mind was a cyclone of dread, swirling faster and stronger the longer he stared at the dark
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like being trapped in a never ending storm of thoughts. every moment is filled with fear, uncertainty, and self doubt. i can't seem to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner, and it's leaving me paralyzed. i'm constantly on edge, my mind racing with worst case scenarios. it's exhausting, and sometimes i just want to escape from it all.
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, keeping me awake at night and paralyzing me during the day. every breath i take feels labored, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, and my thoughts race faster than my heartbeat. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty. the constant churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling like a leaf caught in a raging river, unable to find solid ground and escape the turbulent waters. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out all other sounds as
my mind is a storm of endless worries, and i'm drowning in the sea of uncertainty, unable to find solid ground. i'm a prisoner in my own thoughts, shackled by fear and doubt, unable to escape the cycle of anxiety. the weight of my thoughts is a heavy burden, crushing my spirit and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of emotions, and every fear, every worry, every insecurity feels amplified, leaving me feeling consumed and powerless. my anxiety is a dark cloud, obscuring my vision and casting a shadow over every moment of my life, leaving me feeling trapped and
in the sweltering heat of a midsummer afternoon, as i sit on the cracked concrete steps of the old brownstone, the weight of the world pressing down upon my shoulders, my thoughts begin to spiral. my heart races with a familiar and all consuming dread. what was once an empty apartment, now feels like a cage, confining me from the outside world. why am i like this? why can't i just shake off the fear and anxiety that threatens to engulf me, day in and day out? i've tried therapy, medication, meditation, yoga, but nothing seems to quell the storm of worry and despair that churns within me. i
thought my mind is a never ending cycle of thoughts, a whirlwind of worries and fears. i can't seem to escape the grip of anxiety that leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless. every breath, every heartbeat, every second ticks by like an endless countdown to an uncertain future. the future seems like a minefield, and i'm walking blindfolded, constantly waiting for the next bomb to explode. the noise in my head is deafening, drowning out all other sounds, all other voices. i'm trapped in a prison of my own making, and i can't see a way out. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and
how do i know if its health anxiety or ocd? i obsess over my health a lot right now. i got over my health anxiety once but now its back since a slight worry of my right hearing actually became true, i had a hearing problem in my right ear. while i still worry about these things i also worry about things that are wrong with me in general, psychological or not. i'm kind of worried now that my health anxiety might be ocd? i've heard that ocd is harder to treat. ocd is obsessive thoughts as well and i have those with my health. how do i know if it's just health anxiety or if its ocd? thank you
every thought that enters my mind is magnified by my anxiety, making simple decisions feel like insurmountable tasks. my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making it difficult to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to escape the grip of my anxiety and the fear it brings. anxiety leaves me feeling powerless, as if my thoughts and emotions are controlling me, rather than the other way around. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear, unable to find solid ground and regain control of my thoughts. anxiety robs
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'the fear of making a mistake looms large, and every decision feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of worry and doubt.' 'my body is on high alert, and even the smallest trigger can send me into a panic attack, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'the future seems uncertain and filled with danger, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the fear of what might go wrong.' 'anxiety makes me feel like i
excerpt from the mind of an anxious person, overwhelmed with worry and fear why can't i get this right? my heart pounds in my chest, my palms grow clammy, and the thought of making another mistake is enough to push me over the edge. i take a deep breath and try to calm myself, but the swirling thoughts and fears keep coming. the traffic seems to be moving at a glacial pace today, my mind racing far faster than the cars on the road. i'm due at an important meeting, but instead of focusing on the drive or the task at hand, i'm consumed by the fear that i'll somehow arrive late or unprepared
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, each thought amplifying the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, every breath a struggle, every thought a burden, and every moment a challenge to endure.' 'i'm caught in a storm of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by fear.' 'my mind is a tangled web of worry and doubt, every decision a minefield, every moment a potential disaster.' 'anxiety claws at my mind, tearing away my peace, leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed, unable to escape its grip
use lots of descriptive language to build the image and feelings for the reader. in the stillness of the night, as the last glimmer of twilight receded from the periphery of her vision, she knew. she stood there, alone, her heart racing as her palms slicked the rough bark of the ancient tree. beneath the velvety blanket of darkness, a multitude of ominous whispers reverberated through the hollow depths of her being, threatening to devour her with each inhale and exhale of her trembling breath. her thoughts roiled and surged in a tempest of emotions that crashed over her like a cacophonous
this could be about an exam, an interview, a public speaking engagement, a first date, the death of a loved one, a health concern or a financial crisis. inner diialogue breathing deeply through the tense corners of my lungs, i try to focus, to quell the storm swirling inside my mind. time seems to stretch on, an elastic band threatening to snap as i wrestle with my deepest fears, the dark corners of my consciousness gnawing at the edges of my sanity. exam. i need an a on this exam, not just for me, but for the expectations my parents have laid on my shoulders. the weight of my dreams clen
inner voice breathe... just breathe. this isn't worth losing control over. but what if it is? what if something terrible is actually happening? that car behind you, it's getting closer. should i pull over? what if they're not there for help? what if they intend to harm you? what about the phone call you got before leaving home? it sounded important, maybe even urgent. but you're late for the meeting. you don't have time to listen to that voicemail now. butterflies have taken residence in your stomach, refusing to let you go. sweat is beading on your forehead, your heart races. anxiety cre
include in your writing 1 a metaphor for anxiety 2 an acknowledgment of the experience s persistence 3 a recognition of the need for coping mechanisms. living with anxiety feels like a never ending storm in my mind, clouds of fear and uncertainty constantly brewing and threatening to drench my thoughts. its gripping presence persists, an unwelcome companion that lingers even in moments of calm. yet, amidst the chaos, i understand that i cannot control the weather, but i can reach for an umbrella the coping mechanisms that provide relief and shelter when the rain becomes too heavy to bear.
thought my heart races as i scroll through my to do list, each task looming larger with the passing seconds. i'm trapped in a web of responsibilities, unable to escape. my mind spins with worries and fears, a never ending cycle that feels suffocating. breathe, i remind myself, but the air feels thick and unreachable. anxiety tightens its grip, urging me to give in to its hold. i'm not strong enough to carry this burden alone, but i have to keep going. i take another deep breath, closing my eyes to shut out the chaos for a moment. maybe tomorrow, i'll have the strength to face another day.
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and self doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts. the weight of my worries crushes me, making it difficult to breathe and forcing me to question my every move and decision. my thoughts race like a freight train, derailing any sense of calm or clarity, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind reels with uncertainty, and i'm
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing, my body tense, and my emotions volatile, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. every breath feels like a struggle, every heartbeat a reminder of my own fragility, and every moment a potential trigger for an anxiety attack. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and i'm drowning in a sea of thoughts, unable to escape the never ending cycle of anxiety. my mind is a battlefield, filled with doubts, fears, and inse
inner voice frantic, quick breaths oh, god. there it is again. the familiar fluttering in my chest, that inexplicable fear, the sense of dread clinging to my very being. is it a heart attack? is it anxiety? it doesn't matter, does it? it feels the same terrifying, consuming, and absolutely debilitating. my hands are shaking, and my thoughts are racing, churning and tumbling through my consciousness, clouding my mind, rendering me unable to focus. i cannot breathe, i cannot think, i cannot feel anything but this overwhelming fear. i wish it would just leave me alone, but it clings on, ever
try to massage the back of your head with your palm, and then concentrate on feeling it and imagine that you are thinking your thoughts and feeling feelings there. this technique helped me to develop awareness of my thoughts and feelings as observer. also it helped me to heal my anxiety and neurosis. i call this back of head method . i hope you try it and it works. if your attempt was successful and you started feeling calmness and ease, i recommend you to regularly practice this method for months to get good results. you won t even recognize your reaction to impulses after long practice.
inside my head, a chorus of anxious thoughts buzzes like a swarm of bees, relentless and aggravating. my heart races in rhythm with their constant agitation. fear squeezes my chest. what if i can t do this? what if i disappoint everyone, including myself? i can barely keep up with things as they are. if only i could turn back time, maybe i would have made different choices, handled situations differently. but the cruel hand of fate clenches that privilege away from me. my mind refuses to focus on anything but this fear gnawing at me. my thoughts whirl out of control, like a vortex, consum
my mind is a constant storm of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. another example the weight of uncertainty presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, stifling my ability to breathe and function normally. a more lighthearted example my thoughts race faster than usain bolt, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to keep up with my own mind. or, for someone experiencing social anxiety the thought of being in a room filled with strangers fills me with dread, making me want to hide away and avoid the situation at all costs.
this could be caused by a variety of reasons such as an upcoming exam, a job interview, a medical diagnosis, or a relationship issue. inner monologue i can't focus. my mind keeps wandering, spinning in circles like a runaway top. my heart beats faster with every passing second, the ticking clock adding to the cacophony of thoughts clanging around in my head. i can't do this. i can't take another step forward. the weight of expectations and self imposed pressures is threatening to crush me. my thoughts race ahead to worst case scenarios. the fear gnaws at me, a persistent itch that i can't
my mind is a tangled web of worries and doubts, each thought looping and intertwining, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, every decision a mountain to climb, every mistake an insurmountable boulder.' 'my thoughts race like a train without brakes, each worry adding fuel to the fire, leaving me exhausted and overwhelmed.' 'my mind is a stormy sea, turbulent and chaotic, each wave threatening to drown me in fear and doubt.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, twisting and contorting them into knots, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. the weight of uncertainty sits heavily on my shoulders, as i struggle to find calm in the midst of my racing thoughts. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. fear gnaws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed, unable to escape its grasp. my heart races and my mind races faster, as the cycle of anxiety
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety grips me, causing my thoughts to spiral out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own mind. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as i grapple with the overwhelming weight of uncertainty and fear. my thoughts race uncontrollably, each one building on the last, creating a mountain of anxiety that feels impossible to overcome. i'm held captive by the relentless cycle of anxious thoughts, unable to break free and find peace in the present moment.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the constant knot in my stomach and the relentless stream of intrusive thoughts leave me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety has a way of turning everyday moments into mountainous challenges, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and uncertain. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, making it hard to focus, breathe, or even enjoy the present moment. fear grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling vulnerable and helpless in the face of uncertainty. anxiety's grip on my mind
inner voice sighing deeply oh god, what is happening? why do i feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders? the deadline for this project is looming, and there's just so much to do. i can't seem to focus or even remember where to start. and on top of that, there are issues at home that are making things even more unbearable. the kids are driving me crazy with their endless requests and fighting. my wife is feeling overwhelmed, and i can't be there for her when i'm trying to figure out how to get this project done. thoughts my heart is racing, and i can feel the tension
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe sometimes, like my mind is a never ending whirlpool of thoughts. every little thing feels like a mountain to climb, and i can't seem to shake this constant knot in my stomach. i'm terrified of making a mistake or being judged, even by those closest to me. it's exhausting trying to keep up this facade of normalcy, but behind it, i'm drowning in my own fears.
this may not be poetic or well constructed, but i want something authentic feeling, because anxiety is messy. my mind races a thousand miles per hour, each worry multiplying with each beat of my racing heart. each inhale only makes me hyper aware of every ache, every tremble. i wish i could pause time, if only to escape this cycle. fear is consuming me whole, until all that remains is a hollow shell of a human, an echo of myself. i can't shake this paralyzing feeling, the grip it holds on my very being. and it's not just in my mind it clings to my bones, tightening with every breath. i'm
include at least three sensory descriptions. in the suffocating silence of the room, my heart throbbed like a caged bird, desperate to fly free from the prison of my chest. the beads of sweat trickled down my temples, stinging my skin like a thousand tiny needles. my palms clung to the edge of the worn, leather chair, the rough, unyielding texture a stark reminder of the immovable reality before me. the scent of mildewed paper wafted up from the stack of files in front of me, a pungent reminder of the overwhelming task ahead. my vision tunneled, focusing on the blurred lines and the inky
in the depths of the quiet night, as the moon hides behind the thick blanket of clouds, my thoughts spiral uncontrollably, fueled by an all consuming fear. my heart beats in a discordant rhythm, the rapid succession of beats echoing in my chest, a reminder of the relentless passage of time. the shadows dance and twirl around me, weaving tales of the unknown and the uncertain, their stories growing ever more ominous with each passing second. the soft whispers of the wind carry with them a chorus of questions, a cacophony that reverberates in the recesses of my mind. why did this happen to
scary throat problems i had 2 respiratory infections in about a span of a month and when it finally began to clear up i had an persistent globule feeling in the opening of my throat. after about a week later that two passed and i began to have pain in the right side of my chest usually after eating. most recently i've been having this electric shock feeling in the opening of my throat when i yawn or sometimes just stretch my neck. i feel like it maybe happened occasionally over the last couple weeks but i feel like the frequency and intensity is increasing with time. someone please help.
use a limited perspective only 3rd person point of view and no dialog. beads of sweat collected and danced at the edge of her brow, each drop eliciting the slightest tremor, as if to whisper, 'escape'. the tick of the clock echoed within the hollows of her ear, her heartbeat pounded a discordant rhythm, syncing in perfect symmetry. a thousand thoughts wove intricate patterns, as fragile as spider silk, teetering on the brink, ready to shatter beneath the pressure of the crushing burden. her gaze darted from her trembling hand to the mounting pile of unopened bills, the stack of forgotten
anxiety weighs heavy on my chest, compressing my heart and limiting my breath. i feel as if i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, my mind a storm tossed sea. each thought drags me deeper, the fear growing stronger with every passing moment. i can hardly see a way out, the darkness enveloping me like a fog. every fiber of my being shakes with anticipation of the looming terror an anxiety attack, imminent and unavoidable. my body aches for release, longing for a return to calm. but the anxiety keeps tightening its grip, leaving me trapped and helpless. it's a never ending cycle of fear and
then, provide a thought record to help reframe the thought into a more positive and adaptive one. example of anxious thought i am going to fail the big presentation at work tomorrow. everyone is going to look at me and see me as incompetent. i will lose respect and probably get fired from my job. thought record 1. thought i'm going to fail the big presentation at work tomorrow. everyone is going to look at me and see me as incompetent. i will lose respect and probably get fired from my job. 2. evidence there have been times when i've made mistakes or felt less confident in presentations.
an example of an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone here laughs or stares at me? this thought could trigger feelings of fear, self consciousness, and the need to control or prevent the supposed mistake, which are common symptoms of anxiety. it can make a person feel overwhelmed, distracted, or even physically ill, affecting their ability to perform at their best in social or professional situations. it's important to recognize such thoughts and learn coping strategies to manage anxiety and reduce the impact on daily life.
in the quiet of the dark, the thoughts began to creep in like unwelcome guests. the ticking of the clock seemed to grow louder, a harsh reminder of the inexorable march of time. the deadlines, the bills, the responsibilities, the uncertainties, all collided in a jumble in the mind of the woman lying in bed, a miasma of fear and dread that threatened to consume her. she took a deep breath, but it only seemed to make the ache in her chest more apparent. i can do this, she whispered to herself, but even as she uttered the words, she felt the familiar sense of doubt creeping in, the niggling
thanks, ancestry hi guys! so i recently took an ancestry dna test and i bought access to the records. my maternal grandmother apparently died of uterine cancer at 40 years old. my grandmother was always told it was lung cancer. she thought it made sense since her mother was a very heavy tobacco smoker. anywho, now i m constantly worried about this. i also have pcos that makes me have irregular periods. just crappy thoughts and i hate this! i ve had health anxiety in the past. luckily i have my therapist appointment on monday so i ll talk to him about this new fact . thanks for listening.
this can be about anything that is causing them anxiety, from a personal issue, to a fear, to a big decision they need to make. in the quietness of the night, as the weight of my fears piled high upon my shoulders, my mind began to race. the anxiety gnawed at me, like a never ending itch that could not be scratched. i stared at the ceiling, willing the stars to offer up some guidance, but all they did was mock me with their unwavering calm. i couldn't shake the feeling that i was trapped, a prisoner to the very things that had once been a source of joy in my life. and now, like a broken
use sensory details to describe their emotions. in the dim recesses of my consciousness, the first inklings of unease fluttered, subtle and elusive, like the scent of damp leaves on a crisp autumn morning. my heart drummed a syncopated rhythm in my chest, each heavy beat echoing through my body with the intensity of a gong. the air around me seemed to thicken, clinging to my throat like a woolen shawl, rendering my inhalations shallow and difficult. my palms, though clammy with sweat, tingled as if brushing against the finest of silk. the once soothing melody that had been serenading me
when anxiety kills me anyway. i'm going through the anxiety for a long time and got high blood pressure too.my cardiologist said it's all about anxiety what i really feel so.then went to my psychiatrist to help me out once again and got some medicine named esita 10 mg and tanocab 50mg.last 8 months i took the medicine and still on.it made some kind of help like i got no panic attack and blood pressure is quite normal .but problem is when i take the medicine, i feel like it's not good for my health and then it creates anxiety again.it kills me anyway.does anybody help me out?well,i'm 26.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to catch my breath these days. my mind races with a million 'what ifs' and 'what abouts'. the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. every interaction feels like a potential disaster, and i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next anxiety attack to hit. it's exhausting, and i can't seem to find a way out.
they seem to have a lot on their mind, and their racing thoughts are making it hard to focus or process anything calmly. inner monologue heart pounding in chest, mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts why am i always like this? so on edge, so worried about every single little thing. i can't focus, can't think straight. it's like my mind is a jumbled mess of worries and fears. what if something terrible happens? what if i fail? what if i'm not good enough? the what ifs just keep coming, relentless and overwhelming. my breathing starts to shallow, my muscles tense. i can feel the familiar p
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind an endless whirlpool of anxious thoughts, and i can't seem to escape its grasp. my mind is a storm of worry and fear, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find peace or calm in the chaos. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat a reminder of the constant, gnawing anxiety that threatens to consume me from the inside out. anxiety claws at my thoughts, leaving me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making even the simplest tasks
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else but the next potential catastrophe. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, and i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of intrusive thoughts that paralyze me with fear and uncertainty. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by an unrelenting storm of thoughts and emotions. my thoughts race a thousand miles an hour, yet i'm frozen in place, unable to act or even think clearly, as fear grips me tighter with each passing moment.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making even simple tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'my thoughts race like a freight train, leaving me exhausted and unable to catch my breath.' 'i'm held captive by my fears, unable to escape the cycle of worry and doubt.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different what ifs, leaving me
every breath feels heavy and uncertain as my mind spirals out of control, dwelling on the smallest details and amplifying my fears. the constant knot in my stomach won't untangle as my thoughts race ahead, leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry and unease. anxiety clutches at me, its tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. my mind is a storm of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me unable to focus or find peace. the weight of my worries presses down on me like a heavy blanket, making even the simplest tasks feel ins
my mind is a never ending storm of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. every breath i take is a reminder of the constant, nagging fear that gnaws at me, making it hard to live in the moment and enjoy life. the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety is a constant companion, whispering doubts and fears in my ear, making it hard to trust my own judgement or believe
my heart races, my thoughts scatter, my breaths shallow, my chest tight. each second feels like an eternity, each minute a mountain to climb. the weight of my worries piles higher, pressing down on me, suffocating me. i can't focus, can't function, can't escape. anxiety consumes me, leaving me a shell of myself, barely able to cling to the fragile threads of reality. help me. please. somehow. some way. i hope that gives you a good sense of the intense, overwhelming feelings that can come with anxiety. if you or someone you know is struggling with anxiety, know that you're not alone, and
inside my head, chaos reigned. my thoughts raced, each one faster than the last, a relentless onslaught that i could neither tame nor escape. the familiar feeling of fear gnawed at me, a gnarly creature lurking in the recesses of my mind, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. heart racing, palms sweaty, breaths shallow and rapid, i was losing control. every muscle tensed, ready for fight or flight mode, though there was no apparent danger in sight. the familiar cycle of stress and anxiety began to consume me once more. why now? i wondered, clinging to the hope that i could avoid the
inner voice sighs heavily i can't believe this is happening again. another project deadline creeping up on me, and i'm just not making enough progress. the mounting pressure is becoming almost unbearable. what if i can't finish on time? what if my boss is disappointed? what if i let down my team? fearful thoughts every mistake i've ever made flashes before my eyes. the way my boss's eyes roll when i present an incomplete project. the disappointed sighs of my team members. the embarrassment i feel when i can't provide a satisfactory answer to a simple question. i can't handle the fear of
inner voice iv hey, what's going on? you seem really anxious. me m i am. my boss just sent me an email with some critical comments on my last project. she's usually really supportive, but this time it felt like a direct attack. i feel like i've been working so hard and yet nothing seems to be good enough. iv that's not easy to hear, i know. it's natural to feel scared and uncertain when we face criticism, especially from someone we care about and respect. but remember, one piece of feedback does not define you as a person or as a professional. m easier said than done. my heart is racing
paranoia it has been a stressful time for me just moved countries . i have always seen things out of the corner of my eye but didn t think anything of this. the last few weeks has gotten more noticeable. last night i kept seeing shadows to the point i could not move of the couch until i forced myself too. all day it s been happening, thinking i see things like figures and having images that are horror related come into my head. every noise i hear i m instantly scared. has anyone had instances like this? it s getting to the point of when my dogs bark i start to cry because i m so scared.
every breath feels like a struggle, as my mind races with worst case scenarios and the weight of unmet expectations. another example my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me paralyzed with fear and unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. here are a few more examples 1. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. 2. the knot in my stomach grows tighter with every passing moment, as my mind spirals out of control with anxious thoughts. 3. my heart pounds in
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest of tasks.' 'my anxiety feels like a heavy fog, clouding my thoughts and making even the easiest decisions seem insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry, unable to escape the constant chatter in my head and the physical symptoms that come with it.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with thoughts i can't control, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by my anxiety.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me unable to breathe or think clearly, and trapping
inner voice whispers i can't do this... i'm drowning in this pool of work. each task is a relentless wave, crashing into me, making it difficult to catch my breath. each deadlined project a towering monument to my failure to prioritize. the phone keeps ringing, demanding answers, and my inbox is flooded with unanswered emails. the weight of expectations, both from myself and others, bearing down on me. the pressure building with every new responsibility thrust upon me. my heart races, my hands shake. i can't take it. i feel trapped, as if caught in a nightmare that i can't wake up from.
their heart rate is increasing, palms are clammy, they re trying to stay calm but feeling as though they re about to have a panic attack. the setting is an airport, with many people milling about and their flight is delayed. the anxious person is trying to focus on their breath but keeps getting drawn back to their racing thoughts. inner monologue ugh, i can't do this. the crowded airport, the bustling noise, the chaotic scene before me is making my heart race. my palms are clammy, hands shaking slightly. deep breaths. in and out. breathe. i need to focus. i've been like this for weeks,
inner monologue my heart is racing, and my breaths are shallow and irregular. why can't i calm down? i keep replaying the incident over and over in my head. the way her tone changed when she spoke my name, the flicker of anger in her eyes, the harshness in her words... it all seems so surreal now, yet i can still feel the sting of those words like they were carved into my very soul. and what about that look on his face when she stormed out? was it triumph or disappointment? or maybe he was just caught off guard. but whatever it was, it only intensified my unease, my sense of dread. what
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind races with worries and fears, no matter where i am or what i'm doing. it's like a never ending storm inside me. every little thing seems to trigger my anxiety, making it difficult to focus and enjoy life. i'm tired of feeling this way, but it feels like an uphill battle. i wish i could just press pause and take a break from my thoughts.
every thought in my head echoes with uncertainty, as if i'm constantly second guessing my own existence. the constant knot in my stomach keeps me awake at night, fearing the unknown and worrying about the past. my mind is a jumbled mess of irrational thoughts and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. anxiety clutches my thoughts like a vice, making it hard to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling lost and powerless against my
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest tasks. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant fear and uncertainty, where every decision feels like a matter of life and death. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless against the onslaught of anxiety. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different scenarios, keeping me awake long into the night. anxiety clutches at my every thought, leaving me feeling fragile and vulnerable, unable to escape its grasp. my mind is a storm of un
one example of an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everybody finds out i'm not as competent as they think i am? , or what if i embarrass myself in front of my colleagues and clients? . this thought can be accompanied by intense feelings of fear and dread, and might even lead to avoidance behaviors, such as avoiding public speaking opportunities. such thoughts can be a part of various anxiety disorders, including social anxiety disorder, and can significantly impact an individual's daily functioning and overall quality of life.
this could include their thoughts, feelings and self talk that occur internally in response to a stressor. use strong, vivid, and descriptive language to convey the intensity and urgency of the emotions. in the stillness of the gloom filled night, i clung to the frayed remnants of sanity, barely discernible amidst the tempest of torment wracking my spirit. my heart thundered against my ribcage, as if propelled by an unseen hand, fueled by adrenaline coursing through my veins in electric currents that seemed to snatch control of my every thought, every feeling. i'm drowning, i whispered
also, provide a cbt response and coping skills for that thought. example a person might have the anxious thought, i have to get that promotion, or i'll never be successful in my career. cbt response 1. identify the thought as an anxiety provoking belief. 2. examine the evidence for and against the belief a. evidence for i need to advance in my career to feel satisfied and accomplish my goals. b. evidence against i've made progress in my career and achieved several milestones without holding a high level position. 3. recognize the thought as an extreme or distorted interpretation of the
inner monologue deep sigh today was another long, tiring day. the stress is building up inside me, creeping up from my chest, squeezing every last drop of energy from my body. the clock in the corner mocks me, the numbers tauntingly counting the seconds before it's time for another endless night of restless sleep. my heart pounds as my mind spirals into worry. bills piling up. money dwindling. deadlines at work closing in. the weight of responsibility pressing down on me. i can barely keep my head above water and the tides are only getting rougher. the fear of failure gnaws at me. i re
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. anxiety clutches my thoughts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and overwhelming. the weight of my worries presses down on me, threatening to consume me whole. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry and fear, unable to break free from the grip of my anxious mind. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of logic and reason, leaving me frozen in fear and doubt. my thoughts race at a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and overwhelmed by
when anxiety kills me anyway. i'm going through the anxiety for a long time and got high blood pressure too.my cardiologist said it's all about anxiety what i really feel so.then went to my psychiatrist to help me out once again and got some medicine named esita 10 mg and tanocab 50mg.last 8 months i took the medicine and still on.it made some kind of help like i got no panic attack and blood pressure is quite normal.but problem is when i take the medicine, i feel like it's not good for my health and then it creates anxiety again.it kills me anyway.does anybody help me out?well,i'm 26.
my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. every breath i take feels like an effort, as my anxiety clutches my chest and leaves me feeling helpless. my thoughts race a million miles per hour, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the fear consuming me. anxiety has me in its grip, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant churning in my mind. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a jumbled mess of worry and fear, leaving me feeling powerless against the tide of anxiety. my thoughts are a never ending cycle, leaving
in the quiet of the dimly lit room, i sat huddled in the corner, my chest tightening with each shallow breath. the weight of my responsibilities bore down on me, an unrelenting force that threatened to crush me. what have i gotten myself into? i whispered to myself, my voice quavering with fear. how did i let it all get so out of hand? i closed my eyes, trying to block out the relentless mental chatter that threatened to overwhelm me. the looming deadlines, the mounting bills, the endless expectations it all swirled around me like a maelstrom, pulling me under with its powerful current
in the dimly lit room, my heart beats erratically, as if trying to keep time with the chaotic rhythm of my thoughts. my breaths, shallow and quick, mirror the constant churning in the depths of my mind. the ticking clock seems to mock my inability to slow down. every nerve ending in my body is alive, each one tingling with the raw anticipation of the unknown. i clasp my hands together, feeling the heat of my own skin, yet it seems alien, unfamiliar. my body betrays me, betraying the image i've tried to project for so long. my thoughts circle around and around, spiraling deeper and dark
in the dimly lit room, my heart beats erratically, echoing in my chest, an unsettling drumroll that marches on, relentless and inescapable. my breaths, shallow and uneven, hitch and catch in the back of my throat, as if the very air around me is becoming increasingly thin, difficult to inhale. my eyes dart around the space, settling on the various shadows that dance upon the walls, whispering of danger. my mind reels with the myriad of thoughts that course through it like a chaotic torrent, each thought more terrifying than the last. the fear creeps in like a fog, clouding my judgment,
this inner monologue should revolve around a significant event or fear, with detailed analysis and emotions. title the ache of regret in the quiet, stillness of the moonlit night, i find myself once again in the vicious grip of anxiety. the dark, looming shadows of my past have returned, wrapping themselves around me like a choking vine, their icy tendrils sinking their way into my very being. a particular memory, a moment frozen in time, has taken hold of me. the ache of regret gnaws at my heart, and i can't seem to escape its grasp. as i lay in the darkness, my thoughts spiral out of
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, keeping me up at night and leaving me drained during the day. every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the thought of failure looms large, leaving me paralyzed with fear. my thoughts race through my mind like a never ending train, and i can't seem to find a way to slow down and catch my breath. i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next disaster to strike, and the fear of the unknown leaves me feeling helpless and powerless. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to focus on anything else.
in the quiet of the night, the darkness surrounds me like a blanket of lead. my thoughts race, each one more overwhelming than the last, each one threatening to suffocate me. the pressure in my chest builds, my heart thumps against my ribs. my mind reels, a chaotic jumble of worst case scenarios and what ifs. i'm drowning in a sea of worry, my mind a stormy sea, my thoughts turbulent and relentless. the world fades away, leaving me alone in the black void, a prisoner of my own anxiety. how can i escape this suffocating embrace? how can i find peace in the midst of this chaos? and, as i
my mind is a relentless storm of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts.' 'i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, each one building on the next until i'm consumed by a wave of fear and uncertainty.' 'the weight of my worries bears down on me, heavy and unyielding, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless against their tide.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, a chaotic whirlwind that leaves me feeling disoriented and unable
i can't do this, i just can't. my heart races, my mind reels, and my thoughts are consumed by a single question what if i fail? the fear gnaws at me, tearing away at my confidence and leaving me feeling small, insignificant, and alone. the world around me is a blur, filled with people who seem to have it all figured out. they radiate self assurance, their voices ringing out with conviction. i'm the only one doubting, questioning, second guessing. the weight of expectation rests heavily on my shoulders, pressing down on me, suffocating me. every decision i make is a potential landmine,
inner voice sighs deeply another day, another dollar, right? i mean, it's just another monday. but why does it feel like the weight of the world is on my shoulders today? the alarm clock blared too loud this morning, waking me from a fitful sleep. i rolled out of bed, dragging my feet to the kitchen to start the coffee. but the usual comforting aroma of freshly brewed coffee seemed to be absent this morning. instead, i was met with a sense of dread. anxious thoughts what if today is the day my boss decides to let me go? what if i make a mistake that costs the company millions? what if
thought i can't do this, my heart races, my mind spirals, and i can't catch a breath. it feels like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. i wish i could just turn them off, but i know that's not an option. i'm stuck in this cycle of fear and uncertainty, and i don't know how to break free. the person in this thought is experiencing the debilitating effects of anxiety. they feel like they are being consumed by their thoughts and are unable to escape the cycle of fear and uncertainty. anxiety can be overwhelming and make even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. it's important to remember
my mind is a storm of thoughts and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety has a grip on me, making me feel powerless and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'every breath i take feels like a struggle, as my thoughts race and my body tenses, unable to find peace.' 'the weight of uncertainty and worry sits heavily on my shoulders, making it hard to move forward or relax.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a jumbled mess, unable to focus on anything but the fear and doubt that consumes me.' 'the world around me seems to blur
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, as if the next decision could be the one that sends me spiraling. anxiety claws at my thoughts, leaving me second guessing myself and my abilities, paralyzing me from moving forward. each breath feels like a struggle, my mind a constant whirlwind of what ifs and worst case scenarios. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, drowning out the present moment and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the mental prison that keeps me from experiencing the world around me. fear grips
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the swirling thoughts in my mind. the constant knot in my stomach and the inability to breathe normally is a constant reminder of my anxiety's grip on me. i feel like i'm stuck in my own head, unable to break free from the relentless cycle of worry and fear. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different thoughts, making it impossible for me to find peace. anxiety has become my constant companion, a dark cloud that follows me everywhere i go, casting a shadow over my every moment.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, each thought amplifying my fear, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling trapped, as my thoughts spiral out of control and my heart races in response. the weight of my worries feels like a heavy burden, pressing down on me and leaving me feeling helpless, as my mind races with thoughts i can't escape. fear grips me in its icy grasp, my heart pounding in my chest as my mind races with a million different scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts
in your own words, explore what might be going on in their thoughts, emotions, and actions as a result. title buried beneath the mountain of anxiety interior monologue of jane, a young and dedicated single mother of two young kids my heart races, a cacophony of palpitations pounding beneath my breastbone. sweat prickles my forehead, tickling my skin like the icy tendrils of winter's grasp. i bite my bottom lip, seeking solace in the familiar sting, while my eyes scan the endless cluttered mounds of toys, discarded clothing, and school papers covering every inch of my living room floor
then, using socratic questioning, help them to question their thoughts and challenge any unhelpful beliefs. anxious thought i'm not good enough to get this job. they'll find out i'm a fraud and i'll be humiliated. question 1 what evidence do you have that you're not good enough for the job? question 2 have you made mistakes in the past? if so, did those mistakes prevent you from getting other jobs or achieving other goals? question 3 are there specific aspects of the job for which you feel unprepared? can you find resources or seek advice to improve in those areas? question 4 what are
use first person point of view and use 3 literary techniques in the following paragraph. i gaze at the endless expanse of the starless night, the quiet stillness shattered by my racing thoughts. the incessant ticking of the clock amplifies my fear, each second an enemy that refuses to yield. my breaths come in shallow gulps, a testament to the grip my anxiety holds on me, the iron clasp that refuses to loosen, and the paralyzing fear that i am powerless against. this darkness has grown a beast, feeding off my uncertainty and fear, and i am but a hapless captive in its insidious grasp.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and my mind races with what ifs, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the present. the world around me seems to move in slow motion as my thoughts spiral out of control, consumed by fear and self doubt. my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears, making it impossible to find peace and tranquility within myself. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. anxiety grips me like a vice, holding me captive in a whirlwind of fear and self
thought why is my mind so loud and chaotic right now? every worry and fear jostles for attention, creating a whirlwind of anxiety in my head. i feel as though i'm being pulled in a million different directions, drowning in a sea of endless thoughts. how can i quiet the storm raging inside me? imagine a soothing voice whispering these calming words voice breathe, my dear. close your eyes and focus on your breath. feel the air fill your lungs and empty them, grounding you in the present moment. with each inhale, imagine a gentle wave washing away your worries and fears. with each exhale
emetophobia i'm so tired of thinking about the stomach bug constantly. i can't even have a normal life. im so worried about every meal becoming the one i have to throw up later. i worry my kids are gonna wake up and be sick with the stomach bug. it's a constant thought on my brain from the minute i wake up to the next time i wake up in the middle of the night. the only relief i get is when i have a wake up in the middle of the night and feel somewhat normal and then the sense of dread comes to my brain like...maybe this is my last hour feeling normal and i'm gonna start vomiting soon.
deep, labored breaths echo through the room as the clock on the kitchen wall ticks away. sweat begins to form on the anxious individual's brow. thoughts swirl in their mind like a whirlpool of doubt and fear. their heart beats furiously against their chest, sending waves of panic through their veins. images of the past and potential scenarios of the future flash before their eyes. a million thoughts coalesce into one cacophony, clawing at their sanity. i can't do this. i can't go through with it. their eyes dart from side to side, searching for an escape. they try to ground themselves
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like being trapped in a storm, where the rain is a constant barrage of negative thoughts. every interaction, every decision, every simple task, feels like a mountain to climb. i'm drowning in fear and self doubt. i can't help but feel like i'm one wrong move away from being exposed, and the world will see me for who i truly am flawed, imperfect, and unworthy.
what are some strategies this person might use to manage their anxiety? thought i feel like my mind is racing a marathon without a finish line. my heart beats faster with every passing second, and my palms are drenched in sweat. i'm finding it difficult to focus on anything but the gnawing sensation in my stomach and the crushing weight on my chest. i'm constantly second guessing myself, doubting every decision i make, and worrying about every potential outcome. i fear that i'm losing control, and it's consuming me. i need help i can't keep living like this. strategies 1. identify the
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the endless stream of worries in my head. the weight of my fears feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe or think clearly. my heart races and my palms sweat as i try to suppress the incessant thoughts, but they refuse to be silenced, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. i feel as though i m constantly on edge, ready to be caught off guard by the next anxiety
the thoughts race and interconnect uncontrollably what if i've made a mistake? what if i missed a crucial detail or a step? what if it's too late to fix this and everyone finds out? i've worked so hard on this, and all it takes is one little misstep and it's all for nothing. but what was that misstep? what did i do differently this time compared to all the other times when i succeeded? could it be that my mind is slipping? that i'm not capable of handling these responsibilities anymore? i can't let everyone down. they've put their trust in me and i can't disappoint them. but how can i
this is an attempt to provide some insight into the workings of the anxious mind and offer suggestions for ways to help them cope with their distress. inner monologue of an anxious person oh, god, i can't do this. i can't go to that party tonight. i can't be around all those people, the constant chatter, the laughter, the judgement, the stares. what if i say something stupid? what if they laugh at me? what if i trip and fall? what if someone asks me about my recent projects and i can't come up with anything to say? what if i just stand there, staring blankly into space, like an idiot?
i don t know if i can do this. i mean, i ve been here before, in this dark and confusing place, and i ve never managed to find my way out. the tightness in my chest feels more oppressive with each passing moment, and my heart hammers wildly in my ribcage. my thoughts spin in a dizzying vortex, making it impossible for me to focus on anything other than the crushing weight of my anxiety. the noise of the world around me is a cacophony that threatens to drown me in a sea of despair. i can feel my breaths growing shorter and shallower, and the sweat beading on my forehead as my body pre
lack of appetite for months..anxiety? been like this for a while now and dont know of it is anxiety or depression but i have lack of appetite and losing weight. been to the docs but always brushed off as anxiety. is it really this bad ?blood work has been done multiple times i know they dont show everything wrong but would there be a red flag that they would loook more into? i just wanna enjoy eating again. whenever i do force myself i dont have any problems at all but i dont get a full feeling either its weird. also having problems with pooping but i guess its because im eating less
one common example of an anxious thought is, what if i forget the important points i need to make during my presentation at work? i'll embarrass myself and the company, people will think less of me, and i'll lose my job. this thought can lead to feelings of nervousness, self doubt, and anxiety, which can impair a person's performance during the presentation. it is essential to recognize and challenge such thoughts, rather than allowing them to snowball into a worst case scenario. instead, one can practice preparing thoroughly for the presentation and focusing on the positive outcome.
the world around me seems to spin in an endless circle, a carousel of overwhelming sensations and intrusive thoughts. each inhale feels a struggle, the breath snared within my own tension, the exhale a slow release, reluctant. my heart thumps steadily beneath the surface, a timekeeper, unforgiving. i feel my body's edges fraying each nerve is a wire, electrified and vulnerable. i wonder how it all began. perhaps it was a long forgotten comment or a fleeting moment of misunderstanding that started the chain reaction of self questioning, self scrutiny. my thoughts waltz with the what i
this inner monologue should describe a current situation or a series of events that is making the person anxious, as well as how their anxiety is affecting their thoughts and emotions. inner monologue god, this traffic is unbearable. i'm supposed to be at that appointment in twenty minutes and i'm still stuck in the jam. my heart is racing and my palms are sweating. why can't i just be on time for once? i can't take this. i need to find a way out of this, but every exit i approach is blocked. why did this have to happen now? my thoughts are a chaotic mishmash of worst case scenarios.
my mind is a storm of constant worry and fear, making it impossible to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. my thoughts race a thousand miles per hour, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment of peace. anxiety claws at me from the inside, filling me with an overwhelming sense of dread and unease. the weight of uncertainty sits heavy on my shoulders, paralyzing me with fear and doubt. fear grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts. anxiety gnaws at me, a constant reminder of my inadequacies and the perceived dangers
high energy does anyone else feel so stressed and anxious all the time that when they get in social settings they are seen as neurotic because they are so loud and energetic, but also say weird things and then think about how embarrassing that was over and over? just looking to not feel so alone because i feel annoying, but also if someone has tips on how to be calm that would be great thanks. when i am alone i use all this energy in a productive way to do my job or chores around the house but when im with people i word vomit or say bad jokes, or quite literally bounce off the walls.
how does the voice in his her head affect their perception and response to a stressful situation? anxious person ap heart pounding, breaths quickening i can't believe this is happening again. the voice in my head is growing louder, harsher. it's telling me i'm not good enough, that i'll mess everything up. i can feel my anxiety spiraling out of control. the situation at hand seems to loom larger with every passing second, the stakes higher, the consequences more dire. i try to focus, to silence the voice, to concentrate on the task at hand, but it's like trying to block out a thunder
they've received a mysterious invitation to a dinner party at an unfamiliar location, and they're torn between their fear of the unknown and their desire for social connection. inner monologue oh god, what's this? another fucking invitation. why can't i just say no? but what if i don't go? what if i miss out on something amazing? but what if it's a trap? what if they're all out to get me? my heart races as i unfold the mysterious parchment before me. a dinner party, at an unfamiliar location. a new experience, or a potential disaster? i thought i was getting better. i thought i could
in the depths of my anxious thoughts, i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of worry and fear. my heart races, my mind races faster, and i can't seem to catch a moment's peace. the world around me feels heavy and overwhelming, and i'm trapped in my own mind. i can't focus on anything but the whirlwind of negative thoughts that consume me. i long for the calm and stillness that i know exists, but it seems unreachable. the weight of the world presses down on me, and i'm left feeling helpless and powerless against the onslaught of anxiety. in moments like these, i remind myself that i'm not
facial weakness scare i'm usually a lurker on this subreddit and i come visit only when i have a minor disease fear. this time, one thing really got me. i just realised that i can't move the lower right half of my face as good as the lower left one. i don't want to exaggerate it, all the muscles are responding, but it looks like the left ones are just doing their job better. a part of me doesn't really care about this and would probably laugh about this situation as i'm under 25, but the other part thinks this is a sign of cancer or ms and this is the beginning of the end. i hate ha.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace in the moment. or, anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions. or, my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with endless 'what if' scenarios, leaving me trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. or, the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. or, my nerves are on edge, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable
my mind is a whirlwind of unhelpful thoughts, keeping me awake at night and robbing me of the present moment. i'm constantly on edge, every noise, every shadow a potential threat, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my chest, making it hard to breathe and focus on anything but the fear gnawing at me. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last until i'm consumed by a tidal wave of worry and uncertainty. my heart races, my hands tremble, and my mind races with a million scenarios, leaving me feeling helpless and paraly
the dialogue should incorporate the feeling of time flying or moving too fast. inner dialogue breathe...in, out. time is moving too fast, it's slipping through my fingers like sand. the clock on the wall mockingly ticks off another minute, another second. how did i get here? i had a routine day at work, nothing extraordinary. i came home and found myself lost in the maze of my thoughts. time, always the illusionist, had tricked me again. i had meant to accomplish so much more today, but now it's slipping away, faster than i can keep up. i try to focus, to anchor myself in the present
employee assistance programs i have adhd, anxiety, go through cycles of depression, a mild eating disorder, a family history of suicide attempts i am not in any danger , and a high stakes job. recently, i have been failing to meet expectations, having concentration and memory failures due to stress. i have been referred to the employee assistance program for free counseling that will report to my employer. what exactly should i tell this person? i would love to hear and learn from the experiences of others before i say the wrong thing and get myself fired. it may already be too late.
they are in a crowded room and are having a panic attack. they have reached out for help and are waiting for assistance from the person they have spoken to. person to themselves i can't do this, not here, not now. my heart is racing, and my breathing feels labored. everybody's faces are a blur, and i can't concentrate on anything but the feeling of fear coursing through my veins. why did this happen here, of all places? i came here expecting to enjoy myself, to socialize, to engage with others. instead, i'm paralyzed by anxiety and the weight of my own thoughts. i know i'm not alone.
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter in my mind.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'my mind races with fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'the weight of worry and stress bears down on me, making it hard to catch my breath and focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the cyclical pattern of fear and anxiety that consumes me.' 'the kn
in the depths of my mind, a storm raged. my thoughts, once tranquil and orderly, had given way to a tempest of anxiety. it started with a faint pang in my chest, a subtle discomfort that i initially shrugged off. but it grew, a creeping sensation that spread through me like ivy, tangling itself around my emotions, my thoughts, my very being. i clutched at its root, trying to stanch the tide that threatened to overwhelm me, but the more i fought, the stronger it became. why now? i pondered, as if searching for an answer in the chaos. i thought i had this under control. i was managing
what is going through his or her mind when the doctor confirms their diagnosis? inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest as i sit in the sterile hospital room, waiting for the doctor to walk in. i clasp my hands together, trying to hide the tremble that runs through them. what if? what if the news is bad? what if the doctor confirms my worst fears? my mind races with every what if scenario i can imagine. the door creaks open and the doctor walks in, a neutral expression on his face. he closes the door behind him, and my breath hitches. this is it, i tell myself. i look up at him,
then write a quote and discuss its meaning as it pertains to the anxiety experience. personal thought i can't breathe, my heart races, and my mind is spiraling out of control. it feels like a never ending loop of worry and fear. quote anxiety is like a forest fire in your mind. all those thoughts are fears, racing, chasing each other, and the result is a burned out shell. stephanie d. o'malley discussion this quote speaks to the all consuming nature of anxiety, describing it as a wildfire in the mind, consuming every thought and leaving one feeling empty and exhausted. it emphasizes
the anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work, and everyone realizes i'm not as competent as they thought i was? i'll be humiliated, and i might even lose my job. this thought can trigger feelings of fear, self doubt, and nervousness, making it difficult for the person to focus on the task at hand. they may spend a lot of time rehearsing their presentation, seeking reassurance from colleagues, or avoiding situations where they might have to present. these behaviors can interfere with their work performance and overall well being.
inner monologue i can't breathe. my heart is racing and my hands are shaking. why did this happen? how did i get myself into this situation? i thought i had everything under control, but now everything seems to be spiraling out of my grasp. my thoughts are a chaotic whirlpool of fears and anxieties. i should have known better, i should have seen it coming. i can't believe i've put myself in this predicament. what if something goes wrong? what if i make a mistake? what will people think of me? of all the things that could have happened, this is just not fair. i need to stay calm, but
inner dialogue breathe, jess. just breathe. the tension is building, creeping up your spine, pulling the corners of your mouth into a thin line. your heart is racing, palpitating, pounding in your chest. this couldn't be happening right now. why did it have to happen at this exact moment? what will people think? the anxiety begins to swirl in your mind, gnawing at your thoughts like a hungry beast. your to do list is endless, the weight of expectations piled high on your shoulders. you're one misstep away from disaster. it's paralyzing. the fear takes hold, squeezing the life out of
the clock on the wall reads three a.m. the soft, ethereal beep of the clock continues unyielding through the tranquility of the dark hours. three am the crucible of insomniac anxiety. three am a time that signifies the zenith of all that s amiss in this troubled life. every second ticks past, a chorus of relentless mockery and accusation. the oppressive weight of worry clamps around the chest, smothering the windpipe with the icy grasp of fear. how cruel that these thoughts would wage an internal war during these fragile hours when dreams are most vulnerable, the nighttime sanctuary
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. my hands tremble as i try to hold on to rational thoughts, but the relentless storm of worry and uncertainty in my mind threatens to consume me entirely. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped in a maze of fear and uncertainty. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me unable to breathe or think clearly, as i struggle to find a way to break free from its suffocating embrace. i'm drowning in
hanta virus hello, about two weeks ago in central alberta we were cleaning out a rental. i was sick already so just simply crashed on the mattress in the basement with the lights on. last week i seem to have gotten over the initial flue but have started to have headaches, vomiting etc. sore muscles in my legs and lower back and one hell of a cough. nothing coming up with the cough and no runny nose or anything. i feel very tired all the time, and it seems to be getting worse. its likely that its just a flu coming back, but am starting to get someone nervous it could be hantaviruous.
in the dim recesses of my mind, an unwelcome thought sneaks in, insidiously taking hold of my thoughts, wrapping itself around my very being like a vicious tendril, choking the life out of my sanity. my heart races, pounding frantically against the cage of my chest, filling every empty crevice with an almost unbearable sense of dread. my breath comes in ragged gasps, my body trembles and i struggle to maintain a semblance of control, even as the icy fingers of panic dig deeply into my soul, gripping me in a vice like embrace. my thoughts spiral in a frenzied dance of fear and doubt,
my mind is a chaotic storm of thoughts and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to quiet the storm within.' 'anxiety grips my chest like a vice, suffocating me with worry and doubt, and leaving me unable to focus on anything but the relentless turmoil.' 'every breath feels like a struggle, as my mind races through endless scenarios, leaving me paralyzed by fear and uncertainty.' 'fear claws at my heart, leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed, unable to escape the tight grip it has on me.' 'anxiety's relentless grip leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in my own thoughts
i can't do this. i just can't. the thoughts swirling in my head grow louder with every passing moment, each one a burden heavier than the last. the pressure to perform, to meet expectations, to exceed them, builds within me like a geyser waiting to erupt. my heart beats wildly against my chest, faster and faster until my vision begins to blur, my breath hitching with each shallow gasp. what if i fail? what if i let myself down, my family down, the organization down? i close my eyes, seeking solace in the darkness. i can't breathe, i can't think, i can't move. all that remains is the
this doesn t have to be a full blown panic attack just feeling anxious about a situation or something in their life. i ll start us off why can t i just enjoy this beautiful day like everyone else? the weight of expectations gnaws at me from all sides, each responsibility a tightrope i must balance on before i fall. here's one from me my heart races as i check and recheck the deadline for this project. what if i fail, despite all my hard work? the fear of letting down my team keeps me awake at night. how about why do i feel this intense, inexplicable fear before making a simple phone
the example of an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during my work presentation and my colleagues lose confidence in me? this thought can lead to a vicious cycle of worrying, anxiety, and fear, which can impair their performance, focus, and productivity. this thought pattern is common in anxiety disorders, particularly social anxiety disorder and performance anxiety. it's important to acknowledge these thoughts and engage in coping strategies such as positive self talk, deep breathing, and visualization to manage anxiety and improve overall well being.
my mind is racing, i can't focus, i'm so anxious i can barely breathe. i can't believe this is happening to me again. i just want it to stop. i can't handle this feeling anymore. it's consuming me. i. understanding anxiety anxiety is a normal response to stressors and danger. it's a feeling of apprehension, fear, or unease about an uncertain event or situation. however, when anxiety becomes overwhelming, it can interfere with daily activities, relationships, and overall quality of life. ii. reality check when experiencing overwhelming anxiety, it's essential to recognize the present
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter in my mind.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'my mind races with fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'the weight of worry and stress bears down on me, making it hard to catch my breath and focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the cyclical pattern of fear and anxiety that consumes me.' 'the kn
in the endless maelstrom of swirling thoughts, anxiety tugs at every fiber of my being, clinging like an invasive vine. fears twist like vines, tangling my consciousness with unyielding grip, suffocating every ounce of logic. i struggle, striving to free my mind from its tenacious hold, yet the relentless currents of thought draw me ever further into its treacherous embrace. a sense of impending doom looms like a storm cloud, hanging heavily over my day, its rumbling growl shaking my very foundations. an avalanche of unchecked worries, each as unrelenting as the last, threatens to b
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a constant storm of anxious thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a maze of fear and self doubt. my mind races with a thousand 'what ifs', and every decision feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and uncertain. the weight of my worries feels unbearable, and i can't seem to find a moment of calm or clarity amidst the chaos of my anxious thoughts. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, making it impossible to focus on anything but the fear of what could go wrong.' 'anxiety grips me, my thoughts racing faster than my heartbeat, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, my mind a jumbled mess of what ifs and worst case scenarios.' 'my mind is a storm of negative thoughts, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to find calm in the chaos.
my mind is a storm of worries and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. another example anxiety clutches at my chest, robbing me of tranquility and leaving me feeling helpless. fear and apprehension grip my thoughts, clouding my judgment and leaving me feeling powerless. my mind races with negative thoughts, making it difficult to slow down and find solace in the present moment. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and uncertainty, unable to escape the grip of my racing thoughts. my heart pounds in my chest as fear and doubt consume me, leaving me feeling unable to
every time i think about the upcoming presentation, my mind spins in circles, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in a sea of anxious thoughts.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing like a freight train, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the relentless cycle of worry and fear.' 'anxiety claws at my mind, tearing away at my focus and leaving me feeling helpless as i try to quiet the storm of thoughts raging within me.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a whirlwind of uncertainty and fear, as i struggle to find a way to calm the relentless tide of anxious
in the dimly lit room, my heart thumps against my chest, my mind whirls in a tornado of fear and uncertainty. i clutch the steaming mug of coffee in my hands, the warmth barely penetrating the icy grip of my anxiety. the clock on the wall ticks incessantly, mocking my every moment, reminding me of the time slipping away. the deadlines loom, the expectations weighing heavy on my shoulders, each breath i take a labored effort, my lungs fighting against the knots in my throat. a thousand what ifs swirl through my mind, a vortex of fear that threatens to consume me whole. what if i can
16 and worried about my weight i'm a 16 year old male and i've always been really underweight and i have a terrible diet, rarely eat fruit or veg. when i was 12 i was 4.5 stone, and now that i'm 16 i average at around 7 stone. since i've always been underweight, i've never really worried about it but recently i've started to worry, it makes sense because of my terrible diet, and that i never exercise, but with all this anxiety about my health i've started to worry, is this something i should be worried about? or is it as simple as eating healthier and getting more exercise, thanks.
what words would the character use to describe the sensation? character deep, shuddering breath oh god, i can't do this. my heart is racing, my palms are sweating, and my mind is a tornado of anxious thoughts. i'm so scared, i don't know if i can handle this. it's like my body is betraying me, making me feel this overwhelming sense of fear and dread. my thoughts are jumbled, my decisions uncertain. this stress is eating me alive, consuming every ounce of my energy and focus. i need to calm down, but how? how can i quiet the storm inside me and find peace in the midst of this chaos?
in the stillness of the dark, i lay awake, gripped by the weight of a thousand uncertainties. the silence of the room seemed to only amplify the chaos raging within me. heart pounding in my chest, i tried in vain to quiet the swirling thoughts that threatened to consume me. what if i fail? what if i can't do it? i've always relied on my strengths, on my ability to face challenges head on, but suddenly the fear of the unknown had me frozen, paralyzed. i closed my eyes, searching for that elusive sense of calm that had eluded me for hours. but the darkness behind my lids only brought
inner monologue my heart is racing, pounding against my chest with each passing second. i can't seem to calm down, the knots in my stomach grow tighter with every breath. what if something bad happens? the what ifs start to spiral out of control. what if i'm not good enough? what if they find out? what if they leave? my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of anxiety and fear, threatening to consume me whole. i force myself to take deep breaths, to quiet the relentless thoughts, but they persist. they won't leave me alone. i'm trapped in this endless cycle, a prisoner to my own thoughts and
every breath feels labored, and my mind is a never ending whirlpool of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty.' or, 'my thoughts race like a freight train, yet i'm frozen in place, unable to act or even make a decision, as the weight of anxiety presses down on me.' 'the world around me is a blur, and i can't seem to focus on anything other than the incessant chatter in my head, making it impossible to live in the present moment.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, constantly replaying past mistakes and imagining worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling helpless and
every time i face a new situation, my mind fills with doubts and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind. my anxiety claws at me like a wild beast, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the constant churning of my thoughts. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, making even the smallest decisions feel like a mountain to climb. my heart races and my palms sweat as i try to keep my anxiety at bay, but it always seems to find
i'm consumed by a constant storm of worry and fear, where even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my mind is a chaotic whirlpool, pulling me under with each new thought, leaving me unable to break free from its grasp. the weight of my anxieties presses down on me like a heavy burden, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. every nerve in my body is on high alert, sending jolts of fear and unease through me at the slightest provocation. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, careening through my mind with no end in sight, leaving me feeling disoriented and overwhelmed.
in the dim recesses of the night, where the boundary between dreams and reality is obliterated, i find myself tumbling down a dark and winding path, a labyrinth of my own mind. each twig beneath my feet, each whispered rustle in the undergrowth, awakens a fresh jolt of terror in the depths of my being, as ancient, primal fears resurface from the unconscious, like vengeful specters determined to wreak havoc upon my fragile psyche. my breath comes in ragged, desperate gasps, each inhalation a struggle, each exhalation a shuddering sigh that releases the icy tendrils of fear that grip
make sure you incorporate body sensations and thought processes. body my heart is pounding, racing in my chest like a wild stallion trying to break free from its stable. beads of sweat gather at the corners of my eyes, slipping down my forehead and tracing paths of fear through my scalp. my palms slicken, as though i've dipped them in oil, and my fingers tremble with the weight of unspoken thoughts. my stomach is a ball of anxiety, a knotted mass of fear that twists and coils, tightening around my vital organs and squeezing out my courage. mind what if they're right? what if i can
fear of hiv and hiv test i m a homosexual guy and i performing oral sex to the stranger in oct 2017 which is 3 months ago. he ejaculated in my mouth but i spit away. recently i encountered with muscle aches and fatigue. i googled the symptoms and all bring me to hiv related. some sources stated it s extremely low to get infected but i m still anxious about it. i want to get tested but the process of waiting the result is torturous. plus i scared of needle and blood very much. and too many what ifs on my mind right now. this is crazy and drive me insane. sigh i hate myself... help!
my mind is a swirling chaos of thoughts, a cacophony of worries and fears. each one threatening to swallow me whole. i can't focus, can't breathe, can't escape. the world around me fades, leaving only the crushing weight of anxiety bearing down on me. i'm trapped in a cycle, drowning in my own thoughts. i wish for a moment of peace, a moment to breathe, to just be. but the relentless onslaught of anxiety continues, a constant reminder of the battles yet to come. it feels like an impossible mountain to climb, but i must keep trying. for my own sake, for those around me. i won't let
inner monologue the clock is ticking, each second passing like an eternity. i can feel the tension creeping up my spine, coiling itself around my brain, tightening my muscles, my breaths growing shallower. i'm late. not just fashionably late. not even just late. i'm significantly late, and for the first time in my life, it doesn't seem to be a minor issue. the event starts in thirty minutes, but it might as well be three minutes or thirty hours the concept of time has eluded me as stress consumes me whole. my mind races, churning out what ifs and maybes, scenarios playing out like
my mind is a storm of endless worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape. another example every muscle in my body tenses up as i try to quiet the relentless chatter of my anxious thoughts. a third example the constant knot in my stomach keeps me awake at night, as i lie there, unable to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. a fourth example my breath hitches in my throat as i replay worst case scenarios in my mind, paralyzing me with fear and uncertainty. a fifth example my heart races and my palms sweat as i try to keep my
my mind is a storm of worry and doubt, each thought spiraling into a web of fear that consumes me.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, holding them hostage, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the relentless cycle of worry.' 'my nerves are on edge, the simplest task feeling like an insurmountable challenge, as fear grips me tighter with each passing moment.' 'every breath feels like a struggle, my chest tight and heavy, as the weight of anxiety presses down, suffocating me from the inside.' 'my thoughts race faster than a runaway train, my heart pounds in my chest
inner monologue oh no, not again. the beads of sweat started forming on my forehead, an unpleasant reminder of past struggles. my heart raced as though trying to break free from my ribcage, thumping an irregular tempo of dread and fear. i clutched the armrests, seeking solace in the rough texture, seeking grounding. i felt the weight of expectations crushing down upon me, the cacophony of my mind echoing a chorus of what ifs . i could barely hear myself think above the symphony of anxiety and doubt. why am i even here? the crowd, a blur of motion, voices, and colors, surrounded me
every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the fear of making the wrong one leaves me paralyzed and overwhelmed. my mind is a never ending loop of worry, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the constant stream of anxious thoughts. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to break free and find peace within myself. the weight of uncertainty is a heavy burden, and i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, struggling to keep my head above water. my thoughts race a thousand miles an hour, leaving me feeling disconnected from the present moment and
inner voice rapid breathing, racing heart oh no, not now. here i am, stuck in this crowded mall, the christmas music blaring in my ears, the holiday hustle and bustle threatening to swallow me whole. my hands are clammy, my palms slick with sweat. my heart pounds in my chest, a deafening drumbeat that threatens to shatter the fragile peace of this holiday season. i thought i had it under control, the anxiety, the panic. i took the medication, went to therapy, practiced mindfulness. i thought i was ready. but here i am, unable to catch my breath, feeling the familiar pangs of dread
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, and i can't seem to find any peace or respite from the relentless grip of anxiety.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear, each thought a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above the water.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, my thoughts a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling isolated and alone, longing for the calm and stillness beyond its reach
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, and i can't seem to find any peace or respite from the relentless grip of anxiety.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear, each thought a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above the water.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, my thoughts a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling isolated and alone, longing for the calm and stillness beyond its reach
as i lay here in the dark, my mind races through every possible worst case scenario. the more i focus on it, the harder it is to let go. fear has a grip on me, as strong as an icy vice. but in my deepest, most afraid moments, i still cling to the belief that god is good and he's walking me through this. it's the still small voice that cuts through the chaos, beckoning me back to peace and sanity. my anxiety has no hold on me, only a borrowed temporary permission. in the morning i will rise, reborn, reenergized, and ready to embrace another day, another challenge. i will breathe. i
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to function normally. every breath feels labored and every thought, a mountain to climb. the weight of anxiety is overwhelming. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, a prisoner to the endless cycle of fear and uncertainty. anxiety is a relentless storm inside me, drowning out rational thought and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. the grip of anxiety tightens around me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmount
in the third person. the sun dipped below the horizon, as the sky bled crimson and gold. dusk fell like a gentle curtain, enveloping the world in a soft shroud of twilight. yet, in the quiet recesses of the human heart, there was no solace. the world outside seemed to cradle the promise of serenity, yet inside the small apartment, fear danced like a frenetic specter, casting its oppressive shadow over its hapless victim, ben. ben tried to focus his mind, to concentrate on the fading light filtering through the narrow windowpane. the warmth and calm it offered seemed so distant as
the sound of shattering glass breaks their trance and brings them back to reality. they leap to their feet and begin to shake as they survey the scene around them. the voices in their head grow louder, more intense. inner voice whisper what have you done? did you leave that window open again? how many times do i have to remind you to close it? it's not like the wind will just blow a random rock through your goddamn fragile house! i swear to god, if something breaks because you can't remember one simple thing anxiety screams inwardly, drowning out the inner voice, heart racing no!
toxic squash syndrome ok so for dinner i had a vegan meal from the restaurant down the street. it had teriyaki chicken , brown rice, broccoli and pumpkin. about ten minutes in i started getting indigestion and about an hour later i began throwing up with slight abdominal discomfort. it s been about seven hours since i ate and the puking has finally subsided. how worried should i be? i m currently dog sitting and away from my partner and just giving myself anxiety thinking the way i m going to die is from a god damn pumpkin i ve been drinking water but still don t feel like eating
character emma emma sat alone in her cramped office cubicle, her mind a chaotic jumble of thoughts and emotions. a stack of reports, marked 'urgent' and 'overdue', teetered on her desk, a constant reminder of her failures. the clock on the wall ticked relentlessly, mocking her inadequacy. every passing second felt like an eternity. she closed her eyes, her breaths growing shallow as fear took hold. a single errant thought breached the fortress of her psyche what if i fail? she couldn't stomach the thought, her heart threatening to race out of her chest. the pressure to perform we
inner monologue my heart is pounding, i can't catch my breath. my mind races with what if scenarios. another deadline, another project hanging over my head, threatening to fall like a freight train. why does this always happen to me? my to do list is endless, and each task adds more stress to the next. i need to do better, be better. but how? my schedule is already jam packed. and the longer i push myself, the more frayed my nerves become. my hands tremble as i scroll through my messages, emails, tasks. the weight of responsibility feels insurmountable. but i can't let it show, i
in the dark recesses of my mind, thoughts jumbled and collided, careening through twisting corridors of uncertainty. my chest tightened as anxiety's icy tendrils coiled around my heart, each heartbeat echoing with a faint, muffled drumroll, an insidious reminder of the impending cataclysm that loomed just over the horizon of my fractured reality. my senses sharpened to a razor's edge, overloaded by the cacophony of my panicking mind. each tick of the clock was a dagger, a thousand tiny stings to my frayed nerves. i felt the walls closing in, the ground shifting beneath my feet. i
my mind is a never ending cycle of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness, no matter how hard i try. anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus on anything but my fears. my heart races, my mind races, and i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of dread and uncertainty, leaving me feeling paralyzed and helpless. the weight of anxiety sits heavy on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated. anxiety gnaws at me, a constant companion that leaves me feeling on
one common anxious thought a person might have is, i can't finish this project on time, and if i don't, i'll lose my job. i'm not good enough, i can't handle the pressure, and i'll let everyone down. this thought can lead to feelings of panic, stress, and fear, and can prevent the person from focusing on the task at hand. it's important to recognize that these thoughts are often not based in reality, but rather a product of anxiety and fear. by recognizing and challenging these thoughts, a person can learn to manage their anxiety and improve their mental and emotional well being.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one growing louder and more insistent, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing, my heart pounding, as if i'm always bracing myself for some impending disaster, even when there's no real danger present. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own mind, unable to escape the relentless cycle of negative thoughts and emotions, no matter how hard i try. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, each one a looming shadow that casts doubt and fear over every aspect of my life, leaving me
my mind is a whirlwind of uncertainties and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to focus on anything but my racing worries. the weight of my thoughts bears down on me, each one a boulder that's impossible to move, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my mind is a ticking time bomb, filled with worry and fear, making every moment a struggle to stay present and calm. fear gnaws at my heart, leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed, unable to shield myself from the onslaught of anxious
inner monologue heart racing, palms sweating, mind racing oh god, what have i done? this isn't how it was supposed to go. i've messed up, i just know it. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, crushing me beneath its unyielding expectations. the memories of the past few hours replay in my mind like a broken record, each detail shrouded in a haze of anxiety and fear. i should have known better, i should have been more careful. but no, i let my guard down, and now the consequences are staring me in the face. the consequences of my actions, the consequences of my decisions.
is it just me, or does merely learning about the body trigger some anxiety? i've just started taking a general biology class at uni. my professor is a microbiologist, so he knows a lot about infectious diseases and virus. he's somewhat informal, so he often goes on tangents about various diseases he's familiar with. it always scares the crap out of me! even learning about the physiology of the human body triggers my anxiety. my thoughts do, that sounds extremely important, and also delicate. if something goes wrong with this process, i'm screwed. does anyone else experience this?
what thoughts might be going through their mind as they face a crisis? inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest as the realization of the crisis hits me like a freight train. i can't believe this is happening. how could i have been so careless? my mind races with a million different thoughts, each more terrifying than the last. what if i can't handle this? what if i fail? i can't let that happen. i need to stay calm, to think clearly. but my thoughts won't settle. they bounce around my brain like ping pong balls, each one more devastating than the last. what if this is the end
this monologue may describe how the person is feeling both emotionally and physically, as well as any thoughts or concerns that are running through their mind. inner monologue of anxious person oh god, why am i like this? my heart races, and my mind won't slow down. my breathing feels labored, shallow, and inadequate for the oxygen my body demands. i am consumed by a cacophony of thoughts, each demanding my attention and fueling my panic. i can't focus, can't calm down, and it feels like i'm drowning in my own anxious thoughts. i need to breathe. in through my nose, hold it for a
one common anxious thought is, what if i can't handle this situation and everything i've worked for is ruined? this thought might occur when a person is facing a challenging situation at work, in their personal life, or in their studies. they might worry excessively about making a mistake or not being able to meet expectations, leading them to feel overwhelmed, anxious, and fearful of potential negative consequences. this thought can escalate, causing them to become preoccupied and unable to focus on the task at hand, ultimately affecting their performance and overall well being.
this inner dialogue is driven by fear, insecurity, and past traumas. the person struggles with negative self talk, racing thoughts, and anxiety attacks. despite wanting to find peace, they're plagued by doubts and apprehensions about themselves and the world around them. inner monologue i can't do this, i just can't. my heart pounds so loudly in my chest, drowning out the sound of my own thoughts. my palms slick with sweat, they tremble with every slight movement. fear knots my stomach, the familiar acidity signaling the imminent onset of another panic attack. why can't i just be
the scenario could range from social settings, fear of public speaking, to a personal struggle. use figurative language where you can to make it more vivid and relatable. i'm a ticking time bomb, a coiled snake ready to strike at any moment. every nerve ends hum with a steady undercurrent of dread. the walls press in on me, a crushing force, and i feel the air being drawn from my lungs, suffocating. i'm trapped, a bird in a gilded cage, a caged animal pacing restlessly. my heart slams against my ribs, a rabid drumbeat pounding out a disjointed rhythm. the clock's hands inexorably
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety. anxiety has a grip on me, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly on edge, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, and leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated. fear clutches my heart, leaving me frozen in place, unable to act or make decisions, as the paralyzing grip of anxiety holds me captive. anxiety steals my joy, leaving me feeling hollow
they are currently in a crowded place like a shopping mall or a bus station and are overwhelmed by the sights, sounds, and smells of their surroundings, as well as the hordes of people around them. inner monologue breathing heavily, my heart racing in my chest how did i end up here? in this sprawling mass of humanity, all moving and bumping into each other, jostling for position, reaching out, screaming out for my attention. the cacophony of sound is overwhelming every little noise echoing off the walls, piercing my ears and bouncing around in my skull. squinting through the haze
deep, labored breaths. heart racing. mind swirling. a thousand thoughts, a million fears, all colliding and clashing, vying for attention, demanding to be heard. eyes darting, fingers tapping, a nervous energy that won't be contained. and yet, in the midst of all this chaos, a voice. a voice, faint and distant at first, but growing louder, stronger, more insistent. the voice of reason, the voice of calm, the voice of self. why are you here? why are you in this place, in this situation, with these people? what are you even doing here? why did you let yourself get talked into this?
possible rabies exposure? we have a problem with animals getting into our trash, one of the wonderful perks of living so close to the woods. to make a long story short i fear that i somehow brought some wild animal saliva back onto a trashcan in my house, a trash can that i touched with an open cut on one of my fingers. this seems like i'm over reacting but i'm just so worried about the possibility of somehow having exposed myself to rabies. manly because of how scary the despise is. because by the time you know for sure that you have it, your dead. do you think i'm overreacting?
worried after burning non stick pan? i was heating up a non stick frying pan earlier and left it on high for about 10 minutes after forgetting about it. it started smoking, i realized what was going on, and i grabbed the pan and ran it under water. i turned on a fan and went about my business for another 10 minutes in the slightly smokey room. suddenly i became anxious and looked up if this could be harmful and found several articles about something called polymer fever? i definitely have a bit of a scratchy throat and feel kind of weird but i don't know if i'm just imagining it.
my mind is a storm of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fear. anxiety is a constant companion, whispering doubts and insecurities that make even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making every breath a struggle and every thought a challenge. the fear of the unknown consumes me, leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt. the grip of anxiety tightens around my heart, making every moment feel like a battle for survival. anxiety casts a dark shadow over my thoughts, leaving me
imagine they just received terrible news that may cause physical or emotional turmoil. inside the small, dimly lit confines of my mind, swirled a tempest of unrest and trepidation, as if the fates themselves had conspired to wield an invisible whirlpool, plunging me into the maelstrom of uncertainty. my breath caught tight in the constricting cage of my chest, the icy tendrils of fear snaking around my thoughts, choking the life from reason and logic, and leaving nothing but a desolate wasteland of raw emotion. a torrential deluge of what ifs and worst case scenarios assailed my
my mind is a never ending cycle of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of uncertainty and doubt, constantly second guessing myself and my abilities. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions. i'm trapped in a maze of negative thoughts, unable to escape the fear and apprehension that grips me. my thoughts race a thousand miles an hour, leaving me exhausted and overwhelmed, with no respite from the constant mental chatter. anxiety leaves me feeling
my mind is a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, as each worry multiplies and consumes me.' 'the weight of my thoughts presses down on me like an unbearable burden, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath away, and leaving me paralyzed by fear and uncertainty.' 'every nerve in my body is on edge, hypersensitive to the slightest sound or touch, leaving me feeling raw and exposed.' 'fear gnaws at me relentlessly, a constant companion that follows me everywhere, leaving me feeling trapped and alone.
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. anxiety clutches my chest, stealing my breath away, as i worry about every potential disaster that could be lurking around the corner. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, my mind racing a million miles an hour, unable to find peace or calm. my heart pounds in my chest, my hands shake, and my mind reels with worry as i struggle to find a way to quiet the storm inside me. my thoughts race faster than a runaway train, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and
in the deep recesses of her mind, where thoughts and fears jostled for dominance, an endless sea of emotions ebbed and flowed. every cresting wave was a reminder of the insurmountable anxiety gnawing at her from within. the very air around her seemed to vibrate with the echoes of past regrets, a constant hum of fear that clung to her like an invisible shield, as she weighed the incessant what ifs and should haves. each exhale felt labored, her heart thundering in her chest like a runaway freight train, a ceaseless engine of worry and doubt. the ticking clock in the corner seemed
my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to quiet the storm within. the weight of worry and fear clutches my chest, making it difficult to breathe, let alone focus on anything else. anxiety has a grip on me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling constantly on edge. every little detail feels magnified, and i can't seem to escape the relentless cycle of worry and uncertainty. my thoughts race like a runaway train, and i'm left feeling exhausted and overwhelmed by the constant mental chatter. fear gnaws at me, a constant presence that
inner voice whispers oh god, this is it. the moment i've been fearing for days, weeks, even months. my heart races, my breaths come in short, shallow gasps. the room feels as if it's spinning, closing in on me. everything around me seems to magnify the ticking clock, the rustling leaves outside, the soft hum of the overhead fan, all piercing my senses and compounding the overwhelming noise in my head. my mind is a tangled web of thoughts, all screaming to be heard. images of worst case scenarios flood my consciousness, each one more frightening than the last. my chest constricts
the person, let's call him jack, is walking home in the dark through an unfamiliar neighborhood. jack's footsteps echo through the quiet night as he moves cautiously, straining his ears for any suspicious noises. his heart beats in time with the rhythm of his footsteps, growing louder in his chest as the streets grow more deserted. a chill creeps up his spine, the first hint of fear. his mind races. i should have stayed at the office late, finished the report. no, it's already past closing time. i'll be late. no, i'll be later if i stop now. how long will it take me to reach the
an anxious thought a person might have is what if i make a mistake during my presentation at work and everyone looks at me in disbelief or worse, the boss fires me on the spot? this thought can cause feelings of fear, worry, and self doubt, which can manifest as physical symptoms such as racing heart, sweating, or trembling. it's important to recognize these thoughts for what they are anxious assumptions that may not necessarily reflect reality and take steps to manage anxiety, such as practicing deep breathing exercises or engaging in calming activities before the presentation.
my heart races, my mind reels with thoughts and fears. each breath feels like a struggle, as if the very air is heavy and hard to draw in. i'm drowning in a sea of anxious thoughts, my mind a stormy, turbulent ocean. i long for calm, for peace, but it seems elusive. my thoughts swirl around me like a cyclone, and i can't escape. create a more detailed thought from someone experiencing social anxiety. i stand at the edge of the room, my heart pounding in my chest, my palms sweating. i watch as people move around me, laughing, talking, engaging in conversation with ease. i long to
inner monologue why is it always this way? why do things have to be so difficult for me? i'm just a normal person, i thought, trying to live my life. but here i am, standing in this crowded room, feeling like an outsider, like i don't belong. the clock on the wall ticks relentlessly, each tick reminding me that every second i'm here is a second too long. my heart pounds in my chest as i search for a conversation starter, something, anything that might give me the chance to fit in. but all around me, people chat easily with each other, their voices blending into a muddled mess of
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. another example i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to quiet the storm inside my head and find peace. a third example anxiety grips me like a vice, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but the fear that consumes me. a fourth example fear claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless to control my own thoughts and emotions. a fifth example i'm constantly on edge, always anticipating the worst case scenario and struggling to find
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and the smallest detail sparks a wave of anxiety that i struggle to tame. or, the constant hum of worry in my head is drowning out all other thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety claws at me, whispering doubts and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm caught in a vicious cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the grip of my racing thoughts and pounding heart. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, leaving me feeling fragile and unable to face the world with confidence. anxiety clouds my
trouble peeing? i always see posts about people with anxiety peeing too often but never this amp x200b i can eventually go, sometimes hours later, but everytime i go to the bathroom i'm either waiting a solid minute before anything comes out or i'm just leaving the bathroom panicking cause nothing happened! i like to believe i'm just psyching myself out cause i'm very conscious of the fact that i'm worried about not being able to go everytime i actually try to go haha, doesn't stop me worrying intensely that i have a brain tumour tho... for 3 years, this however is a new symptom
inner monologue breathing in, i can't believe this is happening again. the knot in my stomach twists tighter with each passing second. time seems to slow down as my mind races with thoughts. my heart beats faster, drowning out the rhythm of my thoughts, leaving me disoriented and anxious. the stress gathers in my chest, making every breath an effort. why now? why does this always happen when things seem to be going well? my mind spins, grasping for an answer that eludes me. the fear creeps in, whispering its poison into my ears. i'm not good enough, i can't handle this, what if
every heartbeat is a testament to my fear. each breath feels heavy with uncertainty. my mind races with endless 'what ifs', yet i cannot escape their grasp. anxiety consumes me, a raging fire fueled by fear and self doubt. it's as if my mind is a stormy sea, tossing and turning with every passing moment. but amidst this chaos, i hold on to hope. i remind myself that it's only temporary, and that the storm will eventually pass. i'm just hanging on, clinging to the shoreline until the tide recedes. until then, i'll focus on the calm within, the stillness that lies beneath the tur
as i sit here with my racing heart and an overwhelming sense of impending doom, i can't help but question if i am enough, if i can handle this situation, and if my mistakes will be my downfall. anxiety grips me, making it difficult to focus or think clearly, and leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless. but even in this moment, i remind myself that i am stronger than i realize, and that the future holds more promise than fear. i take a deep breath and try to ground myself in the present, trusting that with time and effort, i can manage the worries and doubts that cloud my mind.
the voice in the head may sound like a teacher, an agitated parent, a critical friend, or an irrational child. you don t have to limit it to one voice let it be a combination of all or any that resonates with you. remember, this is just an exercise to help you understand the complexity of anxious thoughts and how they can impact our daily lives. inner monologue sound of frantic, rapid heartbeat why can't i just calm down? what's wrong with me? i've got this presentation at work tomorrow, and i can't seem to focus on anything else. i've rehearsed the slides a thousand times, but
in the stillness of the quiet night, my heart races, my thoughts a whirlwind of fear and doubt. each breath i take feels like a mountain to climb, my chest constricts, each inhale a struggle, each exhale a release of the unknown. my mind is a ticking time bomb, the slightest trigger sending it spiraling out of control. what if i can't do it? what if i've made a mistake? what if this is it? my hands tremble, each one a reflection of my inner turmoil. the darkness around me seems to close in, a suffocating blanket of anxiety that threatens to swallow me whole. my thoughts turn to
has anyone had this symptom before.... last week, i did a presentation, that i was nervous about and almost couldn't speak because of how dry my mouth became. i drank water but it didn't go away. it's been a week and i still have a dry mouth and my anxiety has been all over the place about it. i go to the doctor in two weeks for my annual, so i know that will give me some answers. i'm wondering if its diabetes but my fasting glucose from last year was 82, but i'm not sure. i guess i'm wondering if dry mouth is a common symptom of anxiety, i'm not extra thirsty just feeling dry.
inner dialogue sighs deeply today was another chaotic day. the deadlines were looming, the emails were piling up, and the to do list seemed endless. my heart races at the thought of failing, of letting my team down, of disappointing my boss. i can feel the familiar knot in the pit of my stomach, a constant reminder of the stress and fear gnawing at me. i know i can't keep this up, the exhaustion is taking a toll on me, but the fear of consequence keeps me going. i can't believe i signed up for this, for this level of pressure and expectation. the responsibilities that come with
breathe. in...out. focus on the rhythm of your breathing. your heart is racing, palms are sweating, mind is racing. the clock is ticking, deadlines are closing in, tasks are piling up, and emotions are running wild. but remember, it's just a moment. just a single fleeting moment in the vastness of time. your worth is not determined by this moment, nor is it dictated by your productivity. take a step back, take a deep breath, and remind yourself of the greater picture. you are more than just this anxious moment. you are capable, resilient, and deserving of peace. keep breathing.
in the haze of the early morning, as the first hints of dawn crept into the room, my eyes flickered open, but my mind was far from repose. my heart raced, each pulse a tiny bomb ticking away, ready to detonate at the slightest provocation. i inhaled deeply, but the breath caught in my throat, lodged there by a miasma of fear and trepidation. the weight of the day ahead pressed down upon me, like an unyielding anvil, threatening to crush my spirit. my hands trembled, fingers twisting the worn fabric of the blanket, a thin and insubstantial shield against the overwhelming tide of
in the whirlwind of my mind, a storm of fears and doubts swirls, clouding my thoughts and darkening my outlook. every step i take is fraught with uncertainty and trepidation, and the smallest issue feels like a mountain to climb. my heart races, my palms sweat, and my breath catches in my throat. i can barely focus on anything beyond the cacophony of anxious thoughts that clamors for my attention. it's as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and yet i can't seem to find a way to escape. the weight of the anxiety bear's down on me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. how can i
inner monologue the sun is setting, but my to do list keeps spinning in my head. the deadline for the project at work is in two days, and i m still stuck on one stubborn piece of code. my heart races as i stare at the screen, fingers frozen above the keyboard. my thoughts race in a chaotic jumble. how will i get this done on time? what if i can t figure it out? the fear creeps in, gripping me tighter with every passing second. what if i let my team down? my boss? myself? the weight of the responsibility bears down on me, threatening to crush me under its immense burden. my mind
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, leaving me unable to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my confidence and leaving me feeling helpless and trapped. every breath i take feels heavy, my thoughts racing ahead of me, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless. my body trembles with fear and uncertainty, as my mind spirals out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and alone. i'm caught in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, my heart racing and my mind clouded with doubt and uncertainty. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me
inner voice deep breaths i can't do this. i can't keep up with all these demands. the deadlines, the bills, the family obligations. it's too much. my heart races, my mind wanders, and i can't focus. this fear gnaws at me day and night. am i capable of handling all of this? the responsibilities, the obligations, the expectations. they seem to pile higher and higher with no end in sight. but, wait. i have faced tough challenges before. i've been through adversity, faced hardships, and emerged stronger each time. what about my strengths? my resilience, my determination, my ability
my mind is a constant storm of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. or, anxiety clutters my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed by the simplest tasks. or, every moment is filled with doubt and uncertainty, making it hard to find peace and tranquility in even the most mundane of situations. or, i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to break free from the cycle of worry and fear that consumes me. or, my anxiety leaves me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to escape the swirling chaos of emotions and doubts.
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, keeping me up at night and stealing my focus during the day. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the constant chatter and worry in my head. fear clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe and focus on anything other than the worst case scenarios playing out in my mind. anxiety is a relentless companion, whispering doubts into my ear and making simple tasks seem insurmountable. my thoughts race ahead of me, spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear and uncertainty.
whooshing flowing in ears head anyone? sometimes when i wake up in the morning especially if i wake up suddenly, scared, due to a loud noise, or from a bad dream i ll jump up quick and i can kind of hear flowing in my left ear which i expect to be my blood flow or something. i m not sure if this is due to the sudden rush of blood or what, after laying down all night. it totally scares me to death. it lasts maybe 20 seconds and goes away. this is the only time it happens. i ve brought it up to doctors and they don t really seem to say too much. anyone else ever experienced this?
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, as if the slightest misstep could send me tumbling down a steep and treacherous path. the constant churning in my mind keeps me up at night, robbing me of precious rest and leaving me exhausted before the day has even begun. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, each one feeding the next in a never ending cycle of fear and self doubt. anxiety clutches at my chest, tightening its grip with every breath i take, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. every moment is a battlefield in my mind, with fear and doubt waging
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but my anxiety. anxiety's grip on me is tight, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped, unable to escape the endless cycle of fear and uncertainty. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated. i'm drowning in a sea of anxious thoughts, and every wave threatens to pull me under, leaving me struggling to stay afloat and find my way back to calm waters. anxiety's grip on my heart is like a vice,
what thoughts would they have? what emotions might they be feeling? how would they respond? inner dialogue my heart races, and my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts. the deadline is looming, and the project is far from complete. i can feel the weight of fear settling in. what if i can't finish on time? what if my boss isn't pleased? i can't help but think of the potential consequences the reprimand, the missed promotion, the lost respect. anxiety creeps in, and my thoughts spiral out of control. i can't focus, and my hands tremble as i type. each passing minute seems to stretch on
an anxious thought a person might have could be i'm going to fail this exam no matter how hard i study. my past failures prove that i'm just not cut out for this kind of work. i'll let down my family and everyone who believes in me. i won't be able to get a good job or support myself. i'll be a burden on society and end up homeless. these types of thoughts can snowball, leading to feelings of intense fear, worry, and despair. it's important to remember that these thoughts are often not based in reality and can be challenged through evidence based thinking and coping mechanisms.
my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter long enough to focus on anything else.' 'anxiety has a grip on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the grip of my own thoughts and the uncertainty they bring.' 'i feel like i'm constantly on edge, my nerves taut and raw, waiting for the next thing to go wrong and plunge me into a deeper state of anxiety.' 'the weight of my worries and fears presses down on me
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. another example i'm caught in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. a third example anxiety clutches at me, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain, like a ship lost at sea. a fourth example my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, leaving me feeling trapped in a maze of worry and fear. a fifth example i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to escape the crushing weight of anxiety that follows
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. anxiety claws at me, stealing my ability to enjoy simple moments and leaving me trapped in a cycle of constant worry and self doubt. every thought spins in my head like a runaway top, leaving me disoriented and unable to catch my breath. anxiety's grip tightens around me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my thoughts race like a freight train, derailing any sense of calm and leaving me feeling powerless to
the thought what if i make a fool of myself during this presentation and embarrass myself in front of everyone? this is an example of an anxious thought that many people might experience before giving a presentation or speaking in public. these thoughts can trigger anxiety and make it more difficult to perform well. it's important to remember that these thoughts are just mental constructs, and not necessarily reflective of reality. practicing relaxation techniques, positive self talk, and focusing on the preparation and practice can help reduce anxiety and improve performance.
in the quiet stillness of the early morning, my heart pounds in my chest. the weight of the world sits on my shoulders, the pressure building, threatening to shatter the thin veneer of control i've worked so hard to maintain. the mundane tasks that lay before me seem insurmountable, each small detail threatening to topple the fragile house of cards that is my life. the clock ticks away, mocking me with its relentless tick tock, reminding me of the ticking time bomb that is my schedule. my thoughts race, a tangled web of fear and anxiety. i can't seem to focus, the mind numbing
they are trapped in a house with a power outage and are completely alone, unable to reach out for help due to limited cell phone signal and no landline. inner monologue i can't believe this is happening to me. it's late, the power went out an hour ago, and i'm completely alone in this dark, eerily silent house. the clock on the stove glows dimly, ticking away, mocking me with its unyielding presence. my cell phone flashes weakly in the darkness, its once bright screen now a dull ember of light. i've tried to call for help, but the connection is intermittent at best. every time
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one amplifying the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. the weight of uncertainty hangs heavy on my shoulders, every decision a potential landmine, and my thoughts a chaotic symphony of worst case scenarios. anxiety clutches at my heart, stealing my breath away, as i struggle to find solace in the storm of thoughts racing through my mind. my mind is a ticking time bomb, every thought a potential explosion, leaving me feeling fragile and on edge. fear gnaws at me, a constant companion, whispering doubts and uncertaint
character anna anna's heart raced as she checked her emails for the third time that morning. she couldn't believe what she was seeing. the deadline for the project she had spent weeks preparing for was in two days, and her boss had just responded with i'll be in touch. the uncertainty gnawed at her. what if he didn't approve her work? what if she had to start over? deep breaths, anna, she whispered to herself, trying to calm the storm inside her. she clutched the edge of her desk, her knuckles turning white. she had poured her heart and soul into this project, and for it to be
inner monologue heavy breaths how much longer can i keep this up? i can feel the tension building up inside me, like a balloon being filled with air, ready to burst. i rub my temples, trying to ease the relentless pounding of my headache, but it doesn't seem to make a difference. the shadows of the deadline loom ahead, a massive boulder that i'm struggling to climb over. the words of my boss echo in my mind, demanding perfection, insisting i produce the impossible within an impossible time frame. it feels like an endless race, one that i'm bound to lose. each tick of the clock
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of worry and fear, each tick of the clock amplifying the passing time. my thoughts spiral into a labyrinth of anxious anticipation, each breath a struggle as i grapple with the weight of impending apprehension. anxiety's icy grip tightens around me, each heartbeat an echo of fear, as my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. in the grip of anxiety, the world seems to slow down around me, each second stretching into an eternity, as my thoughts race in a frenzied dance of fear
they ve been working on a personal project, and it suddenly isn't going as well as they thought it would. they feel overwhelmed, frustrated, and start to question their ability to succeed. inner monologue i've spent weeks on this project, pouring my heart and soul into it, and yet, it's not turning out the way i'd envisioned. my mind is a swirling tornado of emotions a perfect storm of fear, frustration, and self doubt. my heart races with every small setback, and anxiety gnaws at me like a vicious wolf. i question my every decision, my choices, my ability to see this through.
i'm consumed by constant worry, like a never ending loop of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and my body responds with physical symptoms, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own existence. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as if my body is a ticking time bomb, ready to explode with anxiety at any moment. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the grip of fear and doubt, leaving me feeling isolated and alone in a crowd. anxiety claws at me from within, leaving
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, keeping me up at night and stealing my joy during the day. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by anxiety. anxiety grips me like a heavy fog, blurring my vision of reality and making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of uncertainty and fear presses down on me, suffocating me and leaving me unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. i'm a prisoner to my own mind, tormented by intrusive thoughts and a constant need for
inner monologue my heart races, the beat throbbing against my chest, a relentless drumming that seems to grow louder with each passing moment. i can't breathe, the air heavy with anticipation and dread. i close my eyes, but the darkness only intensifies the void inside, a hollow ache that gnaws away at my very core. fear coils around my thoughts like a constrictor snake, narrowing the scope of my awareness and limiting the breadth of my vision. it crouches within me, a malignant presence that threatens to swallow me whole. logic, rationality, these are the things i value most,
deep, shaky breaths i can't do this. i just can't. the pressure is building up inside me, threatening to burst through and consume me whole. my heart is racing, my palms are slick with sweat, and my mind is reeling with what ifs and worst case scenarios. what if i fail? what if i disappoint everyone who's counting on me? what if i lose control and make a fool of myself in front of all those people? i thought i was ready for this. i thought i had prepared enough, but now that the moment of truth has arrived, all my confidence seems to have dissipated, leaving me feeling exposed
my mind is a storm of endless thoughts and worries, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fear. another example every breath i take feels like a struggle, as if my anxiety is clinging to me like a heavy coat, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. yet another example my mind is a jumbled mess of what ifs and worst case scenarios, keeping me up at night and preventing me from living in the present moment. last example my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind and unable
every minute feels like an hour as my thoughts spiral, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenario. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own mind, unable to break free from the cycle of fear and uncertainty. my mind races with 'what ifs' and 'but what abouts,' drowning out the present moment and leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by worry. the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly, leaving me feeling like i'm on the verge of a panic attack. anxiety makes me feel like i'm constantly walking on a tight
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlpool of anxious thoughts, drowning out any semblance of peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, each breath a struggle, each thought a mountain to climb. my mind is a stormy sea, tossing me with waves of fear and doubt, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat a reminder of the fear that grips me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and consumed by anxiety. my mind is a dark
in the dimly lit room, the weight of my own existence seemed to press down upon me, an oppressive force that threatened to crush me into oblivion. my heart thundered in my chest, a wild beast that refused to be tamed, its frenzied beat echoing through every nerve ending, every fiber of my being. i clutched the worn edges of my threadbare blanket, the rough texture a welcome contrast to the slick, cold sheen of my mounting fear. the world around me seemed to blur and warp, the colors fading to muted hues, the sounds growing distant and muffled. my mind whirled, a chaotic maelst
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, constantly questioning and second guessing myself. prompt write a short story where the main character is a doctor who saves a patient's life but then faces the fear of being sued for malpractice. response dr. james, a seasoned surgeon with decades of experience, had just saved a young woman's life. her heart had stopped during surgery, but he'd managed to revive her, leaving the operating room in a state of relief and elation. but the joy was short lived as he was soon confronted with the fear
every breath i take feels labored, as if the weight of my thoughts is pressing down on me, suffocating my ability to focus or find peace. another example my mind is a constant storm of worries and fears, drowning out any sense of calm or clarity, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm stuck in a loop of endless what ifs, each thought more terrifying than the last, and i can't seem to find a way out, leaving me feeling paralyzed and trapped in my own mind. my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a car without brakes, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to slow down, and
every time i encounter a new situation, my mind fills with fearful thoughts and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain. another example i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. or my anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in my own mind. remember, these thoughts should be genuine and reflective of the anxiety experience. they should not be overly dramatic or unrealistic. the goal is to convey the sense of unease, fear, and doubt that comes with anxiety.
every breath feels like a struggle, and my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear. anxiety claws at me, its icy fingers wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me trapped in a web of worry and uncertainty. my thoughts race like a runaway train, each one building on the last, until i'm left standing on the platform, overwhelmed and unable to disembark. the weight of my fears presses down on me, crushing my spirit and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. fear gnaws at me, tearing away at my confidence, leaving me questioning every decision and
my mind is a storm of endless worries and doubts, making it difficult to focus on anything else and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. another example anxiety's tight grip leaves me paralyzed, unable to make decisions or even take the simplest actions, as fear and self doubt consume me. here are a few more examples 1. my thoughts race like a never ending train, each one building on the last and leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed. 2. fear grips me like a vice, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and leaving me feeling trapped in my own body. 3. anx
inner monologue the steady beep of the alarm clock jolts me awake, my heart thumping in sync with its mechanical cadence. i toss and turn under the covers, dread creeping in like the predawn shadows. my mind races with the day ahead, the deadlines, the expectations. a mound of unopened mail sits on the counter at home, a towering symbol of responsibility looming above me. i close my eyes and take a deep breath, inhaling the acrid scent of morning coffee and stress lingering in the air of my cramped cubicle. the phone rings and i answer, greeting a cold, disembodied voice with
inner monologue breathing deeply i can't do this. the clock ticks away mercilessly, each second a heavy weight on my shoulders. the deadlines looming in the near future seem insurmountable, and the pressure builds inside me like a caged animal, yearning to break free. my heart races, and i can feel the familiar grip of anxiety tightening around my chest. it's that familiar feeling of being stuck, of being trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and fear. i glance at the long list of tasks before me, each one seemingly more daunting than the last. the sheer volume of work is
the fear creeps in, slowly, as they lay there in bed, staring up at the dark ceiling. what if they can t get out of bed today? what if they can t face the day, or worse, the world? their heart races, their thoughts swirling in their mind like a tornado, threatening to consume them. why am i like this? why can t i just get up and go about my day like everyone else? they clench their fists, gritting their teeth as anger and frustration bubble up. it s not fair. i try so hard, but i always fall short. the darkness closes in, pressing in on them, making it harder to breathe. they
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. another example i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, my body on high alert, and i can't seem to find a way to calm my racing mind and steady my racing heart. a third example anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. a fourth example the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and i can't escape the feeling of being trapped in
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. every moment is filled with doubt and apprehension, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and vulnerable. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the relentless cycle of worry and fear that grips my mind and body. fear has a grip on me, tightening with each passing moment, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. anxiety whispers in
they are locked in their bedroom, unsure of the cause of the intrusion. they can hear voices outside, and the sound of footsteps. the sun is setting and they have no phone or any means to contact help. inner monologue i can't believe this is happening. my heart is pounding, my breaths coming in quick, shallow gasps. i thought i locked the door before i went to bed. i'm sure i did. but now, i can't be certain. my mind races, theorizing possibilities. they could be innocuous neighbors, or worse. but why would they be here, so late? the sun is setting, the sky a brilliant mix of
my heart races and my mind spirals as i think about the endless to do list piling up before me. each task weighs heavy on my shoulders, pressing down with the force of a thousand mountains. i'm drowning in responsibilities, in deadlines, in expectations. the weight of it all is almost too much to bear. i feel trapped, confined by the walls of my own mind. i wish i could press pause on life, just for a moment, to catch my breath, to gather my thoughts, to regain some semblance of control. but life marches on, relentless and unyielding. i'm caught in a whirlwind of anxiety, and
different size pupils after an eye exam so i had this monday an eye exam and the doctor put 3 drops of atropine in my eyes. i have noticed in the first day that the pupils were coming back at normal at different sizes. now it's saturday and my right pupil it's still a little bit bigger than the other one. i have read on the internet that the effect of atropine may last for two weeks. it is true? did anyone encounter this? i am really, really panicking right now. the doctor did not find something wrong with my eyes and the different size pupils did not happen before this exam.
what evidence would this person use to contradict that thought and make it go away? example of an anxious thought i'm going to fail this exam no matter how much i study. i've never done well on tests, and my classmates always seem to know more than i do. to contradict anxious thought 1. remember past successes recall instances where you've done well on tests or exams in the past, even if they were not in the same subject or at the same level of difficulty. 2. refute the 'always' label challenge the 'always' label in the thought by acknowledging that not every test or exam you
the character is an overworked employee who feels as if he s at the breaking point. inner monologue another day, another pile of work. i can't believe it. i thought i'd be able to catch up, but the mountain just keeps growing. my emails are stacked high like a virtual everest, each one a challenge that feels insurmountable. my mind races with deadlines, expectations, and demands. i can't keep up, and every second feels like a minute, every minute feels like an hour. my heart races, and my chest tightens with each breath. i feel the weight of the world on my shoulders, and i'm
inner dialogue breath in... hold... exhale... why can't i get a handle on this? it seems like the simplest of tasks, yet my mind and body refuse to cooperate. my heart races at an alarming pace, and the knots in my stomach grow tighter with each passing moment. fear claws at my insides like a wild beast its icy fingers wrap around my rational thoughts and leave them shackled in a corner. stress has always been a familiar presence in my life, an unwelcome companion that follows me wherever i go. but today, it feels different. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, and
they should discuss their struggle, fear or doubt but also their resolution or positive outlook. one day, my heart pounded in my chest as i faced another seemingly insurmountable deadline, the pressure mounting with each passing minute. the tightness in my chest grew, and my mind swirled with thoughts of failure and self doubt. but then i took a deep breath and reminded myself of all the times i had faced and overcome similar challenges. this time, i will not be defined by my anxiety, but rather by my resilience and determination. i will meet this deadline, and i will thrive.
worried about my health hi so my health anxiety is through the roof. since january every week has been different first one was my period, second was i thought i had cervical cancer, the second was breast cancer, the other was a brain tumour and now its breast cancer again. i keep checking my nipple as i think there is a lump on it or crusty but i know its not as every other time i have looked the past month i didn't see anything stand out so i don't know if it is because my brain wants something new to worry about. i am waking up with panic attacks and crying. i just hate it.
every moment feels like a battlefield. my mind is a relentless storm, churning with fear and self doubt. i'm drowning in a sea of worries, and every wave crashes over me, dragging me under. my heart races, my breath catches, and i can barely focus on the present. the future looms ominously, filled with an uncertain, terrifying landscape. i want to escape, to find peace and calm, but the grip of anxiety tightens around me, holding me captive in its relentless grasp. can you create a thought that mirrors the feeling of excitement? every beat of my heart pulses with anticipation
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear.' 'my mind is a stormy sea of worry, and every wave threatens to drown me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly.' 'my anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my chest, pressing down on me and making it hard to take in deep breaths, let alone find peace and calm.' 'the constant churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling drained and exhausted, unable to escape the vicious cycle of fear and uncertainty.' 'anxiety claws at me from the
inner monologue oh no, this can't be happening. my heart is racing, palms are sweating, and my mind is going a million miles an hour. why does this always happen to me? i can't handle this kind of stress. the thoughts are swirling around in my head, an endless stream of anxiety and fear. i need to focus, to calm down, but how? my breaths are shallow and uneven, making it difficult to think clearly. i'm starting to tremble, my body betraying me as it always does in moments of panic. i try to remind myself that i've been through this before, that i've survived, but the memories
my mind is a tangled web of worry and doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'the constant churning of thoughts in my head leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but my anxiety.' 'every breath i take feels heavy and labored, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to break free and live in the present moment.' 'my thoughts race faster than a runaway train, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.' 'i'm caught in a never ending loop of negative thoughts, each
my mind is a constant storm of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. anxiety holds me captive in its gripping clutches, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions. the relentless cycle of negative thoughts consumes me, leaving me exhausted and longing for peace and tranquility. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, unable to escape the overwhelming tide of emotions. anxiety robs me of joy and leaves
exhale slowly, body shaking as i clutch the edges of my desk. my heart races in my chest, the relentless beat echoing like a drum inside my head. i can barely focus on the tasks in front of me. my thoughts keep diverging, my mind a tangled web of worst case scenarios. my breath comes in shallow, gasping gasps. i close my eyes and take a deep breath, but all i feel is my stomach turning, threatening to expel its contents. why can't i just calm down? i tell myself, my voice wavering as i struggle to speak above the roiling sea of fear and panic threatening to overwhelm me. it's
it doesn t have to be long, just a few sentences that convey a sense of anxiety and its impact on the person s thoughts and emotions. breathe in, breathe out. the world is spinning faster than i can keep up. my heart races with each passing moment, every breath a laborious struggle. thoughts, a relentless river, flood my mind, demanding my attention. anxiety's grip tightens, robbing me of peace, leaving me clinging to the edges of sanity. it's as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts, unable to escape the torrent of worries and fears that consume me. and yet, despite the turmoil
monique's heart pounded in her chest, the weight of the world pressing down on her shoulders. her palms felt clammy and her breath hitched in her throat. time seemed to stretch out before her, every second dragging out longer and longer. she couldn't focus, her mind swirling in a tornado of anxiety and dread. what if i can't do it? what if i fail? she wondered aloud, her voice barely audible to her own ears. she knew she had the ability, the skills, and the knowledge, but fear gnawed at her insides, eating away at her confidence. the stakes were high and the pressure immense.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making simple decisions feels like climbing mount everest. another example my thoughts spiral out of control, each one leading to a worst case scenario, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. a third example my anxiety clutches at my heart, robbing me of peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a constant state of unease. a fourth example my mind is a battlefield, with every negative thought amplified and each fear magnified, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless. a fifth example my thoughts race like a wildfire through
this will help readers who have been through the same to identify and relate. i ll start with one my heart races whenever i think about stepping foot in public places it s like an overwhelming fear consumes me, leaving me paralyzed. here are a few thought starters, but i encourage you to create a unique one that resonates with you each morning, i wake up wondering if i'll be able to muster enough courage to face the day. my mind spirals out of control, replaying and magnifying insignificant mistakes. every time the phone rings, a shiver runs down my spine, bracing myself for
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the fear gnawing at my insides. here's a more detailed example my mind is a stormy sea of worries and fears, with each wave crashing against the shore of my thoughts, leaving me feeling disoriented and powerless to calm the turbulent waters within me. or, anxiety clutches my heart, tightening its grip with each passing moment, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but the relentless churning in my chest. remember, these thoughts should reflect the intense, overwhelming nature of anxiety,
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it difficult to focus on anything other than the next potential disaster.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to relax or find peace, no matter where i am or what i'm doing.' 'every breath i take feels labored, my chest tight, as if i'm constantly on the brink of a panic attack, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'i'm a prisoner to my racing thoughts, unable to quiet the storm inside my head, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.' 'i'm caught in a vicious
i can t breathe. no, wait, i can. i can feel my heart pounding in my chest, the relentless rhythm threatening to burst forth and spill my very being onto the floor. why is this happening? there was nothing extraordinary about my day, nothing out of the ordinary. i went to work, ran errands, cooked dinner just like any other day. but now, the familiar tightness in my chest is back, and with it, a churning fear. i should be used to this by now. this has become my reality an intrusive, unwelcome presence in my life. but i can t help but wonder when will it end? my thoughts race
every thought in my mind is a potential disaster waiting to happen, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, each moment feeling heavier and more unbearable than the last. my mind is a chaotic storm of thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, suffocating me with fear and doubt, and leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my thoughts race faster than my heart, leaving me feeling consumed by worry and fear, and unable to find solace or peace. my mind is a
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant fear and doubt, my thoughts racing ahead like a runaway train, and i can't seem to slow them down or escape their grip. anxiety weighs heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless, as if my mind is a battleground and i'm the only soldier left fighting. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last. i can't escape the feeling of impending doom,
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm consumed by intrusive thoughts and doubts, unable to find peace in the present moment.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own mind.' 'the weight of uncertainty and fear leaves me feeling paralyzed, unable to move forward.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'my heart races and my mind races faster, a never ending cycle of fear and anxiety.' 'anxiety gri
an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake at work and get fired? i won't be able to pay my bills, and my family will have to rely on government assistance. i'll be a failure and a burden to everyone around me. this thought can trigger a spiral of anxiety, leading to worrying about every minor detail at work, avoiding taking risks or making decisions, and feeling overwhelmed by responsibilities. it's important to recognize that such thoughts are often irrational and to challenge them with evidence and reasoning to prevent the anxiety from escalating.
what is he thinking, feeling, how does he process the situation? what's the sequence of events? character john situation john is a young entrepreneur, facing financial troubles in his business, causing him to experience immense stress and fear. inner dialogue john sits slouched in his office chair, glances at the overdue bills and mounting debt, frustration brewing. what am i going to do? how did this happen? this was supposed to be my dream, not this nightmare. a month ago, i was breaking even, feeling optimistic about the future. but now, i'm drowning in bills i can't pay.
in the depths of my heart, my mind spins into overdrive. it whirls like a vortex, consuming me from within. my thoughts cascade downwards, like a waterfall of endless worries and fears, crashing against the jagged rocks of my conscious mind. each concern grows in size, merging into a mammoth, towering behemoth that threatens to bury me whole, suffocating me in its endless grasp. i search for a foothold amidst the turmoil, for a solid ground on which to steady myself. but everytime i try to focus, everytime i think i ve found some semblance of calm, the ground below gives way
how might this person attempt to manage stress and cope with anxiety? inner dialogue deep exhale i can't do this. the deadlines are piling up, and i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. my heart is racing, and my mind is filled with a thousand thoughts mostly worse case scenarios. the fear is gripping me, and i can't seem to escape it. why am i so afraid of failing? why can't i handle the pressure? i need to get a handle on this stress before it consumes me. but how? i've tried deep breathing, meditation, and positive affirmations. they provided temporary relief, but the
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, each thought building on the last until the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm stuck in a cycle of worry, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios, and the more i try to calm down, the louder my thoughts become. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own mind. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, and the weight of my thoughts presses down on me like an unbearable burden. my thoughts race ahead, spinning out of control, leaving
inner dialogue heavy hearted, racing mind, hands trembling slightly i can't believe this is happening to me. again. how am i supposed to keep going like this? my chest feels tight, my breaths are uneven. my mind races and fears run rampant. it all comes crashing down, like a ton of bricks i can't see through or around. i feel so helpless. what if i fail? what if i make another mistake? my mistake. my responsibility. my fault. i should have known better. i should have seen it coming. i should have done something differently. why didn't i listen to that voice in the back of my
heart racing, palms sweating, thoughts swirling panic building inside why now? why does this always happen when i'm least prepared? i was doing so well today...or at least i thought i was. why does my mind always choose the most inopportune moments to rear up and remind me of every single thing that has ever made me doubt myself, made me feel less than, and left me crippled by anxiety and self doubt? i can't breathe. this feeling in the pit of my stomach, it's like a dark cloud threatening to consume me. i can't ignore it any longer. i can't shake this feeling that something
i can't do this. my heart is pounding, my palms are sweating, and my breath is shallow. i keep replaying that moment, when the boss called me into her office. i knew something was wrong, and now i'm certain. i've made a terrible mistake, and there's no coming back from it. the weight of this burden feels like a ton of bricks crushing my chest. my mind is racing with what ifs and worse case scenarios. i could lose my job, my career, my livelihood. all over one stupid error. my thoughts are a whirlwind, and i can't focus on anything but the catastrophic potential consequences.
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fear and doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. here are some more examples 1. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. 2. i can't focus on anything but the pounding in my chest and the endless stream of intrusive thoughts. 3. my anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders, dragging me down and making it hard to breathe. 4. i'm stuck in a mental fog, unable to make decisions or take action due to the overwhelming fear and uncertainty. 5
lump near groin, between pubic area and inner thigh i'm kinda scared. i have a pea sized lump in that place you see when you open your legs, where your legs move, very close to the pubic region and the inner thigh. it's a hardish lump, like cartilage. if i move the skin it moves with it, do it's not stuck on the bone or tendon. i have a small red bump right next to it too which is kinda irritated, but the big one is the one that freaks me out the most. when i fully open my legs you can see a bit of protrusion. i found it yesterday night, it feels like it came out of nowhere.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it difficult to focus on anything other than the next potential disaster.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to relax or find peace, no matter where i am or what i'm doing.' 'every breath i take feels labored, my chest tight, as if i'm constantly on the brink of a panic attack, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'i'm a prisoner to my racing thoughts, unable to quiet the storm inside my head, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.' 'i'm caught in a vicious
i'm sitting here, surrounded by the chaos of my messy apartment, and the ticking clock seems to be amplifying the incessant hum of my racing thoughts. i've lost track of time, my to do list piling up as the day slips away from me. the weight of my responsibilities presses down on my chest like a ton of bricks, my breaths shallow and uneven. my mind keeps replaying past failures, past mistakes, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own inadequacies. the familiar ache in my stomach grows as the realization sets in that i'm not making any progress, that i'm stuck in
sleeps aids for someone afraid of medication? hey guys, i've been struggling to sleep and was hoping someone could recommend a good sleep aid. things like zzzquil make my entire body tingly anxiety, surely , and sleeping pills are a big no because i feel hypersensitive to medications. when i say hypersensitive i mean i could poke a xanax with my finger and eat the tiny bit of powder that comes off and it's still sometimes a bit too strong. the placebo is just too powerful with hypochondria. so, enough rambling. any good teas or extra weak medications that could help? thanks!
this thought should be based on their fear of failure and or their desire for perfection. my mind is a labyrinth of self doubt and relentless pressure. every mistake, every missed opportunity, every unmet expectation, they pile up like boulders in a rockslide, blocking my path to success. the fear of failure is a gnawing, ever present beast that devours my energy, stifles my creativity, and leaves me paralyzed. perfection is the shimmering, elusive mirage that taunts me from afar, daring me to reach for it, but always just out of reach. i can't help but feel that i'm trapped
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. my anxiety claws at me, a relentless storm in my mind, stealing my peace and leaving me exhausted. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to escape the constant churning of my worries. anxiety gnaws at me, a persistent shadow that follows me everywhere, casting doubt on even the most mundane
the person has recently lost their job and is struggling to find a new one. inner monologue i can't believe it. i've lost my job. again. how am i going to pay my bills? i have rent due in two weeks, and i've barely started saving for the upcoming holiday season. my mind races with thoughts, a chaotic jumble of uncertainties and fears. how long can i survive without a steady income? i thought i had it all figured out. i had a good job, a solid income, and was slowly but surely making progress towards paying off my debts. i even started saving for my future. but now, it's all
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of anxiety and self doubt. i feel like i'm stuck in a never ending loop of worry, with each thought leading to another and another, leaving me drained and helpless. anxiety weighs heavily on my shoulders, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the relentless churning of my thoughts. fear grips me like a vice, suffocating me with its intensity and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, each worry multiplying like an endless echo in the caverns of my thoughts.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down upon me, crushing my spirits and leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of doubt and trepidation.' 'i'm caught in a vicious cycle of worry and self doubt, my thoughts spiraling out of control like a runaway train.' 'anxiety gnaws at me like a relentless shadow, casting doubt upon my every decision and leaving me feeling powerless and alone.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, as if trying to escape the suffocating grip of fear
inner voice sighs deeply today has been a nightmare. the traffic was unbearable, the kids were restless at school drop off, and now, this deadline at work is looming over me like a dark cloud, threatening to rain down the consequences of failure. fear what if i can't meet this deadline? what if my boss is not pleased with the quality of my work? i've been putting in so many hours lately, but it's still not enough. i'm failing. inner voice calming down take a deep breath. remember, everyone makes mistakes. it's part of the learning process. and your boss understands that too
how do you deal with depression as an entrepreneur? i run a venture backed business and have lately realized that i might have mild to moderate depression. for the many, many months, i've been constantly overwhelmed, tired and frustrated, but for the past week, i've reached my breaking point, and now it seems that i've lost my drive, motivation, and it just feels numbing. i'm not excited by anything anymore. fatigue all the time, and full of self doubt. what will the best way to deal with this situation not sure if it's diagnosed as depression ? should i take some time off?
amidst the swirling chaos of thoughts in my mind, i struggle to focus on the simplest of tasks. the clock ticks away, mocking me with its unyielding progression. every heartbeat echoes with the pounding of my own anxiety. my breaths become shallow and labored as fear creeps in, consuming my every thought. i'm trapped in a cyclone of worry and self doubt, unable to escape the vicious grip it has on me. each decision feels like a minefield, every choice fraught with potential disaster. i'm paralyzed by fear, frozen in time, unsure of how to move forward. in this moment, all i
inner dialogue why is my heart racing? i've got everything under control, i can handle this. but why does my mind refuse to listen? the clock ticks, louder with each passing second, urging me to act, to make a decision, yet my thoughts remain a jumbled mess. i'm usually the one with all the answers, the calming presence, the problem solver. but today, i'm stuck. fear creeps in, whispering doubts, taunting me with the 'what ifs.' what if i make the wrong choice? what if this situation spirals out of control? the weight of responsibility bears down on me, growing heavier with
inner monologue my heart beats wildly in my chest, racing as if out of control. fear gnaws at me, stealing the air from my lungs. my mind spirals, a hurricane of thoughts swirling through the depths of my being. time slows, my breathing shallow, the darkness presses in around me, heavy and suffocating. what is happening? why do i feel this way? my thoughts race, each one jostling for attention and every new thought only adds to the anxiety gnawing at me. the clock on the wall inches on, yet it feels as if the seconds stretch on forever. i m trapped in this moment, unable to
inner voice sighs heavily i can't believe this is happening again. the deadline is looming, the project is incomplete, and the anxiety is eating me alive. i need to focus, to work, but my mind is a foggy mess. each unfinished task feels like a boulder on my chest, pressing down, making it harder and harder to breathe. my heart races as i consider the possibilities failure, disappointment, the judgment of others. i can't let them down. i can't let myself down. but the fear of the unknown, the fear of the worst case scenario, it paralyzes me. it's all too much. i need a break
this person is panicking because they lost their cell phone, and they can t remember the last place they had it. inner monologue oh no, i can t believe i ve lost my phone. where was the last place i had it? did i leave it at the cafe? i was there just an hour ago. or was it at the store? i remember setting it down while i browsed the aisles. what if i left it in a taxi? i took one after leaving the cafe. my contacts, emails, and messages i can t afford to lose all of that. what if someone finds it and goes through my personal information? the memories i have so many photos
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own thoughts. anxiety has a grip on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling overwhelmed and paralyzed. every breath i take feels labored, as if my body is holding on to the fear that threatens to consume me. fear grips me like a vice, making it difficult to focus on anything other than the worst case scenarios that play out in my mind. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, making it hard to catch my breath and feel like i'm drowning
xanax for phobia hello. i am a 18y old boy. from a very young age i have a fear of doctors. my heartrate was 160 the last time when i went to the doc. she told me to go to cardiologist. i said to her that i dont have problems with the heart but she was still wanting to go. so i went, made an ecg, the heartrate was 170 but the heart was healthy. so i think the best solution is to take xanax before going to the doc...i have it at home from 1 year but for other reasons. how much should i take so i can feel calm the next time i go to the hospital? sorry if my english is bad...
thought i can't keep up. the weight of all my responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations is crushing me. i feel as though i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. every moment is filled with the pressure to perform and produce, leaving me no time to breathe or relax. my heart races, my mind races, and i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety. i'm exhausted, both physically and emotionally, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. i need a break, but there's never a good time to take one.
try to evoke a feeling of being stuck and unable to act or speak out, but not completely overwhelmed or dissociative. in the dimly lit recesses of my troubled mind, my racing thoughts swirl like leaves on a brisk autumn day, the crisp fragrance of autumn's inevitable end punctuating each anxiety ridden breath i draw. the oppressive weight of anxiety gnaws at the edges of my conscious thought, a tenacious beast that refuses to be vanquished. my chest constricts with every inhalation, each sharp intake of breath tinged with an asphyxiating sense of trepidation. a tapestry of
in the midst of an anxious spiral, thoughts can race and overwhelm, making it difficult to focus on anything specific. here's a thought that might come up why am i even worrying about this? it's not like it's a matter of life or death. but i can't seem to shake this feeling of dread. what if something goes wrong? what if i make a mistake? i need to figure this out before it's too late. but what if i've already missed my chance? why can't i just relax and let go of this anxiety? i'm driving myself crazy! this thought is characterized by a sense of irrational fear, a feeling
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, each passing moment bringing new waves of anxiety that i struggle to keep at bay. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, my thoughts spiraling out of control as i fret over the smallest details, unable to find peace in the present moment. anxiety grips me like a vice, my thoughts racing a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. i'm drowning in a sea of doubt and insecurity, every breath a reminder of the constant turmoil inside me, longing for calm but unable to find it. my heart pounds in my chest
every thought that enters my mind is magnified by fear, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenario. anxiety leaves me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to escape the constant churning of thoughts and worries. my mind is a battlefield of negative thoughts, and i'm caught in the crossfire, unable to find peace or calm. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly. anxiety is a relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to break free. i
inner voice panicked tone how did i get here? how am i supposed to handle all of this? the bills are piling up, i can't pay rent this month, my car broke down and now there's no way to get to work. what am i going to do? i thought i had everything under control. how could i have been so naive? this is it. i'm done for. i can't take it anymore. breathe, just breathe. you can get through this. remember that job interview next week, that could change everything. and that potential client that's been showing interest. things might turn around soon. i need to keep hope. but the
inner dialogue why is my heart pounding so hard in my chest? is it the third cup of coffee i had this morning? or is it the constant stream of emails, messages, and calls demanding my attention? no, it's not the coffee, i can't afford to let my nerves get the best of me like this, especially not now. my deadlines are piling up, and i've barely made a dent in completing any of them. i need to focus, but my mind keeps wandering to all the things i'm supposed to do. i need to be more efficient. more productive. more. i need to find a way to calm down, to find some inner peace
keep in mind that the inner voice in your monologue should not simply be positive or negative it should be complicated. breath in... hold it... and out... my heart races faster with each shallow exhalation, each laboring inhalation. i can hardly think. this wasn't supposed to be like this. they said i was ready, qualified, the best candidate for the job. yet here i am, standing on the precipice, one foot hovering over the unknown, and it feels as if i've been thrown into the deep end without so much as a warning splash. anxiety clutches my guts, twisting my insides with an
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape its grasp. anxiety clings to me like a heavy shroud, smothering my thoughts and clouding my judgment, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the relentless churning of my thoughts keeps me awake at night, robbing me of precious rest and leaving me exhausted during the day. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of logic and reason, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. the grip of anxiety tightens around me, stealing my breath and focus, leaving
this could take the form of a journal entry or an interior monologue. title swallowed by the vortex the world around me seems to spin ever faster, my thoughts entwined in a never ending dance of unease. each breath draws me deeper into the vortex. time clings to me, sluggish and indifferent. my chest aches with the weight of expectation. i can hardly muster the strength to lift my pen from the page. what if i am wrong? what if i let everyone down? the words gnarl and twist in my mind, demanding release. but the fear of failure drowns the creative impulse. the more i try to
every breath i take feels heavy and uncertain. the constant churning in my stomach is a constant reminder that my thoughts are spiraling out of control. i can't seem to focus on anything, as if my mind is a storm cloud, filled with dark thoughts and relentless worry. anxiety has a grip on me, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts. my mind races with a million thoughts at once, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless. i'm drowning in a sea of worry, with each wave crashing over me, threatening to pull me under.
anxiety of letting possessions go for new ones does anyone else feel anxious when you try to donate or throw away unusable or old items? how do you cope with these feelings? i m trying to bring myself to buy a new mattress, bed frame, sheets, etc. but i m finding a million reasons not to mainly attachment reasons. i know i need a new mattress and box spring for health reasons at the very least but i don t want to buy another twin i m a young adult . i d like to try to break these thoughts and find joy in a new purchase. it s taken two years to decide to purchase a new bed.
here's mine anxiety grips my chest, each breath laborious, and it's not the fear of failure or rejection, but the fear of being unable to handle any situation that life brings. i long for the calmness of simplicity but am trapped in the labyrinth of uncertainty. yet, i must remind myself that anxiety, like a gale, only lasts so long before it retreats. and amidst the chaos lies potential, moments of peace, growth. and even when i falter, stumble, there are loving hands ready to support me. perhaps tomorrow, with hope and courage rekindled, i will face that storm once more.
inner voice frustrated another late night and i still have a thousand things to do. this deadline is getting closer and i'm not even halfway done. anxiously what if i can't complete this project on time? what if my boss is unhappy with my work? doubtfully maybe i'm not as capable as i thought i was. perhaps i overreached and should have taken on fewer responsibilities. self critically i should have started earlier, worked longer hours, maybe even sacrificed some sleep. now it's too late. apprehensively i'll lose my job, my reputation, my credibility. what will people think
inner monologue breathe, just breathe. the clock ticks louder than usual, an oppressive drumbeat that pounds with my heart. the deadlines loom closer with each second that passes. my thoughts race, tangled and chaotic, like an electric storm. am i good enough? did i do enough? will i make it? the weight of these questions presses against my chest, a crushing burden. i should have finished this hours ago. but the words wouldn't flow, stuck on the page like molasses. time keeps slipping away and i'm powerless to stop it. fear grips my throat, threatening to stifle all reason
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as my anxiety threatens to consume me from the inside out. the weight of worry and uncertainty bears down on me, making even the most mundane tasks seem insurmountable. my thoughts spiral out of control, like a runaway train, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against their relentless tide. the grip of anxiety tightens
they seem lost in thought, feeling overwhelmed, scared, uncertain about the future. they have many doubts and unanswered questions running through their mind i can't breathe, can't think, can't focus. this isn't it, not supposed to feel like this, not supposed to be here. am i in the right place? have i made a grave mistake? my heart is racing, mind is spinning, anxiety is gnawing at my insides. every little thing seems monumental every choice, decision, uncertainty magnified. i'm second guessing myself, replaying scenarios, looking for a glimmer of what's to come, a sign,
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but my fears. anxiety grips me, leaving me frozen with fear and unable to make even the simplest decisions. the weight of my thoughts is unbearable, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath. fear clutches at my heart, making it hard to breathe and focus on anything but the worst case scenario. i feel like a leaf in the wind, tossed and turned by every
high heart rate i had trouble sleeping last week, i was very sleep deprived but i managed to get back to my normal sleep schedule again since friday. the problem is i now have a fast heart rate of 90 all day, even when resting. i was lying on my bed trying to sleep and then sat down to measure it and it gave me readings as high as 107 bpm and as low as 91. i m worried this will deteriorate my health and give me heart issues. my normal heart rate is in the 75s and below. i wanna see my doctor but i feel he is already tired of me and i feel like i might be wasting his time.
for ha sufferers with different anxieties than mine... i have very distinct ha fears sti s namely so whenever someone talks about brain tumors or aneurysm s i just can t relate. this is refreshing because it reminds me of how other people feel when they hear me talk about my complex theories of how i might be ill. this isn t minimizing what anyone else is saying, but this forum does provide me with a really good perspective on my own issues. thank you to everyone who is willing to be vulnerable on here... having ha is painful, and opening up about it is even more painful.
deep, labored breaths i can't do this. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, threatening to crush me under its heavy burden. i'm trembling, both internally and externally, unable to shake the feeling of impending doom. my heart pounds in my chest, a frantic beacon that screams of my panic, threatening to leap from my body and fly away at any given moment. pause i need to focus, to steady my racing thoughts. my palms slick with sweat, they skid against the keys, fingers stuttering over the keyboard in an erratic dance, producing nothing of substance, nothing that
every nerve in my body is on edge, i'm constantly on the brink of panic, and simple tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety has me trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, making even the simplest decisions seem impossible. my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, i can't focus on anything and i'm exhausted from constantly being in fight or flight mode. i feel like i'm stuck in my own head, unable to escape the endless loop of fear and doubt that consumes me. the weight of anxiety is a heavy burden on my shoulders, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly.
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. anxiety grips me, making simple tasks feel insurmountable as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. my thoughts race at a thousand miles an hour, and i'm held captive by the fear that i can't escape, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my mind is a battleground of conflicting thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling paralyzed and unable to move forward. i'm drowning in a sea of
worried about the flu. hey guys, i've always been extremely worried about my health and i always think that something is wrong with me. the flu going around is quite severe, and for two days now i've been feeling a bit run down. my cough has not worsened in two days, and i have not run a fever. my glands in my neck are swollen, though. i am so worried that i have the flu. i never really worried about catching the flu, but since the strain this season seems to be killing many people, i am extremely worried. do my symptoms sound like flu symptoms? thanks for your responses.
inner voice deep, rapid breaths i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's just too much. i can't carry it all anymore. the deadline is creeping up on me and the project is barely scraping by. the fear is palpable, the stress threatening to boil over. the stakes are high and every mistake will have dire consequences. but what can i do? i need to keep pushing forward, keep fighting. but it feels impossible. the darkness seems to be closing in. me comforting tone you're not alone in this. remember all the times you've overcome obstacles before? you
every nerve in my body is on edge, like a tightly strung instrument, ready to shatter at the slightest provocation. the thoughts in my head are a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling lost and disoriented, unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming anxiety. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. anxiety claws at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling helpless and alone, as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders. my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a run
thought my heart races, my mind swirls, i can't focus. am i missing something important? is this anxiety or just my brain playing tricks on me? every little thing seems like a crisis. how will i ever get through the day? i feel trapped in this spinning vortex of worry and fear. the weight of it all is unbearable. but i can't give in. i have to keep pushing forward. i have to be strong. i just need to calm down, take a deep breath, and keep going. but the cycle repeats itself, day after day. is this really living? i can't let anxiety win. i need to find a way to break free
high heart rate i had trouble sleeping last week, i was very sleep deprived but i managed to get back to my normal sleep schedule again since friday. the problem is i now have a fast heart rate of 90 all day, even when resting. i was lying on my bed trying to sleep and then sat down to measure it and it gave me readings as high as 107 bpm and as low as 91. i m worried this will deteriorate my health and give me heart issues. my normal heart rate is in the 75s and below. i wanna see my doctor but i feel he is already tired of me and i feel like i might be wasting his time.
they're lost in a dark forest, unable to find their way back to civilization. the sun is setting and they have no source of light or shelter. inner monologue whispering to himself i'm lost. god, i'm really lost. i knew that shortcut through the forest would save me time, but now i wish i had stuck to the road. the sun is setting, and i have no source of light, no shelter. my heart beats faster with each passing moment, my breaths shallow and uneven. the forest grows thicker, the trees casting long, ominous shadows. the birds have ceased their chirping, replaced by the shr
in the quiet recesses of her mind, elizabeth wrestled with the tempest of anxiety that threatened to overwhelm her. her heart raced in time with the rhythm of her fears, and her thoughts, once orderly and focused, careened through the labyrinth of her consciousness in a chaotic and disorganized frenzy. what if i fail? she asked herself, her voice barely audible above the clamor of her own thoughts. what if i can't do this? what if i let everyone down? her mind, once a well trodden path of logical thought and clear headed analysis, now felt like a treacherous forest, where
anyone else out there with cardiophobia? think i've accepted now i've got pretty bad cardiophobia. get every manner of symptom missed beats, fast hr at rest, dizzy, sick, lightheaded, legs feeling heavy, sometimes stabbing chest pain. had a million heart tests all normal. what symptoms do you guys get? how did it all start for you? and what has actually helped you get out of this hole of being scared of your own heart? it's insane to even remember what it was like just going about your day and not thinking every slight physical symptom is your heart about to stop beating.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one more overwhelming than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped. the constant knot in my stomach and the endless stream of thoughts that race through my mind, make it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety clings to me like a heavy cloak, smothering my every thought and action, leaving me feeling vulnerable and helpless. fear grips my heart with an iron fist, holding me captive in its grip, as my mind spirals out of control, fueled by endless doubts and insecurities. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry
why does anxiety have so many random ass symptoms from panic attacks to hyperventilation to chest pains to racing thoughts to dizzyness to lightheadedness to afraid of leaving the house to burning hands? i fucking hate this shit so much. if you got panic attacks and anxiety from weed pleaseeeee share your thoughts on destroying this disease i want to leave my house again i want to mingle with people again i want to be able to get on my fucking computer and do normal shit that everyone does again rather than wrapping myself in my bed sheets all day everyday and taking meds
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and self doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the fear gnawing at my insides.' 'i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts that won't let me rest, leaving me exhausted and unable to function properly.' 'every breath feels labored, as if the weight of my fears is pressing down on my chest, making it hard to draw in a deep breath.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to regain control over my own
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making simple tasks feel insurmountable, as if my thoughts have grown heavy chains around me. here are ten more 1. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one adding to the fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. 2. anxiety clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe, as i question my every decision and second guess myself. 3. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i feel as though i can't carry it any longer, suffocating under the pressure. 4. my mind races with worst case scenarios,
try to capture their thoughts in the moment as they struggle with anxiety and distress. anxious mind breathing heavily, heart pounding what if i can't do this? what if i mess up again? they all expect so much from me. i can't let them down. but what if i can't live up to their expectations? i can't bear the thought of disappointing them. and what if something bad happens? god, there are a million things that could go wrong. what if i make a mistake at work and they fire me? what if my family finds out i can't handle this pressure? i'll be a disappointment to them too. i'm
i can't deal with this anymore my anxiety has gotten really bad lately. it has gotten to the point where i'm getting anxiety attacks almost everyday now and i don't know how to make it stop. i can't stop worrying and overthinking. my brain won't shut up. it has been keeping me up at night and i wake up every morning feeling anxious. i've tried meditation, exercising, yoga and i even cut caffeine out of my diet but nothing has worked. i feel so exhausted and defeated. i don't think i can cope with this much longer. i feel like i'm on the verge of having a mental breakdown.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. i'm held captive by my thoughts, each one a heavy ball and chain that keeps me tethered to a past mistake or an uncertain future. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat a reminder of the constant tension in my body, as i struggle to keep anxiety from consuming me entirely. the world outside seems to fade away as my inner turmoil grows louder, drowning out all logic and reason with its relentless, crushing weight. i'm a prisoner in my own mind, shackled by
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts and racing heartbeats, leaving me feeling powerless and hopeless. every moment is tinged with dread, as if i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop and the anxiety to consume me entirely. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace, as the grip of anxiety tightens around my heart and mind. anxiety has become my constant companion, a relentless storm cloud that follows me everywhere, casting a shadow over my
in the depths of my consciousness, a maelstrom of worry and apprehension churns, threatening to drown me in its chaotic waves. the clock's unforgiving ticking echoes in my ears, taunting me with its incessant reminder of the time slipping through my fingers. the weight of my responsibilities, both present and future, presses down on me like a crushing burden, suffocating my every thought. my heart races, beating erratically as i ponder the multitude of uncertainties that lay before me. what if i fail? what if i disappoint those who believe in me? what if i can't deliver?
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind races with worst case scenarios, and every little thing feels like a mountain to climb. i'm constantly on edge, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trying to keep going, but sometimes it feels like i'm drowning in my thoughts. i need a break from this constant anxiety, but it's hard to find a moment of peace.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, as if the ground beneath me is constantly shifting, and i'm helpless to keep my balance. or, my mind is a chaotic storm of thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to escape the vicious cycle of worry and fear that consumes me, leaving me feeling isolated and alone. anxiety clutches at my heart, tightening its grip with every passing moment, as if trying to suffocate the very essence of who i am. fear gnaws at me, a relentless hunger that
what is going on in their mind as they sit in a room, feeling helpless, uncertain, and fearful? inner dialogue the ticking clock on the wall feels like a hammer, each second a blow, a reminder of the time slipping away, the deadlines encroaching. my heart beats in sync with the clock's ticking, faster, harder with every passing second. the room shrinks, suffocating me, closing in with the weight of the world's expectations on my shoulders. my thoughts whirl, uncontrollable, a chaotic dance in my mind, a kaleidoscope of anxiety, regret, and fear. i am trapped, an observer
my mind is a never ending storm of worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear. anxiety clutches my thoughts, robbing me of peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of uncertainty and doubt. every breath i take feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of worry, as if i m constantly on the brink of a panic attack. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, crushing my spirit and leaving me feeling helpless and alone in a world that moves too fast. anxiety's grip tightens around me, leaving me unable to distinguish reality from fear,
inside my head, a cacophony of chaos and anxiety reverberated. heart pounded in my chest as the seconds ticked by. my breaths came shallow and rapid, as though i were running through the forest from an unseen predator. fear gnawed at my very core. it clung to me like a shadow, always there, always lurking, and i couldn't escape. the looming uncertainty of my future weighed on me like a heavy burden, threatening to crush the fragile sense of self i had left. but beneath the fear, there was a deeper fear that of failure. the fear of not living up to my own expectations, of
i can't do this, i just can't. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, and i feel as though i'm being swallowed whole by my own anxiety. my heart races, my breath shallow and uneven. every muscle in my body trembles, and i can't stop the thoughts from racing through my mind. why is this happening to me? what did i do to deserve this? i've tried to be good, to follow the rules, to do the right thing. yet here i am, staring down the barrel of another panic attack, unable to escape the clutches of my own thoughts. my mind spirals, drawing me further and further into
inner monologue breathing heavily, mind racing this can't be happening. not now. not again. my heart pounds in my chest, thumping a panicked drumbeat against my ribs. my palms are slick with sweat, leaving them sticky to the cold metal railing of the bridge. what am i doing here? why did i let myself be talked into this? why does everyone act like jumping is the only way to escape this pain? my eyes dart around, searching for an escape route. somehow, i ve ended up on this bridge in the dead of night, unable to remember the steps that led me here. a car rolls past below,
inner voice deep, trembling tone oh no, this can't be happening. the clock seems to be stuck, the numbers unchanging as the minutes tick by. the room spins around me, a vortex of discomfort and unease. i can feel the weight of the world pressing down on my shoulders. the knots in my stomach are like iron balls, aching with every shallow breath i take. my heart races, thumping an irregular, discordant rhythm in my chest. thoughts and doubts swirl around in my mind, like a storm cloud gathering on the horizon. what if i'm not good enough? what if i fail? my palms grow clam
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry and doubt, unable to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts in my head. the weight of my anxiety feels like a heavy fog, clouding my judgment and making it hard to focus on anything else. anxiety grips my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to break free from its grip. my heart races and my mind races faster, it's a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty that leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless. anxiety claws at my
my mind is a never ending storm of doubts and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. alternatively, anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to find peace or calm in the chaos. my heart pounds and my mind races, drowning out any semblance of logic or reason, leaving me paralyzed by fear. every breath i take feels like a struggle, my thoughts spiraling out of control, trapping me in a cycle of worry and unease. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and alone.
inner monologue oh no, here we go again. my heart is racing, palms are sweating, and my mind is a swirling vortex of worry and fear. the familiar weight of anxiety settles in, heavy and oppressive, as i try to remember the last time i felt this calm. i can't. i can't remember the last time i felt this calm. my thoughts race, a chaotic symphony of worst case scenarios and irrational fears. what if i never amount to anything? what if i make the wrong decision? what if i fail, and everyone i care about is disappointed in me? i can't help but compare myself to others, their
in the dark, quiet recesses of my consciousness, the chaotic undercurrents of my thoughts churn, in a perpetual frenzy. my heart thumps wildly, a runaway train pounding rhythmically through the veins of my body. i'm an actor, cast in the lead role of my own personal tragedy, playing a part i never auditioned for that of the hapless, the helpless, and ultimately, the hopeless. each breath feels shallow, the sweetest gift of life sucked dry by the ravenous tendrils of anxiety that twist around my being, squeezing out the essence of tranquility. i try to focus, to grasp on
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, and i can t seem to shake the feeling that something terrible is lurking around the corner.' 'i m constantly on edge, my thoughts a chaotic symphony of worry and fear that threatens to consume me.' 'my nerves are frayed, and every little thing sets off a wave of anxiety that crashes over me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'anxiety is a relentless storm in my head, drowning out rational thought and leaving me
every breath feels labored, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, paralyzing me from taking even the simplest actions. or, my thoughts spin in circles, and i can't escape the fear that something terrible is just around the corner, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped. or, anxiety clutches my chest, stealing my breath and focus, as i struggle to keep up with the endless stream of intrusive thoughts threatening to overwhelm me. or, my mind is a stormy sea, tossing me from one fear to the next, leaving me drenched and disoriented, unable to find solid ground. or,
i'm consumed by an endless storm of worries, my mind a chaotic whirlwind, leaving me powerless to escape its gripping clutches. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of fear and uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control, each one more terrifying than the last. anxiety claws at me from within, its relentless grip tightening with every breath, leaving me feeling both helpless and alone. the weight of my worries presses down on me like a heavy burden, each thought a mountain to climb, leaving me drained and defeated. my thoughts race ahead of me like a runaway train, each
one common anxious thought is, i'm not good enough. i'll never be able to do this, and if i make a mistake, everyone will see that i'm a fraud. this thought can manifest in various areas of life, such as in a professional setting where an individual fears they will be exposed as inadequate, or in personal relationships where one doubts their worth and ability to connect with others. it's important to note that anxious thoughts are normal to some extent, but when they become excessive, unrealistic, and impact one's daily life, they may require attention and intervention.
has anyone had similar lymph node experiences? hi all, i ve managed to completely convince myself i ve got some sort of lymphoma. basically about 3 months ago i noticed my right tonsil had swelled up and the lymph node connected to it under my ear had as well and is hard. i saw my gp and they weren t too concerned and referred me to an ent. my ent appointment is in 2 weeks. i ve got myself worried to death that i must have lymphoma. so i m wondering if anyone else has had any similar experiences with swollen lymph nodes tonsils, and what it turned out to be? thanks all.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like being trapped in a storm inside my mind. every decision, every interaction, every moment of stillness they all bring a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty. i'm constantly second guessing myself, replaying past conversations, and anticipating worst case scenarios. it's exhausting and isolating, leaving me longing for the calm after the storm.
inner monologue oh god, what have i done? i can't believe i did that. that stupid mistake, that one moment of carelessness, has put me in this unbearable situation. my heart is racing, my mind is spinning, and my breath is shallow. i'm so scared, so alone, and so unsure of what to do next. i keep replaying that moment over and over again in my head, reliving the terror, the shame, and the fear of the unknown consequences. i can't shake the feeling of dread that has settled in my stomach, like a heavy stone that refuses to be lifted. i'm not strong enough for this, i can
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fear and worry, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of endless thoughts, unable to quiet the storm in my head and find peace. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, and my thoughts race on an endless loop, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling fragile and uncertain. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and paralyzed by fear.
keep it focused and vividly detailed. inner monologue my heart races, a thunderstorm pounding wildly inside my chest, as i sit frozen on the cracked, splintered wooden bench. my breaths hitch, shallow and rapid, as the sweat beads on my brow, each one threatening to slide relentlessly down my face. my mind swirls, a tumultuous cacophony of thoughts i am paralyzed, unable to break free from this web of anxiety and fear that clutches my being, suffocating me with its icy fingers. every nerve ending is alive with a primal terror, the kind that chills me to my core, leaving
i'm drowning in a sea of fears and worries. each wave crashes over me, threatening to pull me under. my heart races and my mind races faster, thoughts swirling like a tempest, leaving me unable to focus or think clearly. the weight of the world presses down on me, and i'm unsure how to break free. my chest tightens with every inhale, making it harder to breathe, harder to think. i'm lost in this ocean of anxiety, and i'm not sure i'll ever make it to the shore. create a response from someone calmly reminding the anxious person of their strengths. i know that feeling, it
how would cognitive restructuring help address that thought? anxious thought i can't handle this workload. i have too many projects due at the same time and i'm going to fail. cognitive restructuring 1. identify the thinking error all or nothing thinking catastrophic thinking 2. challenge the thought a. evidence i've successfully completed similar workloads in the past. i've managed my time effectively and met deadlines. i have a good understanding of the projects and the resources available to me. b. alternative thinking i may not be able to finish all projects at once
i'm here in this dimly lit room, my heart racing, palms sweaty, breaths shallowed, and i can't shake this feeling of dread. my thoughts race, swirling like the water in a tumultuous storm, relentless and all consuming. why am i like this? why can't i just be normal? my mind clings to every detail, every inflection, and my thoughts distort the situation. the fear grows with each passing second, a malignant vine that threatens to engulf me entirely. every creak of the floorboards sends my heart into an uproar. a shadow passing through the hall outside sends my mind into a
inner voice sighs deeply, rubbing forehead another email from the boss. why does it always feel like an emergency? another project deadline that i ve gotta magically meet, even though it's been only two days since the last one. i'm not superman. can t i just catch a break for a change? i m trying to keep up with everything, but this is getting too much. i don't even know where to begin! the endless flow of tasks, responsibilities, obligations... my head is spinning. why does it feel like there aren t enough hours in a day? why can t there just be one moment, one hour...
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, as if the ground beneath me is constantly shifting and i'm struggling to keep my balance. my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, and it's hard to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that keep replaying in my head. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the relentless cycle of worry and fear. the world around me seems to blur into a haze as my anxiety escalates, and even the simplest tasks become an insurmountable challenge. fear clutches my heart, and my
every time i close my eyes, my mind is flooded with worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. anxiety clutches my thoughts, making simple decisions feel like a mountain to conquer and leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted. my mind spirals out of control, dwelling on every potential danger and leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry and fear. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the constant chatter and feeling like i'm on the edge of a precipice, teetering with fear and trepidation. fear grips my heart, and my mind races with
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, each passing moment amplifying my anxieties until they consume me entirely. anxiety grips me, its icy tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the crushing weight of my own worries. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me powerless to stop them and plunging me into a deep pit of fear and self doubt. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out all other sounds, as my mind races with a thousand what ifs, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. an
nervous about hantavirus i cleaned out a large shed with two other guys. there was mouse poop in a ton of places and we had little to no ventilation in there because of the cold temperatures trying to keep the heat inside. we were sweeping and moving things so the turds were definitely aerosoled. it's been 3 days and i'm nervous about hanta. i've already read about it before and had anxiety about it when cleaning mouse poop out of my truck. my only reassurance is that there has never been a case of hanta in my state. i live in the northeast....do you think i'll be okay?
my mind is a storm of constant worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts are spinning out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, and i'm unable to escape the vicious cycle of anxiety, no matter how hard i try. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear, and the more i struggle, the deeper i seem to sink, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety is a relentless beast that gnaws at my mind, filling me with doubt and fear, and i can't seem to find any refuge from its cl
heart racing every morning i ve been struggling for a almost a week now every morning i wake up around 5 30am way earlier than my intended wake up time with my heart pounding out of my chest, chest tightness and sometimes pain, and my anxiety is through the roof. just posting this in here in case anyone has similar experiences or has had things that help them. i have little to no trouble falling asleep at night but mornings have been absolutely awful lately because of this. i ve been to the er twice for anxiety panic and had ekg and bloodwork tests all come back normal.
my mind is a never ending cycle of worry, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'every breath i take feels labored, as if i'm constantly on the edge of a panic attack.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.' 'anxiety clutches at my chest, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear consuming me.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making even the smallest decisions feel like a mountain to climb.' 'my body trembles with fear, and my mind races with thoughts i can't escape, leaving me
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and doubt, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to focus on the present moment.' 'anxiety clutches at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, making it hard to breathe and function normally.' 'fear grips my heart, leaving me frozen and unable to move forward in life.' 'my mind is a battleground of conflicting thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.' 'the relentless ch
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, and i can t seem to shake the feeling that something terrible is lurking around the corner.' 'i m constantly on edge, my thoughts a chaotic symphony of worry and fear that threatens to consume me.' 'my nerves are frayed, and every little thing sets off a wave of anxiety that crashes over me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'anxiety is a relentless storm in my head, drowning out rational thought and leaving me
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like a never ending storm inside me. the slightest trigger sets off a wave of fear and doubt. every interaction, every decision, every moment of silence they all become opportunities for my mind to spiral into the unknown, filled with worst case scenarios. it's exhausting, constantly battling these thoughts, yet i can't seem to find a way out.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is racing with a million thoughts, and it's like a constant storm inside me. every little thing sets off a wave of anxiety. i can't help but feel like i'm constantly under a microscope, with everyone watching and judging me. it's exhausting and overwhelming. i just wish i could find some peace and quiet in my own mind.
my mind is a chaotic storm, swirling with endless fears and doubts, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped. anxiety gnaws at me, a constant companion, whispering lies and stealing my peace, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain. fear clutches my heart, its icy fingers wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me frozen and paralyzed with worry. anxiety is a relentless shadow, following me wherever i go, casting doubt upon my every decision and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of worry, the waves crashing over me, leaving me gas
monica's heart raced as she checked her phone for the tenth time in the last hour. the call she'd been expecting never came. she clutched her desk, feeling the cool, smooth surface against her sweaty palms. her breath came in short, shallow gasps. her mind raced with worst case scenarios. what if he's been in an accident? what if something happened to him on the way to the meeting? she thought, her voice barely a whisper in the empty room. what if the police are calling to tell me that he's been arrested? what if... monica's thoughts were a wild, chaotic mess. her mind
kidney stone pain i went to the emergency room about a couple of months ago and they found two stones in my right kidney. one stone is small while one is 9 millimeters. they sent me home, believing i can pass this stone thats 9 millimeters. well i woke up early this morning in severe pain in my lower back. caused my anxiety to skyrocket. i forgot that kidney stones move around, and that the pain fluctuates. its been a couple months. i just wanna have this stone go away. i just forgot how much pain one little stone can cause. i m just now worried about my kidney itself.
use different tenses, perspectives and verb forms to show the dynamic flow of thoughts and feelings. in the incessant symphony of alarm, a cacophony of anxieties reverberated, swelling my awareness like cresting waves upon an already storm tossed sea. present heart pounding, every inch of my being seemed to reverberate with the urgency of impending doom. why now? a cold sweat coated my temples as past fears resurfaced, their jagged teeth gnawing anew at the foundations of my sanity. this moment of reckoning, a tangible, suffocating presence that refused to yield to the
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the anxiety that consumes me. every breath feels labored as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my peace and leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry and fear. my heart pounds in my chest as i struggle to make sense of the overwhelming thoughts that swirl through my mind. anxiety's grip tightens around me, making it hard to breathe, let alone function in the world around me. the weight of my
thought my heart races with every passing second, the weight of responsibility pressing down upon me like an unyielding boulder. i can't focus, i can't breathe. i'm stuck in this cycle of fear and doubt, a vicious circle that threatens to consume me entirely. i thought i could handle this, but now i'm not so sure. each task looms larger, each obstacle higher. i'm drowning in the tidal wave of my own expectations. i need a break, a moment to regroup, to gather myself. but how can i, when there's always something more to do, always another demand on my time and energy? i
in the suffocating grip of my anxiety, each inhalation becomes a chore, each exhalation a hesitant, desperate plea for escape. my heart hammers like a jackhammer against the fragile walls of my ribcage. the cacophony in my mind is deafening. it's as if an army of chatterboxes with megaphones is holding a nonstop rally in my thoughts. my thoughts are drenched in fear, each one building upon the next, until the fear grows larger, like a towering tidal wave, waiting for the opportunity to crash down and consume me whole. i scan the room, searching for an anchor, something
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. or, anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain, unable to focus on anything but the fear coursing through my veins. the weight of worry presses down on me, each breath a struggle as i fight to keep my thoughts from spiraling out of control. fear grips my heart, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unsure of how to break free from its grip. the world around me fades away as anxiety takes hold, leaving me isolated and consumed by
every thought in my head is magnified, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain. i'm caught in a loop of worry and fear, unable to focus or find peace, feeling as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders alone. my mind races with a million thoughts at once, leaving me exhausted and unable to relax or find solace in the present moment. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to quiet the storm in my head and find calm amidst the chaos. anxiety leaves me feeling like a leaf in the wind, tossed about by the slightest breeze,
use descriptive language and vivid imagery. in the quiet recesses of her mind, a tempest brewed. the storm clouds gathered, heavy and ominous, darkening the corners of her thoughts. with each passing moment, the winds of anxiety gusted, threatening to unravel the fragile fabric of her sanity. her heart pounded in her chest, a relentless drumbeat driving her into a frenzy. her breaths came in short, jagged gasps, each one leaving her feeling emptier than the last. sweat trickled down her spine, slicking her skin and making her shiver. a churning sensation swelled in her
and then provide three calming phrases or ways to challenge this anxious thought and think more realistically. example of an anxious thought i have to get an 'a' on this test, otherwise i'll fail the class and my professor will think i'm stupid. calming phrases or ways to challenge this anxious thought 1. reality check i understand that getting an 'a' would be great, but a bad grade doesn't equate to being stupid. the professor and i both know that this single test won't determine my overall intelligence and competence. it's just one piece of the puzzle. 2. perspective
my mind is a never ending cycle of worry and fear, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest of tasks. anxiety has me trapped in a prison of my own thoughts, constantly second guessing and overanalyzing every decision i make. my mind is a battleground of fear and doubt, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by my own thoughts. my thoughts race like a wildfire, leaving me feeling out of control and unable to find peace in the present moment. anxiety is a heavy weight on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my thoughts are a
i am going to start tracking all my anxiety symptoms so i can go back and laugh at myself later when this shit is happening it s unbelievably taxing mentally, but after it s over it s laughably stupid. for instance, today 4 10, 7pm. was eating trail mix and a protein drink and had a twinge of nausea. since i m on lisinopril i can t have a ton of potassium so of course i freak out and think my potassium is building up and that i m gonna have a heart attack. fucking stupid. this is at least the 40th time. little stuff like this happens at least 4 5 times a day. what fun.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts i can't escape, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts spiral into a dark abyss, each worry compounding the last, as my body trembles with fear, unable to find solace or stillness. fear gnaws at me, a constant companion that won't let me rest, my heart pounds in my chest, my mind consumed by worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. i'm drowning in a sea of worry, each wave crashing over me, my chest tight, my breath shallow, every moment a struggle to
inner voice sighs deeply another day, another dollar, or should i say, another day, another mountain of responsibilities to climb? i can't breathe, my heart is racing, my mind is racing faster than an olympic sprinter, and for what? to keep up with deadlines, to pay bills, to put food on the table, to keep the family happy? i'm feeling so overwhelmed, so helpless. mind but you've done this before, you've juggled work, family, and other commitments, and you've managed to keep everything in check. you've always found a way out of these situations, but it's getting harder
what are the biological processes that occur when someone experiences an anxious thought? example of an anxious thought i'm going to miss my flight, i'll never make it in time despite leaving early and allowing a lot of time for traffic and security checks. biological processes during anxious thoughts 1. autonomic nervous system ans activation of the ans is a key response to anxiety. the ans has two branches the sympathetic nervous system sns and the parasympathetic nervous system pns . anxiety triggers the sns, which results in the fight or flight response. 2. release
inner dialogue oh no, i can't do this. the weight of responsibility pressing down on me is unbearable. i feel like i'm being sucked into a black hole of anxiety and doubt. what if i make the wrong decision? what if i let someone down? every decision i make feels like a calculated risk, and the stakes keep getting higher. i can't take this stress anymore. my heart races, my thoughts are a chaotic jumble, and my muscles are taut with tension. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of fear. the fear of failure, the fear of letting others down, the fear of the unknown. it's all
thought why can't i just be normal? everyone else seems to have their lives figured out, while i'm stuck in this never ending cycle of worry and fear. i can't concentrate on anything, my mind races with thoughts of what could go wrong. i feel like i'm drowning, suffocating under the weight of my own thoughts. why can't i turn them off, or at least quiet them down enough to focus? i'm tired of feeling this way, but i don't know how to make it stop. i'm just a mess, a hot mess of a human being. this thought reflects the feeling of being overwhelmed by anxiety, where the
my mind is a storm of worrying thoughts, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety weighs heavy on my shoulders, making me feel powerless and trapped in my own thoughts.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, with each wave bringing new fears and doubts.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling helpless and afraid.' 'the constant churn of my anxious thoughts leaves me feeling exhausted and drained.' 'anxiety grips my heart, squeezing the life out of me and leaving me struggling to breathe.' 'i'm caught in a vicious
this inner dialogue should contain multiple senses, making it as vivid as possible. inner dialogue heart hammering in my chest, sweat dribbling down my spine. the sun, a searing inferno, beats down on my head like a punishing merciless hammer. the scent of fear wafts off me in sickening waves, mingling with the acrid tang of exhaust fumes from passing cars. my breath hisses, shallow and ragged. a cold breeze sends a shiver down my spine, clawing at the goosebumps that dot my shivering flesh. the grating cacophony of traffic merges with the cacophony of chaos inside my
anxiety is a relentless storm, drowning my thoughts and clouds my vision. my heart beats wildly, as if it's trying to escape the chaos within me. i'm tethered to a never ending sea of worries, and the waves crash over me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. the future seems uncertain, and the present unbearable. each breath i take is a struggle, each moment a fight. the world spins around me, a dizzying blur of uncertainty and fear. i'm lost in the tempest, and all i can do is cling to the remnants of calm and hope that eventually, the storm will pass. but for now,
every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the fear of making a wrong choice leaves me paralyzed.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my mind racing with worst case scenarios, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'my mind is a jumble of anxious thoughts, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter long enough to focus on anything else.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, my thoughts spiraling out of control and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to push them away
my mind is a never ending cycle of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every breath i take feels heavy, and my thoughts race faster than i can keep up, leaving me feeling trapped in my own head. anxiety claws at me from the inside, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to focus on anything else but the storm brewing in my mind. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one leading to another, creating a web of fear and uncertainty that's hard to escape. the
this doesn't have to be a long, cohesive piece. just a few sentences capturing the essence of what it's like to be stuck in an anxious spiral. in the whirlwind of anxious thoughts, i'm lost in a maze of worry and fear. every decision, every choice feels like a weight on my shoulders, a boulder to carry. my heart races, my breath shallow. i can't escape the cycle of doubts and fears that swirls around in my mind. each thought feels heavier than the last, like a relentless wave crashing over me. the world outside fades away, leaving only the claustrophobic embrace of my
every time i try to focus on work, my mind wanders to worst case scenarios, making it impossible to concentrate.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the constant internal chatter.' 'the weight of uncertainty weighs heavily on my chest, and i can't seem to catch a break from my racing thoughts.' 'my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'i'm held captive by the grip of anxiety, unable to break free from its relentless hold on my thoughts.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling like i'm
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'every moment is filled with fear and uncertainty, as if i'm walking on a tightrope without a safety net.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'my anxiety feels like a heavy fog, obscuring my vision and making it hard to see a clear path forward.' 'i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the endless cycle of worry and fear.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with thoughts that keep
every time i wake up, my mind is a swirl of worries and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a constant cycle of fear and self doubt, my thoughts spiraling out of control like an endless loop of worry.' 'anxiety claws at me relentlessly, snatching away my peace and leaving me a prisoner to my own restless thoughts.' 'the weight of uncertainty and fear presses down on me, suffocating me and stealing my ability to focus and function.' 'my thoughts race and collide like a chaotic storm in my mind, leaving me feeling disoriented and
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making simple decisions feels like an insurmountable challenge. my thoughts are a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus or find calm in the midst of my anxious thoughts. anxiety has me in its grip, each breath a struggle, my mind a battlefield of fear and doubt, unsure of how to break free. my heart races and my mind races faster, the weight of worry consumes me, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. anxiety clouds my thoughts, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality, unsure of how
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, and i can't seem to find any peace or tranquility. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and overwhelming. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that play out in my mind. the weight of my anxieties presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly, and leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. my heart races and my palms sweat as i struggle to keep my fears at bay, knowing that one small trigger
monologue my heart races, pounding against my ribcage. i can't focus, thoughts and worries swirl through my mind like a relentless storm. the shadows in every corner seem to amplify the fear gnawing at the edges of my consciousness. time slows as i grapple with the irrational yet compelling sense that something terrible looms just beyond my grasp. with every breath, i can't help but feel as though i'm drowning in a sea of doubt, uncertainty, and apprehension. a voice, barely audible, whispers words of solace and reassurance deep within my thoughts. you're overthinking
inner voice deep sigh i can't believe it. another crisis. how is it that things always seem to go wrong when i'm already stretched so thin? the deadline is fast approaching and there's no way i can meet it. the project at work has become an insurmountable mountain. self but you've tackled challenging projects before and you've come out on top. inner voice yeah, but this one feels different. the pressure is higher and the stakes are greater. plus, there are too many moving parts, too many moving targets. i feel like i'm losing control. self look, you're smart, capable,
should i be worried about my swollen lymph node i ve had a slightly swollen lymph node on the right side of my neck under my chin for a week. doesn t hurt and hasnt increased in size. i also don t feel sick which is actually what worries me because i was looking up my symptoms i know, bad idea and all my symptoms pointed to lymphoma. i just got blood work done less than two weeks ago though for something else and everything looked normal. should i go to a doctor anyway or does this just happen sometimes? i ve been touching it a lot so i m not sure if i m irritating it
my mind is a storm of constant worry, each thought building upon the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace. my thoughts race faster than my heartbeat, each one a fear laden question, and i'm drowning in the anxiety they create. the weight of my worries presses down on me like a heavy burden, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything else. anxiety's grip on me tightens, every nerve ending electrified with fear and uncertainty, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. fear's icy tendrils wrap around my heart, stealing my breath and focus
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, constantly racing and leaving me feeling powerless. the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and my heart beats uncontrollably, as if trying to escape my chest. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, fearing the judgment of others and the consequences of my actions. anxiety is a heavy burden that i can't seem to shake off. it's exhausting.
i'm trapped in a storm of thoughts, unable to calm my racing mind and find peace.' 'my worry feels like a heavy weight, pulling me down and suffocating me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches at me, stealing my breath and focus, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.' 'my thoughts are a jumbled mess, swirling around in my head like a tornado, leaving me disoriented and disconnected from reality.' 'i'm caught in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, my mind a constant battlefield of anxious thoughts and doubts.' 'fear grips me like a
every breath i take feels heavy, as if the weight of my fears is pressing down on me, making it hard to focus on anything else. my mind is a chaotic storm, and i'm just trying to hold on, hoping it will eventually calm down, but the fear of losing control is consuming me. anxiety has become my constant companion, whispering doubts and fears into my ear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to break free, as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my mind is a battlefield,
my mind is a storm of worrying thoughts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me, leaving me paralyzed with fear and doubt, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. every breath feels heavy, my thoughts a tangled web, as i struggle to find calm amidst the chaos of my anxious mind. fear clutches at my heart, each beat a reminder of the overwhelming uncertainty that consumes me. my thoughts race like a freight train, each one building on the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety is a dark cloud that follows
the person might have a thought like, i'm not doing well enough in my job, and if i don't perform better soon, i'll be fired. i'll let down my team and disappoint my boss. i won't be able to pay my bills or support my family. i'll be a failure. this thought is an example of an anxious thought because it is focused on potential negative outcomes, is catastrophic in nature, and creates feelings of fear and apprehension. these types of thoughts can lead to increased anxiety and stress, and can interfere with a person's ability to function effectively in their daily life.
anxiety weighs heavily upon my shoulders, as if an invisible boulder has been placed there, making each breath a struggle, each moment a chore. the world around me is a blur, my thoughts a chaotic storm, and i'm but a bystander, lost and helpless in the midst of it all. the fear gnaws at me, a constant presence, never truly leaving, no matter how much i try to hide. every noise, every shadow, every uncertain moment, feeds the fire that burns within me. i can't escape, i can't run. all i can do is hold on, praying for the strength to keep going, for the courage to face
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't quiet the storm of thoughts raging in my mind. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry, and the slightest disturbance sends my anxiety spiraling out of control. my mind is a jumbled mess, filled with endless what ifs and worst case scenarios, and i can't seem to escape its grip. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless against its relentless tide. my thoughts race a thousand miles an hour, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and unable to focus on anything but the fear g
use plenty of figurative language to portray their thoughts, feelings, and internal experiences. beneath the tranquil exterior of a quaint victorian facade, my soul labors under the crushing weight of impending calamity. my mind, a fevered cacophony, whirls and writhers like a wounded swarm of locusts, each thought amplified to a cataclysmic magnitude, their tenebrous shadows encroaching upon my waking thoughts and plunging the depths of my dreams into a dark, insidious abyss. fractured visions pirouette on the precipice of conscious awareness, their ethereal forms be
every time i try to focus on work, my mind wanders to worst case scenarios, making it impossible to concentrate.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the constant internal chatter.' 'the weight of uncertainty weighs heavily on my chest, and i can't seem to catch a break from my racing thoughts.' 'my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'i'm held captive by the grip of anxiety, unable to break free from its relentless hold on my thoughts.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling like i'm
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to break free from the cycle of anxious anticipation and self doubt. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenario. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, each one a ticking time bomb waiting to explode with fear and panic. my mind is a storm of worry, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed, unable to find calm in the midst of the chaos
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty about the future. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, and i'm unable to break free from this vicious cycle. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts, and every little detail feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my body trembles with fear, and my mind races with doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
my mind is a constant whirlpool of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety grips me, making me feel as though i'm constantly on the edge of a cliff, unable to find solid ground.' 'my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a never ending waterfall of worry, leaving me feeling exhausted and powerless.' 'i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to break free and find peace within myself.' 'fear gnaws at me from the inside, a constant companion that leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else
in the hush of the still night, my heart pounds like a relentless war drum in the pit of my chest. an oppressive blanket of anxiety settles heavy on my shoulders, suffocating me. each inhale is a labored effort, each exhale a shallow whisper. i wring my hands as my thoughts churn and swirl into a maelstrom of dread. what if i fail? what if i make a grave misstep, leaving ruins in my wake? my mind reels, revisiting old battles, dissecting past regrets, reliving the shame and guilt that continue to fester. the shadows dance ominously against my bedroom wall, whispering
they're trying to keep their cool but they can feel their heart pounding, sweat dripping, and palms becoming clammy. the room seems to be closing in, thoughts racing, the weight of their emotions threaten to overwhelm them. inner monologue breathe in, breathe out... focus. the weight of my thoughts presses down upon me, threatens to crush me, to swallow me whole. my heart beats a frantic tempo, hammering a steady rhythm that jolts me to the core, a reminder of the fear gnawing at the very fabric of my being. my palms grow slick with moisture, a cold, clammy testament
there's a constant hum in my ears, a persistent ringing that drowns out the sound of reason. my heart races, each beat a thunderous drum pounding in my chest. my thoughts race, a whirlwind of panic, fear, and doubt spiraling out of control. the world around me seems to blur, my vision hazy, my surroundings unreal. every breath feels like a struggle, each inhale a chore, every exhale a release of a burden i didn't know i was carrying. time seems to both stand still and speed up, and in this moment of utter chaos, i'm unsure of who i am or where i am. all i know is the
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me unable to focus or find peace in my thoughts.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to escape the grip of my racing thoughts.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is filled with intrusive thoughts, making it hard to function in daily life.' 'anxiety is a constant companion, whispering doubts and fears into my mind
i can't do this. my heart races, my mind scrambles, my thoughts spiral out of control. everything seems so heavy, so insurmountable. the world feels like it's moving too fast and i'm standing still, rooted to the spot, unable to make a single decision or take a single action. i'm drowning in the sea of my own fears and doubts, and all i want is to find a way out, to find a place of calm and peace where i can breathe, where i can think, where i can be. but it seems so impossible, and the more i struggle, the more entangled i become. i long for the day when i can break
inner monologue breathe in, breathe out. i can't do this. the clock on the wall seems to be mocking me with its relentless ticking. my heart races in my chest, threatening to burst out and announce to the world how unprepared i am for this. my mind spins in circles, jumping from one catastrophic scenario to another. what if i make a mistake? what if i disappoint them? what if i can't meet their expectations? the weight of these questions sits heavily on my shoulders, pulling me down into a pit of self doubt and anxiety. my palms grow clammy as the first bead of sweat
inner voice i.v. i can't believe this is happening again. my heart is racing, my palms are sweating, and my mind is clouded with uncertainty. the deadlines are closing in, and my work seems to be piling up like there's no end to it. i can feel the weight of the world on my shoulders, and for a moment, it all feels unbearable. but i can't let this overwhelm me. i need to focus, to put one foot in front of the other, and keep moving forward. i remember what my therapist said, that these feelings of fear and stress are a natural response to the demands of my life, but i
every moment is a potential disaster waiting to happen. the weight of uncertainty leaves me frozen, unable to focus or act. my mind is a never ending storm of worry and fear. i'm constantly on edge, bracing for the next catastrophe. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts and constant fear. it feels like my body is in fight or flight mode, but there's no threat to fight or flee from. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts. every minute of every day is filled with dread and anxiety, leaving me exhausted and overwhelmed. my mind is a chaotic symphony of fear and doubt.
my mind is a storm of worries and doubts, each thought more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. every breath feels labored, my mind a tangled web of fears and doubts, as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts, unable to break free. anxiety clutches at my chest, my heart racing like a wild stallion, leaving me feeling helpless and alone in a sea of overwhelming thoughts. the weight of my anxieties bears down on me, my mind a whirlpool of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling small and insignificant in the face of it all. my thoughts race
every breath feels heavy and uncertain. the constant chatter in my mind keeps me awake at night, questioning and doubting, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last. i'm held captive by my fears, unable to escape their gripping grasp. anxiety leaves me feeling like a leaf caught in a storm, tossed and tumbled, with no control over my own direction. my mind is a maze of worries and fears, and i'm lost in its labyrinth, unable to find a way out. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, making
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and my mind spirals into endless what ifs, leaving me paralyzed with fear and doubt. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find calm. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, my heart pounding in my chest, as fear and worry consume me, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own mind. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, my heart races with every beat, and i'm unable to escape the grip of anxiety, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.
use sensory language to convey their emotions and thoughts. in the depths of the night, as shadows creep across the room, a cold, clammy hand of anxiety clutches my heart. i am lying here, in the dark, unable to sleep. my breaths, ragged and uneven, are a staccato symphony, punctuating the silence that fills the room like a leaden weight. my thoughts race, a tangled web of worries and fears that demand my attention, that won't let me rest. i can smell the acrid sting of sweat on my skin, a lingering reminder of the day's trials and tribulations. my ears ring with the
my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness, no matter how hard i try. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to focus on anything else but the fear and uncertainty gnawing at me. anxiety clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe, and leaves me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of negative thoughts. my thoughts race like a wildfire, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and unable to find solace in the present moment. anxiety clouds my judgment, making even the simplest decisions feel insurmount
then, provide a cbt approach to address the anxious thought. example of an anxious thought i'm not doing well enough in my job. i'm behind on my projects, i miss deadlines, and my boss is getting frustrated with me. i'm going to get fired soon. cbt approach to address the anxious thought 1. identify the thought the person recognizes that they are thinking i'm going to get fired soon and that this thought is causing them anxiety. 2. evaluate the evidence the person examines the facts to determine if the thought is based on reality. they might consider the following a.
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts and anxious feelings, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. anxiety is like a relentless storm in my head, drowning out all other thoughts and emotions. every day feels like a struggle to keep my anxiety at bay, and i can't help but feel like i'm on the verge of losing control. my thoughts race faster than a marathon runner, and my body reacts as if i'm in a dangerous situation, even when i'm completely safe
i'm stuck in this perpetual cycle of worry and fear, it's like my brain is a runaway train, careening down a track of unchecked thoughts and apprehensions. i can't catch my breath, let alone escape this torrent of anxiety. i'm drowning in a sea of 'what ifs' and 'what might have beens,' and the future feels like an insurmountable mountain looming before me. the present is a blur, as i'm consumed by the overwhelming need to anticipate and plan for every potential disaster, every possible setback. my heart races, my mind reels, and i can't seem to find any semblance of
use imagery, metaphor, repetition, and vivid detail to evoke the intense emotion. in the deep recesses of my mind, a storm was brewing, a tempest of anxious thoughts, a deluge of relentless worries, flooding every crevice, every corner of my consciousness, overwhelming my senses, my emotions, my very being. my heart pounded in my chest, a wild, erratic drum, accelerating with each inhalation, each exhalation, my breaths coming in short, shallow gasps, each beat reverberating through my body, each pulse an alarm, a siren call, a warning sign of the unrelenting tempest
i don't know what it exactly is but i'm kinda worried that it might be something worse so basically on my left index finger in the centered part i have some cracked skin and now i noticed some small light red spot underneath it. i always tried to rip out the broken skin so it looks smooth but is the red spot caused by the attempts of trying to rip the broken skin off? dunno how to formulate it since i'm not a native english speaker but im kinda worried that it might be something worse https imgur.com benka1g https imgur.com benka1g this is basically how it looks like
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else.' 'i'm constantly on edge, feeling like i'm one step away from a panic attack, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of fear and uncertainty.' 'my thoughts race a million miles a minute, leaving me exhausted and overwhelmed, and i can't seem to find any peace or calm.' 'i'm held captive by my own worries, unable to break free and enjoy the present moment.' 'my mind is a battlefield,
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or clarity.' 'i'm constantly on edge, as if i'm waiting for the next disaster to strike, and the uncertainty is unbearable.' 'anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but the racing thoughts in my head.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear.' 'i'm held captive by my own mind, unable to escape the gripping grip of anxiety and the constant fear of the unknown.
oh my god my ex hasn t responded to me in days, we are still friends and this really isn t like him and i m starting to get really worried. i owed him 50 and i asked him if he got it, no response, i sent him a picture of my new pc setup, nothing. last time we called was a couple days ago and he said that he would call me back because he had to go to class but he never did. i tried calling him just now but to no response. idk if i m overreacting but i m close to tears. like what if something happened or did he just ghost me. i m so dizzy from panicking so much, help.
as i sit in this quiet room, the thoughts in my head swirl and dance like a whirlwind of fears and doubts. my heart beats faster, my palms grow clammy, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the ticking clock and the overwhelming sense of impending doom. it's as if my mind has taken on a life of its own, a merciless and relentless storm that leaves me feeling isolated and powerless. but even in the midst of this chaos, i hold onto the belief that i am more than my anxiety, that i am stronger than these thoughts, and that i will find peace and serenity once again.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a jumbled mess, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me frozen and unable to act, as i fear the unknown and the possibilities it holds.' 'my mind is a battlefield, with every fear and insecurity amplified, and i can't seem to find peace or calm within myself.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the smallest decisions feel like a mountain to climb.'
then, explain the cbt approach to this thought. example of anxious thought i'm going to be late for the interview, i'll miss the train, i won't find a parking spot, i'll forget my resume, i'll make a bad impression, and ultimately, i won't get the job. cbt approach cognitive behavioral therapy cbt is a type of psychotherapeutic intervention that helps individuals recognize and challenge their thought patterns. in the case of anxiety, it involves recognizing and disputing irrational or maladaptive thoughts that trigger anxiety. regarding the example above, the person
the context of this could be losing a job or a business failure. use as many descriptive and figurative language as possible. in the depths of twilight, my soul clung precariously to the jagged shores of desolation, where the ocean of fear threatened to engulf me in its watery depths. every quiver of heart, every pulse of anxiety pounded relentlessly, mirroring the tempest raging within. the sands of time had been relentless. they crept steadily onward, encroaching upon my fragile fortress of optimism, leaving no refuge. i was tethered to a chair, its cold embrace a
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, keeping me awake at night and leaving me drained during the day. every decision feels like a minefield, and i'm constantly second guessing myself, paralyzed by the fear of making the wrong choice. the weight of uncertainty and doubt is a heavy burden, and i can't seem to find my footing amidst the chaos. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry and fear, unable to quiet the storm inside my mind. anxiety feels like an unwelcome guest, never leaving me alone for a moment, constantly reminding me of all the things that could
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. anxiety grips me like a vice, each thought spiraling into a tangled web of fear and self doubt, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. fear clutches at my heart, and my thoughts race a million miles an hour, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, my mind a constant storm of negative thoughts and emotions that leave me feeling helpless and exhausted. my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts race, leaving me
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the storm inside me. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worrying and self doubt, and it feels like my anxiety is consuming me from the inside out. every thought, every decision, every action is weighed down by the heavy burden of anxiety, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety has become my constant companion, whispering doubts and fears into my ear, making me question my every move and decision. i'm held captive by the chains of my own thoughts, unable to break
inner monologue my heart races, palms slick with sweat, chest tightening with each shallow breath. my mind spins like a broken record, replaying the same fears over and over again. i must have missed something, overlooked some critical detail. no, that can't be right. my mind is a labyrinth of doubts, twisted and tangled, and i am lost within its depths. every fiber of my being screams to flee, to escape this nightmare. but where can i go? the walls press in around me, a suffocating embrace. there is no escape from myself, from this inescapable burden of thought. an
finally letting go of my hiv anxiety today i took an hiv test a year from exposure. after a year of stress, anxiety, worries, etc, i am finally letting go. my result was negative. after a year of testing, i can truly say i am negative. i just want to thank everyone for your help and reassuaring words. jbee, a special thank you to you as well. during this year, i lost who i was. i am usually a vivacious person, but turned into an anxious scrooge. some of my interests and hobbies seemed no longer interesting. now i am going to live full out! 2018, i'm ready for you!!!
they can't find their phone and it's the only way they can communicate with their friend who is in the hospital. heart pounding in chest, palms slick with sweat, eyes darting around the room. my mind races, a storm of thoughts swirling through my head. the phone, the phone, where the hell is the phone? it was right here a moment ago. i swore i placed it on the table, next to my coffee cup, before getting up to use the restroom. i search the room again, my breath hitching in my throat, my hands shaking. i must find the phone. i need it. i need to call my friend. they
in the stillness of the night, my heart races as if in a frantic competition against itself. every pulse, every beat is a testament to the relentless surge of fear that courses through my veins. the oppressive weight of anxiety clutches at my chest, each breath a struggle for existence, for survival in this maelstrom of emotion. a thousand thoughts jostle for dominance, an incessant parade of what ifs and worst cases. my mind whirls, a cyclone of fear and doubt, a tornado of insecurities. each fear magnifies, each worry amplifies, until the world around me is a blur
this should show the perspective of a character in first person, and use figurative language and a strong, consistent voice throughout the passage. in the suffocating clutches of oblivion, my heart pounds, a war drum echoing through the empty crevices of my consciousness. time drags, stretching like a pliant gumbo of leaden minutes, merging into hours and days, melding until all distinctions vanish. beads of cold sweat pearl upon my brow as my thoughts twist, forming serpents' knots ensnaring me in their fathomless darkness. doubt and fear waltz within me, a ghastly
i'm trying to write a monologue or inner thoughts for a character in a story who is overwhelmed by anxiety, which leads them to a breaking point. here's a possible thought process for your character deep, labored breath i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's becoming unbearable. every decision, every action, every word feels like a minefield, ready to detonate at the slightest misstep. the clock is ticking, the deadlines are looming, and my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt. my heart races, my palms are sweaty, and my thoughts are a
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of uncertainty and self doubt, unable to quiet my racing thoughts and escape the grip of fear.' 'my mind is a stormy sea, with waves of worry and fear crashing against my thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside, its icy tendrils coiling around my heart and mind, stealing my peace and leaving me trembling with fear.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million thoughts, all jostling for attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'fear and worry gnaw at me rel
heart racing, palms sweating, mind racing. breaths shallow, rapid. thoughts swirling like a chaotic storm in the depths of my mind. the sense of dread and fear creeps in like a thick, oppressive fog, smothering me. every sound, every movement, every shadow and every rustling of leaves sends my anxiety soaring to new heights. what if something terrible happens? what if they find out? what if they realize i'm not enough? i can't handle it. i can't keep this up any longer. the weight of the world presses down upon me, bearing me to the ground. every muscle in my body t
my mind is a storm of endless worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fear. anxiety clutches my thoughts, filling my mind with dread and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. fear gnaws at my insides, my thoughts racing like a never ending waterfall, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by my worries. my heart pounds in my chest, my breath shallow and uneven, as my mind spirals out of control, consumed by irrational thoughts and fears. anxiety's grip tightens around me, my thoughts a whirlwind of
i've been feeling this way for weeks now. my heart races, my mind won't quiet down, and i can't focus on anything. every little noise or movement starts to feel like a threat. i'm tired of being so exhausted all the time, and my appetite and sleep are both nonexistent. i know what people say about anxiety it's all in my head, but it feels so real to me. i can't escape these thoughts, no matter how hard i try. i'm afraid of what might happen if i can't control them. i've tried to reach out for help, but it's hard to admit my weakness, to bare my soul to someone else.
how does the character try to cope, and what are some consequences of these actions? inner dialogue breaths deeply, tries to focus on the present moment another day, another dollar. or so they say. but today, it feels like another day, another mountain of responsibilities, another day filled with fear and anxiety. the clock ticks away, and the deadlines loom, pressing down on me like a heavy weight. my heart races as i think about all the things i need to accomplish, and the consequences of failure. clenches jaw, fists tighten i can't do this. i can't handle it all.
my mind is a relentless storm of worry and fear, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest of tasks. another example my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, trapping me in a vicious cycle of anxiety and uncertainty. or anxiety claws at my chest, stealing my breath and focus, leaving me a prisoner to my own racing thoughts. every worry and fear gnaws at me, a constant reminder of the unknown, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me, a heavy burden that threatens to crush me
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, constantly replaying worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. another example anxiety clutches my thoughts, making simple decisions feel insurmountable, and leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. a third example i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, every breath a struggle, as the relentless tide of fear and doubt threatens to swallow me whole. a fourth example my thoughts are a chaotic storm, leaving me disoriented and disconnected, as the weight of anxiety bears down upon me. a fifth example anxiety
inner dialogue my heart races as i sit at the traffic light, stuck in the endless stream of cars. the honking of horns in the distance adds to the symphony of chaos that's brewing in my mind. i'm late. again. the meeting is in five minutes, and i'm still not there. my boss's expectation hangs heavy on my shoulders, like a backpack filled with bricks. the weight of it all is unbearable. i can feel the sweat beginning to form on my brow, beading up and rolling down my face. why does this always happen to me? why can't i get my act together? the thoughts spin around in
inner dialogue my heart races as i stare at the blinking cursor on the blank screen before me. the looming deadline, the mounting pressure from my boss, and the nagging voice in the back of my head all conspiring to push me to the edge. i can feel my chest tightening, my breaths becoming shallow. i'm drowning in the sea of doubt, and the shore seems so far away. i should be able to do this, right? i've faced challenges before and i've always come out on top. but this one feels different. the stakes are higher, the expectations greater. the fear creeps in, gnawing at
inner voice frantic heart racing, palms sweating, mind in a muddle this can't be happening. not now. please not now. the deadline is looming, the project's complexities piling up, and every error i've ever made seems to be dancing mockingly in the back of my mind. i'm not cut out for this. mental monologue anxious but, i've gotten through these kinds of situations before. i remember the all nighters leading to impressive grades in school, the presentations that went better than expected, and the challenging projects i've completed. my brain wants to remind me of the
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or clarity.' 'i'm constantly on edge, as if i'm waiting for the next disaster to strike, and the uncertainty is unbearable.' 'anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but the racing thoughts in my head.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear.' 'i'm held captive by my own mind, unable to escape the gripping grip of anxiety and the constant fear of the unknown.
they re standing in the middle of a dark and empty, old abandoned mansion, they feel a chill in the air and hear strange noises. they are afraid to move but are compelled to find a way out, all while their thoughts are racing. inner monologue oh god, what have i done? this is beyond foolish. why did i even come here in the first place? this mansion has been abandoned for decades, stories of hauntings, of strange occurrences, and now i'm here, standing in the dark, alone. my heart races as i hear footsteps, shuffling, almost whispering in the shadows. i can't move, i
the situation should involve public speaking. inner monologue heart pounding, palms sweating, my mind racing like a wild mustang on a rampage. i can feel my eyes twitching uncontrollably, the unruly horses of anxiety, preparing for a charge through the open doors of my mental fortress. the calendar flashes before my eyes it's the day, the momentous occasion that holds me hostage in my seat. oh god, that's right the annual company event, an elaborate farce designed to showcase... me. public speaking the apex of fear and humiliation, the most exhilarating, dread induc
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find peace or focus. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to escape its grip. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. fear gnaws at me, a constant companion that leaves me feeling fragile and vulnerable, unsure of my ability to cope with even the smallest of challenges. anxiety's grip tightens around me, leaving me feeling like a balloon on the ver
i can't breathe. the room is closing in around me, my chest tightening with each inhalation, sharp pains stabbing at my sides. i hear a pounding in my ears, a deafening noise that makes it difficult to think, to focus. my heart races, beating faster with each passing second. i see my own reflection in the mirror across the room, but the woman staring back at me doesn't look real. it's as if i'm watching a stranger, a faceless entity that is not connected to me in any way. but this is me. me and my unending anxiety. this isn't the first time i've been here, nor will
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, making simple decisions feel like insurmountable challenges. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. every breath i take feels labored, as if my anxiety is stealing the air right out of my lungs. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty. anxiety has become my constant companion, a shadow that follows me everywhere i go. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to quiet the storm of emotions raging inside me
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm constantly on edge, my body tensed and my mind racing, unable to escape the grip of fear and uncertainty. my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts race ahead of me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of anxiety. every breath feels like a struggle, and my mind is a battleground of negative thoughts, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless. the weight of
how it feels for them in the midst of anxiety and their internal struggle as they attempt to keep anxiety from controlling their life. in response to you are stronger than you feel. in the throes of anxiety, i cling to the words, you are stronger than you feel. yet, my heart trembles, the fear gnaws at my core. i yearn to believe, but it feels insufficient as my thoughts swirl, relentless. my being craves solace, silence, a reprieve from the incessant turmoil within. it's a bitter battle, an uphill trek towards tranquility, with each step teetering on the precipice
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the present moment. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. every breath feels labored, my thoughts a jumbled mess, as my body betrays me with unrelenting tremors and sweats. my thoughts race faster than usain bolt, leaving me exhausted and breathless, struggling to find solace in the chaos. fear clutches my heart, tightening its grip with each passing second, making it hard to distinguish reality from my anxious imagination.
my mind is a never ending storm of doubts and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the weight of uncertainty is suffocating me, and i can't seem to find a way out of this endless cycle of worry and fear. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, and every thought a terrifying echo in my mind. my anxiety clings to me like a thick fog, obscuring my vision of the world and leaving me disoriented and disconnected. the past and future collide in my mind, creating an overwhelming sense of pressure that threatens to crush me. i'm trapped
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry, unable to quiet the constant chatter of my mind.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by fear.' 'anxiety claws at me, tearing away at my peace, and i'm left questioning every decision and second of every day.' 'the weight of uncertainty sits heavy on my shoulders, and i'm drowning in a sea of endless what ifs.' 'my mind is a battleground, where every fear and doubt wages war, leaving me feeling defeated and exhausted.' 'the grip of anxiety tightens around me
thought my heart races and my mind spirals, the past replaying in my head, each detail magnified, each regret amplified. i can't escape the weight of my own thoughts, the relentless churn of my mind. the present slips away, and i'm left drowning in a sea of anxiety, a prisoner to my own mind. i yearn for stillness, for peace, for a reprieve from this mental turmoil. yet, the world keeps moving, demands pressing, and i'm left feeling alone in my struggle, drowning in a tide that seems unending. i long for the strength to stand tall against the onslaught of worry and
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry, unable to quiet the constant chatter of my mind.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by fear.' 'anxiety claws at me, tearing away at my peace, and i'm left questioning every decision and second of every day.' 'the weight of uncertainty sits heavy on my shoulders, and i'm drowning in a sea of endless what ifs.' 'my mind is a battleground, where every fear and doubt wages war, leaving me feeling defeated and exhausted.' 'the grip of anxiety tightens around me
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry, and every decision feels like a heavy burden. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, and it's becoming harder to distinguish reality from my anxious imagination. anxiety claws at my insides, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. fear grips my heart, and i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but
thought i can't handle this, my mind is racing, my heart is pounding, my palms are sweating, and i can't seem to catch my breath. this feeling is consuming me, and i don't know how much longer i can hold on. i just want it to stop, but i know it won't. i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and i don't know how to escape. explanation this thought is from someone who is experiencing a high level of anxiety, and they feel like they are being overwhelmed by their own emotions. they describe feeling physically and emotionally drained, with a racing mind, pounding
every moment feels like a ticking time bomb, and i'm constantly on edge, fearing the worst. anxiety has me in its grip, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the fear that something terrible is just around the corner. my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the grip of my racing thoughts. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a thousand possible scenarios, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety. the weight of my worries presses
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'anxiety has a grip on me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain.' 'every breath i take feels like a struggle, as if my thoughts are a heavy weight on my chest.' 'i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts and constant worrying, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different what
inside the cramped, suffocating confines of my own mind, a storm was brewing, a maelstrom of chaos and dread that threatened to engulf me whole, to tear me apart and scatter the shattered pieces to the four winds. my heart pounded in my chest, an erratic metronome of fear, every beat a harsh reminder that i was not in control. the tension in my muscles felt as if it was a rope, coiled and taut, waiting to lash out and strangle me if i let my guard slip for even a moment. my thoughts raced through my mind at a feverish pace, an incomprehensible torrent of images and
inner voice iv i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders. my heart is racing and my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts, all swirling around, creating chaos and doubt. me m i understand that this is hard. but you've faced difficult situations before and made it through. remember? iv i know, but this time it feels different. the stress is more intense. i feel so trapped, like i'm drowning and i can't find my way out. m it's okay to feel overwhelmed. the feelings of stress and fear are natural reactions. but it's also important to acknowledge that these
exhale sharply, forehead crinkled with worry lines. heart rate racing, hands clenched tightly, gaze darting back and forth between the mountain of work piled high on the desk and the ticking clock on the wall. another hour till i have to go home... another hour, and i'll be free from this cacophony of expectations. but what if i can't finish? what if my mind, heavy with doubt and exhaustion, can't overcome this mental block? why can't i focus? i've read the right books, listened to the motivational speeches, practiced the mindfulness techniques. yet when i sit down
why did i ever think i could handle everything? why am i trying to prove myself to people who don t even care? i can t do this. i m so weak. in response to this, a compassionate voice says, you are not weak. feeling overwhelmed is a normal response to life s demands. it is okay to ask for help. remember, none of us can do it all. and regarding those who don t care, why waste energy on them? surround yourself with supportive people who believe in you and will help you in times of need. it takes courage to seek help, and i believe you have that courage. you got this.
they are trapped in a dark forest, unable to find their way out. deep, labored breaths. heart pounding. fear creeping in with every passing moment. god, this forest is so dark and unfamiliar. i can hardly see ten feet in front of me. the trees loom overhead, their silhouettes twisting and contorting in the gloom. the air is thick with the stench of decay, a chilling dampness clinging to my skin. how did i end up here? the sun had begun to set as i stumbled upon this path, promising myself just one more step, just a little further... what was that? a rustling in the
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, making simple decisions feels like insurmountable challenges. anxiety clutches my heart, each breath a struggle, as my thoughts spiral into a maze of uncertainty and fear. fear grips my chest, my mind a battleground of irrational thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. my thoughts race, my heart pounds, i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the grip of my anxious mind. my mind is a storm of negative thoughts, the past and future collide, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace amidst the constant noise in my head. every breath feels labored, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a maze of anxiety. i'm held captive by my fears, unable to focus on anything but the relentless ticking of the clock and the fear that time is slipping away. anxiety claws at my insides, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to escape its grip. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a thousand thoughts, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to catch
in the quiet stillness of my small, cluttered apartment, my heart races and my mind swirls with a maelstrom of thoughts. my palms are slick with sweat, beading up on the arms of the rickety old chair i've been sitting in for hours, unable to move. the pang of despair gnaws at my gut, a constant companion, always present. i thought i had it all figured out. i'd worked hard to build a successful career, make ends meet, and maintain a healthy social life. i was in control, or so i thought. but life, as it often does, has other plans. the diagnosis came out of nowhere,
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'anxiety has a grip on me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain.' 'every breath i take feels like a struggle, as if my thoughts are a heavy weight on my chest.' 'i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts and constant worrying, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million different what
inner monologue the clock on the wall ticks incessantly, each second dragging on for what feels like an eternity. the room is spinning around me, the walls closing in, trapping me in a vortex of fear and anxiety. my heart races, the thumping drumbeat of my pulse in my ears, drowning out every other sound. breathing is difficult, a labored process that demands all of my concentration. my mind races, filled with thoughts that i can't seem to tame or quiet. the deadlines at work, the bills that are piling up, the relationship that's teetering on the brink of collapse,
every time i try to fall asleep, my mind spins with worst case scenarios, leaving me trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing a mile a minute, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of my worries feels like a heavy burden, pressing down on me, making it hard to breathe or focus. anxiety claws at my thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by my own mind. my heart races and my mind races, both in overdrive, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm held captive by my fears, unable to break free
how do you guys accept it's anxiety and not a serious health issue? so i've had following symptoms.... headaches palpitations rapid heart at rest dizziness feeling faint never actually fainted feeling weak and sick constant adrenaline surges or like dropping sensations does anyone else have or had all of that? been on and off for me for 2 years now. had a million heart and blood tests all normal. been doing therapy but i think my biggest problem is i just cannot convince myself this is all anxiety and constantly wondering if it's a serious heart issue or something.
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, and i struggle to focus on anything, even the simplest of tasks. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and worry, unable to calm my racing thoughts or quiet the constant chatter in my head. i'm plagued by intrusive thoughts and an unrelenting sense of unease, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm consumed by fear and doubt, making even the most routine activities seem insurmountable. anxiety leaves me feeling like i'm on edge, constantly anticipating the worst, and unable to find
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. alternative my mind races with worst case scenarios, and my body trembles with fear, unable to find calm amidst the chaos of my anxious thoughts. alternative my breaths come in shallow gasps, each one an effort as i struggle to contain the overwhelming tidal wave of anxiety that threatens to consume me. alternative my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next in a never ending cycle, leaving me trapped in a maze of worry and fear
i m going to get cancer. i just know it. i ll keep this short... found out my grandma has cancer through my mother. she told grandma not to freak out because she had the same thing last year and had it removed. wait, what?! she didn t tell me she had cancer. she just mentioned surgery. now two women have had the exact same cancer...which means i m probably going to get it too. actually i m like 100 sure i will because one of my greatest fears aside from pregnancy is to die by cancers hand. oh and plot twist...not having children actually increases my risk. awesome.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, constantly replaying past mistakes and imagining future disasters. my thoughts are a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find calm in the midst of anxiety. anxiety grips me, making every moment a battle, with my mind racing and my body trembling, unable to find peace. my mind is a labyrinth of fear and doubt, and i'm lost in its depths, unable to escape its grip and find tranquility. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with fear, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by anxiety.
my mind is a constant whirlpool of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to focus on the present moment as my thoughts spiral out of control.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with fear and doubt, unable to move forward.' 'my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless against the onslaught of my own mind.' 'i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the grip of anxiety and the constant fear that i'm not good enough.' 'the
the sound of clapping fills the air, as they peer through a keyhole, their heart racing and palms sweating. the words in bold indicate the person s thoughts anxiety gnaws at me, its icy tendrils seeping into my core. a thousand possibilities flicker through my mind, a panicked, chaotic symphony. this clapping? what does it mean? perhaps it s just a happy announcement for our guests. i should trust that. but what if it s a trap? a sinister warning of something worse on its way? the clapping crescendos, fueling my racing imagination, feeding my mounting terror. it's
one example of an anxious thought a person might have is, what if i make a mistake during this presentation and everyone in the audience notices and laughs at me? this will ruin my reputation and i will never be able to recover from it. in this thought, the person is worrying excessively about making a mistake in a public presentation, fearing that it will lead to negative consequences and that they will be unable to recover. this thought can lead to feelings of anxiety, fear, and self doubt, and can prevent the person from performing to the best of their ability.
one common anxious thought is what if i forget the words during my presentation at work tomorrow? people will think i'm incompetent, and i'll lose credibility and respect. this thought can cause significant anxiety and stress for someone who has to make a presentation, as they may spend hours rehearsing and preparing to prevent the feared outcome. the thought can escalate, leading to avoidance behaviors, such as cancelling the presentation or avoiding opportunities for public speaking. this fear is a common anxiety disorder known as glossophobia or speech anxiety.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts.' 'fear clutches at my heart, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of worry.' 'my mind is a chaotic storm, and i'm caught in the midst of it, unable to find calm or clarity in the midst of the turmoil.' 'my thoughts race like a runaway train, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed, unable to find peace in the present
every breath feels heavy and my mind is a whirlwind of worries, unable to focus on the present moment. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, and i'm trapped in this cycle of fear and uncertainty. i'm constantly on edge, my body tensed and my mind filled with worst case scenarios, unable to relax or find peace. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind races, and i'm paralyzed by the fear of the unknown, unable to move forward. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts, each one a dark and terrifying scenario, leaving me feeling helpless and
my mind is a storm of fear and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. anxiety clutches my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to escape its grip. fear gnaws at me from the inside, whispering lies and leaving me questioning my every decision and ability. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of reason as anxiety takes over, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety's tight hold leaves me feeling fragile and broken, unsure if i have the strength to keep going. my
what could have triggered it? what emotions does the person go through? how does the person try to cope with the stress and fear? let's see an example below inner dialogue heart racing, palms sweating, mind racing what on earth is happening? this couldn't be real... but the bills keep piling up, the mortgage is due next week, the car needs repairs, and there are no clients calling... panic. the fear sets in, my heart pounds, my breathing shortens. my bank account is dwindling down to zero, how will i provide for my family? what will we eat, where will we live? no,
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness amidst the chaos. anxiety grips me tightly, and i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts, unable to escape their hold. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, and my mind refuses to quiet down, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted. fear gnaws at me from the inside, and my heart races with every little worry, making it impossible to focus on anything else. anxiety clouds my judgment and leaves me feeling overwhelmed, uncertain of how to move forward or make even the
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind races with thoughts and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel overwhelming. i'm constantly second guessing myself, worrying about what others might think or say. it's like a dark cloud following me everywhere i go, casting a shadow on my every move. i need some peace, some relief from this relentless anxiety.
anxiety weighs heavy on my shoulders, a burden that threatens to crush me. my heart races, my breath comes in shallow gasps, and my mind whirls with a thousand fears and worries. i can't focus, can't think clearly. every little thing feels like a mountain to climb, an insurmountable obstacle. i just want to escape, to find peace and calm in the chaos of my thoughts. but i'm trapped, ensnared by the grip of anxiety. i long for release, for the weight to lift and the storm to pass. but for now, all i can do is hold on tight and try to weather the storm. image credit
should i get my eyes checked? so i have bad health anxiety i always think something is wrong with me and once i figure out something about how im feeling a brand new symptom comes up and my latest one is i feel like my eyes have a slight yellow hue to them and its not like yellow like jaundice but they look really irritated and idk if its lack of sleep but i was wondering if anyone could say if just lack of sleep or irritated eyes can appear slightly yellow cuz now im scared im getting jaundiced and i have had my share of alcohol and i have no money to get checked
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted. every breath i take feels laborious, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. my anxiety feels like an uninvited guest, constantly disrupting my thoughts and emotions. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, unable to escape the relentless churning of my thoughts. anxiety leaves me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, unable to break free from its grip.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind spinning with worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. another example anxiety claws at me from the inside, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of fear and self doubt. a third example my thoughts race faster than usain bolt, leaving me breathless and exhausted, unable to find solace in the present moment. a fourth example fear gnaws at me like a relentless dog, snapping at every shadow, leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed. a fifth example my mind is a stormy
in the quiet of my small apartment, i sit hunched over, my heart racing with every pounding beat. my mind races, thoughts piling up faster than i can keep up. i close my eyes, trying to calm myself, but the fear clutches at my throat, choking me. bills, bills, bills. the constant refrain of my life. i check my bank account, the balance a pitiful sum, hardly enough to cover the necessities, let alone the unexpected expenses. the fear grips tighter. i can't breathe. the phone rings, piercing the silence of the room. my heart leaps into my throat. i don't answer. it
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. anxiety grips me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of constant worry and self doubt. every breath i take feels labored, as if my body is fighting against me, fueled by the relentless tide of fear coursing through my veins. i'm held captive by the crushing weight of my thoughts, unable to escape their grip and find solace in the present moment. my thoughts race like a freight train, careening through my mind with no regard
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. or, anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, yet i'm frozen in place, unable to act or even think clearly due to the overwhelming fear and uncertainty gnawing at me. fear claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling vulnerable, exposed, and unable to escape the relentless cycle of worry and doubt. my heart pounds in my chest,
what might be going through their thoughts and emotions, and how might their physiological responses manifest? inner dialogue breaths heavily, heart racing god, i can't do this. this project is just too much. my deadline is looming, and i'm not even close to being done. my mind is a blur of confusion, and my thoughts keep spinning out of control. i can't concentrate, and every mistake i've made replaying in my head like a broken record. pauses, takes deep breaths why did i take on so much? i knew this was a big project, but i underestimated the time and resources
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each one magnifying the next, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty. i'm caught in a cycle of endless thoughts, my heart pounding in my chest, as i struggle to find a way out of this anxious spiral. anxiety grips me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus on anything else. my mind is a storm of chaotic thoughts, making it impossible for me to concentrate or find calm in the midst of my racing thoughts. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, my heart racing and my mind clouded
these thoughts can range from feelings of isolation, fear, or a loss of control. my heart races as i gaze at the overwhelming list of unfinished tasks before me. each missed deadline adds to the mounting pressure, as the clock ticks away, relentless and unyielding, a constant reminder of my inability to keep up. another possibility the silence of the room is deafening, my thoughts swirling like a tornado in my head, drowning out every other sound. anxiety claws at my insides, a relentless and consuming fear that i am not good enough, that i will never measure up.
the person is stuck in a pitch black room and cannot find the exit. in the darkness of this unforgiving chamber, my heart pounds like a relentless sledger hammer against the confines of my rib cage, sending waves of adrenaline coursing through my veins. every beat is amplified by an almost deafening silence, my labored breaths mingling with the claustrophobic hush that envelops me, as though the darkness itself is a living entity that feeds upon my fear. i am trapped. my footsteps echo, bouncing off the cold, unforgiving walls, as my fingers trail along the rough
inner monologue my heart is racing, my breaths are shallow and my mind is a chaotic whirlpool. the clock seems to mock me with its relentless ticking. how did i get here? i thought i had everything under control. the deadline was weeks away, but now it feels like it's looming over me, threatening to swallow me whole. i need to focus, i need to get this done, but my thoughts won't cooperate. they're scattered like leaves in the wind, slipping through my fingers, leaving me empty handed. the fear is a heavy weight in my chest. it presses down on me, suffocating me,
use sensory details. beads of sweat traced lines down my forehead as i clutched the steering wheel, my knuckles white. the sun blazed through the windshield, a brilliant, unforgiving light, its golden edges a blur as my vision narrowed. my hands trembled, slipping against the worn leather, my heart a thudding drum against the insides of my ribs. beneath me, the car danced along the highway, the rough, cracked asphalt a cacophony of sound as tires skimmed the surface, threatening to throw us off balance. each shuddering gasp of the engine was a reminder of my prec
incorporate at least three elements from the text below into your thought anxiety is a crippling burden, whispering doubt into my ear with every breath i take. it clings to me like a heavy coat, shrinking my world and restricting my ability to live fully. but in the midst of the chaos, a spark of resilience ignites, a beacon of hope that with each breath, i'm stronger than the anxiety that tries to consume me. person 1 anxiety's relentless grip leaves me feeling trapped, shrinking my world with every doubt it breathes into me. but amidst the turmoil, a flicker of
my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fears. or anxiety grips me, stealing my peace and replacing it with an overwhelming sense of dread and uncertainty. or my worries consume me, drowning out all rational thought and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. or fear clutches at my heart, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. or the relentless churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling exhausted and unable to find any moments of peace or calm.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my anxiety.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a tangled mess, fearing the unknown and uncertain, my body a prisoner to my own mind.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, pulling me into a vortex of fear and self doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'every breath i take feels labored, my heart pounds in my chest, as i struggle to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts swirling in my mind.' 'my mind is a battleground of fear and uncertainty, and anxiety
inner monologue breathing in, i can feel the weight of anxiety clenching in the pit of my stomach, spreading its tendrils outwards to my limbs. every fibre of my being shrieks in alarm as the realization settles in i'm not ready for this. the date, the interview, the performance it doesn't matter what the event is, the gnawing fear remains constant. each tick of the clock feels like a hammerblow as i watch the minutes tick away, counting down not to a moment of triumph but to the moment i'll have to face it, naked and unready. my thoughts whirl around like a torn
inner monologue breath in, hold it, exhale. i can't believe this is happening again. i thought i had dealt with this, i thought i was stronger than this. the clock seems to be stuck on this endless loop of minutes, each one passing so painfully slow. the ticking echoes through my mind like a relentless drumbeat, driving home the reality of the situation. my heart races, a wild beast in my chest, clawing its way to freedom, threatening to burst from its confines. my palms are sweaty, my hands trembling, a testament to my mounting fear. i can't think, i can't focus
looking for coeliac celiacs to complete a survey hey everyone, my name is stephan and i'm from sydney australia. i'm doing some research on coeliac disease and i'm looking for help from people living with this condition whether it's you or a member of your family . my research involves understanding the problem s coeliacs face when travelling and eating out. i've prepared a simple survey and need volunteers to complete it. the link https goo.gl forms lzoei7adz2seksgp2 https goo.gl forms lzoei7adz2seksgp2 and check out my facebook page called xper design amp x200b
my mind is a whirlwind of endless worries and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else.' 'fear gnaws at me from the inside, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm held captive by the constant loop of negative self talk and irrational fears.' 'my anxiety clutches at me like a heavy weight, dragging me down and making it hard to breathe or think clearly.' 'i'm trapped in a mental prison, my mind consumed by worry and fear, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'anxiety
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and self doubt, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, my thoughts spiraling out of control like an endless waterfall, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety. my nerves are on edge, every sound amplified, every movement heightened, as my mind races with a million 'what ifs' and 'what abouts', leaving me paralyzed by fear and uncertainty. my heart pounds in my chest, my breaths shallow and uneven, as my thoughts swirl and tumble like a storm in my head, threatening to drown
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fears and worries, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. every breath i take is labored, as if the weight of my thoughts is pressing down on my chest. fear twists my thoughts into a tangled web, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. anxiety is a dark cloud that follows me everywhere, casting a shadow over even the happiest moments. the relentless churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling drained and powerless, unable to
inner monologue my heart is racing, and my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, all clamoring for attention. the clock on the wall seems to mock me with its steady, unyielding ticking. i can't focus on any one thing, my thoughts bouncing around like a pinball in a machine, each one more terrifying than the last. my breaths are shallow, ragged, and i can feel the weight of anxiety pressing down on me. i try to remind myself that this is just a feeling, that it won't last forever, but the logic seems to escape me in this moment. i replay the conversation from earlier,
remember to keep the inner speech informative, logical, self critical, but always grounded in fear. inner monologue i can't do this, i just can't. the plane is fine, it's been certified, the pilots are professionals, they've flown thousands of hours. but what if today is the day? what if there's an equipment failure, a mechanical issue they didn't spot? what if a tire blows or an engine stalls or the wing falls off mid air? the statistics say it's unlikely, but what if that one in millions event occurs? what if this is it for me, my last moment on earth? is this
inner dialogue heart racing, palms sweating, mind spinning the familiar symptoms of stress and fear took hold of me once again. i closed my eyes, trying to steady my breath, but the panic only seemed to intensify. what if i couldn t do it? what if i failed? my mind raced with thoughts, a chaotic whirlwind of worst case scenarios. i couldn t focus, couldn t think straight, couldn t calm down. why did i always let this happen? i knew better than to let myself get so worked up over trivial matters. but here i was, a mere mortal in the grip of an all consuming fear.
what thoughts might race through their mind during this moment of anxiety? inner dialogue breathe. in... and out. that's it, just keep breathing. why am i feeling so anxious all of a sudden? this meeting was only supposed to be a formality. but now, as i sit here, i can't shake the feeling that everything is about to go wrong. what if they don't like my idea? what if they think i'm not competent enough to lead this project? no, wait, that's not it. what if they think i've made a mistake? what if there's a crucial error in the numbers i submitted? or the deadline
their emotions, thoughts and bodily sensations as they grapple with overwhelming feelings of fear and panic. inner monologue beads of sweat trickle down my forehead, clinging to my skin like tiny, perspiring balls. my heart races, pounding incessantly, as if it's trying to escape my ribcage. my chest constricts, making each breath laborious, and i feel my palms go clammy as they grip the cold, smooth porcelain of the kitchen sink. i'm not prepared for this. how did this happen? my thoughts tangle into a chaotic mess in my mind, racing at a million miles an hour.
inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest, the rapid beats drowning out all rational thought. the tension creeps in around the edges, constricting my thoughts, suffocating me. each breath i take feels heavy and labored. what if i'm not good enough? the doubt whispers insidiously, worming its way into my mind. my performance, my abilities, my worth it all hinges on this one moment, this one situation. and if i fail, if i let them down, what then? my grip on reality slips a little, the fear tightening its hold. i see visions of my failures the disappointed faces
sertraline side effects please help me feel better i am on day 6 of taking sertraline for panic attacks, i know a lot of people have a rough time on it. the first 4 days were rough with nausea, anxiety and head fog. today i am panicking and giving myself anxiety because of a weird sensation in my head. it s almost like my brain is vibrating and i keep getting weird twitches every now and again which is really scaring me because i also have health anxiety and now i m worried the sertraline has done something bad. has anyone else experienced this as a side effect?
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, each one escalating the next, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the uncertainty.' 'every breath feels like a struggle, my thoughts a tangled web that threatens to suffocate me, and i can't seem to find a way out.' 'i'm stuck in a loop of worry and fear, my body tensed and my mind racing, unable to escape the grip of anxiety.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a jumbled mess of thoughts and fears, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'anxiety has me
starting to lose the connection with my therapist i m not sure if maybe my therapist is telling me what i do not want to hear but i feel like i m getting little frustrated with him. he starts to bring up his personal life as an example sometimes and it wastes time. also, when i m explaining something he doesn t realize the important part i m trying to discuss and then we end up spending a whole session talking about something that was not even that important for me. maybe he s just realizing what s better to talk about? idk does anyone have experience with this?
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, each thought amplified and magnified until it consumes me, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me trembling, as i struggle to make sense of the endless stream of thoughts that race through my mind. my thoughts are a jumbled mess, a tangled web of worry and fear that threatens to suffocate me, leaving me trapped in a cycle of uncertainty and self doubt. fear grips me like a vice, my heart pounding in my chest, my mind a chaos of racing thoughts, as i struggle to
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, keeping me awake at night and leaving me exhausted during the day. anxiety clutches my thoughts, making simple decisions feel impossible and leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty. my stomach churns with nerves and apprehension, as i struggle to focus on anything but the relentless tide of anxious thoughts. fear gnaws at me, a constant presence that overshadows my joy and leaves me longing for the peace that seems unattainable. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, my mind a battleground where my thoughts rel
my mind is a storm of endless worries and fears, i can t seem to find calm or peace in the chaos. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the whirlwind of thoughts in my head. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from reality, as if i'm constantly on the edge of a cliff, waiting for the next panic attack to hit. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling isolated and alone in my own mind. fear clutches
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. another example i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenario. a third example anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to break free from its grasp. a fourth example every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, and the world around me feels both distant and overwhelming. a fifth example i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, held captive by the relentless churning
the person is lost in the middle of a dense forest, with no visible signs of civilization. anxious person whispering to herself oh god, oh god, where am i? this forest seems endless. the sun is setting and i'm alone. the trees are so tall and thick that the sunlight barely penetrates, and the air smells so strange and unfamiliar. i can't find any landmarks, no familiar sounds, nothing. panic is creeping in, and i can't shake this feeling that i'm lost forever. why did i wander off the trail? i thought it was just a shortcut, but now i'm regretting my decision. i
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every breath feels labored, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making it hard to focus on anything but the fear gnawing at my core. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed. i'm stuck in a loop of negative thoughts, unable to break free and find calm in the chaos around me. fear and doubt cloud my judgment, making even the smallest
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry and self doubt, unable to escape the relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty. my mind is a labyrinth of negative thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and unable to focus on anything else. i'm drowning in a sea of anxious thoughts, each wave threatening to pull me under, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. my mind is a battleground of conflicting emotions, with anxiety as the relentless enemy, determined to win the war within me. i'm stuck in a vicious cycle of fear and self
intense internal struggles heart racing, lungs burning, mind racing faster than ever. i can't focus, my thoughts jump from one to another, a constant jumble of fear, anxiety, and self doubt. i'm not good enough, not smart enough, not capable enough, not anything enough. it's all in my head, or so it seems. but somehow, it feels so real. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, heavy and relentless. i'm in a dark room, with only my thoughts for company. each one flickers across the canvas of my consciousness, an unending parade of insecurities and fears. my
problems with stomach and i feel like i'm about to fall apart... recently, i began having problems with my stomach and i'm paranoid panicking that they are something worse. i'm 20, asian, overweight 195 at 5'11 , and i'm worried that the symptoms i have are something really bad abdominal pain, gas issues, constipation, diarrhea, and yellow, runny stool that i don't know where it came from. has anyone have symptoms like this? do they know where they came from and why? is it a sign of something bad? because i'm on the verge of panicking right now and need to know.
i'm constantly on edge, my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.' 'anxiety grips me with an iron fist, suffocating my every thought and leaving me paralyzed in its grip.' 'fear clutches at my heart, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, making it impossible to focus on anything but the darkness that threatens to consume me.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, my thoughts a chaotic
i'm constantly on edge, my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.' 'anxiety grips me with an iron fist, suffocating my every thought and leaving me paralyzed in its grip.' 'fear clutches at my heart, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, making it impossible to focus on anything but the darkness that threatens to consume me.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, my thoughts a chaotic
in the dim recesses of her mind, she could hear the relentless, rhythmic beat of her heart. it pulsed like an alarm clock, a ticking time bomb, as her mind raced through an intricate web of what ifs. her breaths came sharp and shallow, jagged edges piercing the silent chambers of her chest. anxiety clawed at her insides like a wild beast, leaving her wrung and hollow. her thoughts whirred through an overdrive of possibilities, each one more disastrous than the last. what if this was it? the end? the crescendo of her failing existence? a bitter taste, a metallic
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace of mind and replacing it with an overwhelming sense of unease and uncertainty. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, trapping me in a cycle of fear and worry that i can't escape. i'm a prisoner to my own mind, plagued by intrusive thoughts and feelings of impending doom, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my heart pounds in my chest, my breath comes
in the quiet recesses of my mind, an endless storm rages. my heart pounds in my chest, and my breath comes in ragged gasps. my thoughts race and collide with one another, creating a cacophony of fear and uncertainty. what if i fail? the voice that echoes within me is relentless, driving my anxiety like a stake into the very core of my being. my hands tremble, and my eyes dart around the room, seeking out any semblance of solace or reassurance. but it's just me, alone in the darkness of my thoughts. i'm not good enough. the words weigh heavy upon me, dragging me
my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears, and i can't seem to find a way to untangle it or silence the relentless chatter.' 'anxiety has me trapped in a never ending cycle of thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'my thoughts race like a runaway train, and i can't seem to catch up or slow down, leaving me feeling exhausted and on edge.' 'the weight of my worries feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, making it difficult to focus on anything else.' 'my mind is a stormy sea of emotions, and i'm struggling to find calm amidst the chaos.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, constantly replaying worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty. i'm caught in a vicious cycle of intrusive thoughts, my chest tightens with each passing moment, and i can't seem to find a way out. anxiety gnaws at me, filling my thoughts with fear and doubt, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own mind. the weight of worry and uncertainty bears down on me, my thoughts a chaotic symphony of fear and dread, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to move forward. my mind is a battleground, a
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me, its icy tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts race at a thousand miles per hour, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear. the weight of uncertainty hangs heavy on my shoulders, and every breath feels like a struggle, as anxiety threatens to consume me. fear clutches my heart, and my mind spirals out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark abyss of worry and
every breath i take feels heavy, my mind a constant storm of fears and doubts, questioning the simplest of decisions and unable to quiet the relentless churn of worry. alternative anxiety clutches my thoughts, its icy grip tightening as i struggle to find peace in the midst of my racing mind, each moment a battle to regain control. another alternative my thoughts swirl like a tempestuous sea, threatening to drown me in fear and doubt, each worry a cresting wave that crashes against my mind. a fourth alternative anxiety's grasp tightens around my thoughts, a rel
in the sweltering haze of an august afternoon, the sun clung relentlessly to the horizon, casting long, ominous shadows over the tranquil neighborhood. the serenity of the scene was a stark contrast to the turmoil churning within me. i clutched the porcelain edge of the sink, my knuckles turning white against the slick, cool surface. my breaths came in ragged gulps as a torrent of thoughts surged through my mind, threatening to drag me under, to consume me. how could this be happening? i had been on my best behavior, dabbling in self care like some sort of guru
then, describe some cognitive restructuring strategies to challenge this thought. anxious thought i can't handle this workload. i'll never finish everything on time and i'll lose my job. cognitive restructuring strategies 1. identify the evidence what specifically are you finding difficult to handle? e.g., a particular project, too many deadlines, etc. what is the real timeframe for finishing all tasks? is it really as tight as you believe? what accomplishments have you had in the past that suggest your ability to handle a heavy workload and meet deadlines? how
blood clot fear pushing on my thigh when i stand straight up all the way at the top about 2 inches from my hip bone causes some discomfort. i don't really know how to describe the pain other than almost tingly and a little sore. been paying attention to it for about 6 months but may have been there longer. it's on my left leg if that matters but really making me worry i may have a blood clot. that leads me to worry it might break off at any moment and pretty much end me. is there any other reason the constant discomfort would be here or do i likely have a clot?
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and self doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to focus on anything but the negative thoughts that swirl through my head. anxiety has me in its grip, making simple decisions feel like a daunting challenge. i'm consumed by a constant stream of intrusive thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. fear clutches my heart, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the crushing weight of my anxieties. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me tightly, leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts and unable to escape their grasp. i'm drowning in a sea of doubts and insecurities, each wave crashing over me with greater intensity. my thoughts race through my mind like a relentless storm, leaving me exhausted and disheartened. fear clutches at my heart, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the uncertainty that consumes me. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, unable to
a ticking clock, a whirlwind of thoughts in my head. the weight of responsibilities and expectations looms heavy on my shoulders. the thought of failing, the fear of the unknown, the fear of the future, all swirl together like a storm in my mind. every nerve, every fibre of my being is on edge. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, my heart racing, my breath shallow, my muscles tense. i feel as though i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and yet, i can't escape. i long for peace, for calm, for a moment of respite. but anxiety clutches me tighter, refusing to let go. i'm
use descriptive language to paint the scene. in the darkened recesses of her consciousness, the thoughts swirled and eddied like the ink of a child's experiment with a homemade volcano. an oppressive wave of anxiety weighed heavily upon her shoulders, a burden as immense as the sarlacc pit on tatooine. her heart raced in time with the claxon's alarm that blared in her mind, drowning out the symphony of reason and tranquility. the world outside of her skull swam in an ethereal haze, heropic as a dagobah swamp, each breath drawn shallow and labored, as though the
the thoughts of a mind, clouded by fear and doubt, racing with a relentless intensity. anxious moments an inner journey the sun casts long, eerie shadows through the gaping cracks in the heavily textured curtains of the small bedroom. outside, the wind howls through the narrow alley, creating a sense of unease that seeps through every crack, every seam, every crevice. it's not just the wind. there's something else, something unspoken. a palpable, intangible presence that weighs upon the soul, a burden that gnaws and craves, an affliction that consumes the mind,
inner monologue why is everything moving so quickly? i can't catch my breath, can't focus, can't think. my heart is racing, my hands shaking, the fear gnawing at the pit of my stomach. i can't believe this is happening again. the deadlines are closing in, the emails are piling up, the expectations are mounting. i try to remind myself that it's just stress, just pressure, just part of life, but it feels like more than that. it feels like a threat, a danger, an impending disaster. i thought i had it under control. i thought i could juggle all the balls in the air
i'm gasping for air, my heart racing, adrenaline coursing through my veins. each breath i take feels like an eternity, as if the air itself is growing thinner with every inhale, my chest heaving and tightening with each painful attempt to fill my lungs. my hands are trembling, the world around me a hazy mess, colors smeared and blurred together like an impressionist painting. my thoughts are a muddled, chaotic mess in my brain. i hear a faint ringing in my ears, like a distant alarm bell that refuses to be silenced. but i can't be here, in this spot, trapped by
i'm drowning in a sea of doubt and fear. every thought is amplified, every mistake a mountain, every future outcome a chasm of uncertainty. my heart races, my breath comes in gasps, and i'm stuck in this whirlpool of anxiety with no escape. each tick of the clock feels like an eternity, every passing second a hurdle to clear. i'm frozen in place, unable to move forward, unsure of where to go, or even if it matters. i yearn for peace, for stillness, for a moment's respite from the relentless tide of my mind. but instead, it churns and threatens to drag me under,
heart racing, palms sweating, thoughts swirling in a chaotic dance oh no, not again. why does this always happen to me? i can't breathe, i can't think. my mind is a tumultuous sea, churning with unresolved fears and doubts. the clock on the wall ticks relentlessly, each second stretching into an eternity. the weight of the world pressing down on my shoulders, threatening to crush me beneath its heavy burden. the room spins around me, blurring the edges of my vision. i am losing control, slipping away from the solid ground beneath my feet. breathe, i tell myself
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, constantly replaying potential catastrophes, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'i'm on edge, my thoughts racing like a never ending train of anxiety, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches at me, a heavy weight in my chest, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the fear gnawing at my core.' 'the constant chatter of my mind keeps me awake at night, a relentless cycle of worry and fear that leaves me feeling drained and helpless.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and
every waking moment is filled with fear and doubt, as if i'm constantly teetering on the edge of a cliff, unsure if i'll fall.' 'my mind is a storm of relentless thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the chaos within.' 'anxiety has a grip on me, tightening with each passing moment, as i struggle to find calm amidst the tempest of worry and uncertainty.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me like a heavy burden, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'my thoughts race ahead of me, a tangled web of worry and fear, leaving me
in the stillness of the darkened room, her heart raced, a wild stallion that refused to be tamed. beads of sweat trickled down her face, her palms slick against the cool sheets. she was alone, utterly alone, but the enemy was within. it wasn't a figure in the shadows or the howling wind outside. it was fear itself, a insidious foe that crept into her mind, took root and slowly swallowed her whole. breathe, she whispered, forcing herself to focus on the simplest of tasks. her lungs filled with air, then released, only to be reclaimed by the icy grip of fear. you
inside the chaotic labyrinth of her mind, she frantically sought solace from the clutches of anxiety and dread that had ensnared her, shackling her in invisible bonds. the once tranquil landscape of her thoughts, painted with the soft hues of serenity, had been overtaken by the dark, tumultuous waves of stress. it was a storm in a teacup, a cyclone of worries, and an impenetrable fortress of fear. she felt a knot forming in the pit of her stomach, the familiar sensation of butterflies growing wings and taking flight. her heart raced, a frenzied drumbeat driving
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, each one threatening to swallow me whole. my thoughts spiral into a dark abyss, each one feeding the next, leaving me trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and worry. my heart pounds in my chest, my breath shallow and uneven, as i struggle to find a way to quiet the storm of anxiety raging within me. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and alone, unsure of how to break free from its grasp. fear claws at my insides, tearing away at my
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. i'm constantly on edge, my muscles tensed and my mind racing with fear, as if i'm waiting for the next disaster to strike. my mind is a storm of uncertainty, and i can't seem to find shelter from the relentless waves of anxiety. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to escape the mental prison that keeps me hostage to my fears. my heart pounds in my chest, my breath shallow and uneven, as i struggle to find peace in the midst of my racing
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in my own thoughts. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly, and i fear that i'm losing control. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to find a way out. fear clutches at my heart, making it hard to concentrate on anything else, and i feel
thought my heart races as i stare at the endless to do list on my desk. each item a mountain to conquer, each deadline a cliff's edge. the phone rings, and my palms become slick with sweat. how can i do it all? why is everyone relying on me? my mind reels with the possibilities, the fears, the doubts. all i want is a break, a moment to catch my breath. but the to do list beckons, demanding my attention. i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, and i can't escape the vicious cycle of constant pressure and unrelenting stress. anxiety weighs heavily on my
every breath feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of fears and doubts, as simple tasks loom insurmountable. my thoughts spiral into a maze of 'what ifs,' each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. my mind is a battleground of anxious thoughts, each one more persistent than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat a reminder of the fear that grips me, making even the simplest tasks seem impossible. the world around me feels like it's moving too fast, and i can't keep up
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, keeping me up at night and leaving me exhausted during the day. every breath feels labored, my thoughts racing like a ticking time bomb, each moment a potential disaster waiting to happen. anxiety clutches my heart, a constant knot in my stomach, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to move forward. fear gnaws at me, a persistent itch in the back of my mind that i can't seem to scratch, no matter how hard i try. my thoughts are a tangled web, a maze of worries and fears that leaves me feeling trapped and unable to
they re trapped somewhere with no communication, no ability to escape, and have already exhausted all their means of help. in their mind, the following thoughts might run through their head 1. this can't be real. i must be dreaming. but i can feel the cold, hard ground beneath me. the reality is setting in. 2. oh god, what is happening? why am i here? i don't understand. this makes no sense. 3. i can't believe i'm stuck here. this isn't how my story is supposed to end. i was supposed to do great things. 4. my heart is pounding in my chest. it's hard to breathe
i can t do this, i just can t. my heart is racing, and my mind is a constant storm of doubts and worries. every decision, every action feels like a minefield, and i m so exhausted from treading so carefully all the time. i want to scream and cry, to break free from the cage of anxiety that holds me captive. but i can t, not here, not now. i have to keep going, push through, pretend like everything is okay. my body shudders, my thoughts swirl, and i clench my jaw as tight as i can, willing myself to stay calm. i m drowning in the ocean of my own thoughts, and i
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, constantly replaying potential disasters and leaving me paralyzed with worry. here are a few more examples 1. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to escape the anxious thoughts that consume me. 2. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to focus on anything but my anxiety. 3. i feel like i'm on edge all the time, constantly anticipating the worst case scenario and dreading the unknown. 4. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a blur of worry
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one leading to a worst case scenario, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'anxiety clutches at my heart, robbing me of peace and calm, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly on the edge.' 'fear gnaws at me from the inside, making me doubt every decision and second guess myself, leaving me feeling stuck and helpless.' 'my thoughts race ahead, fueled by anxiety, leaving me feeling like i'm on a never ending rollerco
every minute feels like an hour as i grapple with intrusive thoughts, fearing the unknown and the what ifs that keep me up at night.' 'anxiety grips me, as i obsess over the smallest details, leaving me unable to focus on the present moment and consumed by worry.' 'frozen in fear, i'm paralyzed by the relentless churning of my mind, unable to escape the spiraling cycle of doubt and uncertainty.' 'my thoughts race like a never ending waterfall, drowning me in a sea of worry and fear, leaving me feeling powerless and alone.' 'my mind is a storm of constant worry
i'm so scared it's me again back with my head pains that i've been getting since october i went to the doctor on december 14th she gave me a diary to write my headaches in. i felt fine for a week after seeing her im not really feeling any sharp pains like i was but now i'm feeling dull aches at the base of my skull and behind my eyes its seriously scaring me so much, i literally cried last night because i'm scared it's a brain tumor or aneurysm i want to go back to the doctors and get an mri so bad i hate this so much, im constantly scared i'm gonna die at 21.
i can't do this. i just can't. my heart races, my palms are slick with sweat, and my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and i feel as though i'm being pulled in a thousand different directions at once. i take deep, shuddering breaths, but they seem to do little good. my thoughts race, a relentless barrage of worst case scenarios and uncertainties. what if i make a mistake? what if i fail? what if i disappoint everyone who's counting on me? the list goes on and on, each thought more terrifying than the last.
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness in this moment.' 'anxiety clutches my heart, making it difficult to breathe or focus on anything but the fear that consumes me.' 'fear and worry gnaw at me from the inside, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last, creating a tidal wave of anxiety that threatens to swallow me whole.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to break free and find peace in the present moment.' 'anxiety weighs
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty and dread. alternative thought anxiety's tight grip around my thoughts leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to break free from the endless cycle of fear and doubt. another alternative thought fear claws at my insides, gnawing away at my peace as i struggle to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts raging through my mind. a shorter alternative thought anxiety's grip leaves me a prisoner to my own thoughts, robbing me of peace and calm. a more poetic thought anxiety
thought my heart races as i gaze at the unending to do list, the pressing deadlines and the looming responsibilities. my thoughts spiral out of control, drowning me in a sea of 'what ifs' and 'what thens.' this heaviness in my chest, this clogged sensation in my throat, it's like an unbearable weight i can't escape. i wish i could just press pause on my life, take a break from the endless juggling of responsibilities, take a deep breath and watch the world go by for a little while. but i know i can't. i must keep going, keep pushing, keep climbing. even though
inner monologue what if i'm not good enough? what if i can't do this? every step i take feels like i'm walking on thin ice, with every creak, i'm expecting to hear the sound of breaking, and the sudden plunge into the freezing cold water. my heart races at the thought, my palms are sweating, and my mind is a whirlwind of self doubt and anxiety. i look around, but everyone else seems to be gliding effortlessly across the surface, their smile reassuringly wide and their confidence unshakable. how can they possibly make this look so easy when i can't even seem to
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fears.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of uncertainty and fear.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last until i'm overwhelmed by the weight of my own mind.' 'i'm caught in a storm of emotions, with fear, doubt, and worry driving me to the brink of despair.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a thousand what ifs, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
deep, labored breathing, mind whirling with a million different thoughts why am i feeling so trapped? is it the deadlines looming over me? the endless stream of emails filling my inbox? or is it the relentless ticking of the clock, reminding me of time slipping away? my heart races as my thoughts swirl around in my head like a vortex, threatening to pull me under. i clench my fists and squeeze my eyes shut, hoping to block out the chaos that threatens to consume me. what if i fail? what if i can't meet these expectations? what if i'm not good enough? the doubt
my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control like an endless waterfall of worry. anxiety clutches at me like a vice, its grip tightening with each passing moment, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped within my own mind. i'm drowning in a sea of worries and fears, the constant churning of my thoughts leaving me gasping for breath and longing for calm. anxiety's cruel grip leaves me feeling trapped in my own
my mind is a chaotic storm, drowning me in endless worries and fears, leaving me unable to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my joy and replacing it with a heavy burden of apprehension and uncertainty. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more frightening than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and alone in the face of my own mind. fear clutches at my heart, choking me with its icy grip, making it impossible to breathe or think clearly. my thoughts race like a wildfire, fueled by fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, my mind a labyrinth of worries and fears, each one more overwhelming than the last. anxiety claws at me from the inside, a relentless storm of emotions that leaves me feeling powerless and alone. my mind is a jumbled mess, filled with uncertainty and doubt, like a dark forest with no clear path to follow. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat a reminder of my own fragility, as anxiety gnaws away at my peace of mind. fear and worry hold me captive, a prisoner in my own thoughts, unable to break free from their grasp
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, i can't seem to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts in my head. anxiety clutches my heart in its grip, as i struggle to breathe and focus on anything but the overwhelming fear that consumes me. every nerve in my body is on edge, the slightest sound or movement sends my heart racing and my mind spinning in a vicious cycle of fear and doubt. i'm trapped in a prison of my own thoughts, each one a fearful anticipation of the worst possible outcome. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, i
the person is standing outside their home, having been asked to by their significant other to take a break for a couple days, alone. exhale heavily god, i can't do this. just a few days. that's all it is. just a few days. but how? how am i supposed to function without them? i've grown so accustomed to their presence, their touch, their voice. the silence is suffocating. i keep reaching for my phone, to call or text, to hear their voice, but i resist, i know i must. but the thought of being apart, even for such a short time, fills me with a sense of dread. what
i'm constantly on edge, my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, making it difficult to focus on anything other than the fear and uncertainty that consumes me. every breath feels labored, every thought a jumbled mess, as my anxiety threatens to overwhelm me and leave me powerless. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to escape the grip of anxiety that clings to me like a shadow. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me, making even the smallest tasks feel like a mountain
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and no matter how hard i try, i can't quiet the storm of anxious thoughts. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear, unable to break free from the grip of constant worrying and uncertainty. anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my thoughts race at a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless to stop them. i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, unable to find solid ground and struggling to keep my head above water. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind
my mind is a storm of endless worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to escape the constant churning in my mind. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, with each passing moment bringing new waves of fear and doubt. fear grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety is a heavy weight on my shoulders, pulling me down and making it hard to breathe. my thoughts race like a runaway train, leaving me feeling powerless and out of control.
every breath feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of doubts and fears, as i struggle to keep anxiety at bay. anxiety grips me like a vice, my thoughts racing ahead, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to focus on anything but the fear consuming me. each tick of the clock feels like a thousand pounds, the weight of uncertainty pressing down on me, as i try to find solace in the present moment. my mind is a stormy sea, turbulent and chaotic, as i grapple with the relentless waves of anxiety and fear. the world around me feels distant and surreal, as i drown in
inner voice shaking, panting, mind racing what if i'm not enough? what if i can't handle this? why did i think i could take on so much? this deadline is closing in, and i've barely made a dent in it. the words on the screen mock me, a stubborn block of digital obstinacy, daring me to conquer it. my mind is empty, thoughts scatter and elude my grasp, slipping through my fingers like grains of sand through an hourglass. each tick of the clock feels like a hammer, driving each fleeting second deeper into the unforgiving abyss of my anxiety. my heart pounds, rapid
twitching i ve always had random twitches since i developed health anxiety and i ve been able to dismiss it always, especially being that it s been 6 years. although, if i dismissed then and lowered my anxiety why did they remain? and on thursday i just started having them consistently in my legs. thursday i was in a bad mood but, not that anxious? anyway it s either that or random stinging pain. pain but, doesn t really hurt at all. i ve been to the gym, ran, whatever, all good but i m still concerned about circulation issues or whatever, googling it all lol.
inner monologue breathe in... breathe out... i can't do this. my heart is pounding, my mind is racing, and my hands are shaking. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, making it difficult to focus. i can't concentrate, my thoughts are bouncing around like a pinball, colliding with each other, creating an unending chain of worry and fear. what if i fail? what if i'm not good enough? what if i let everyone down? these thoughts are relentless, circling around my head like vultures waiting for their prey. i can feel my anxiety building, expanding until it
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. alternative 1 the gnawing worry in the pit of my stomach refuses to subside, each second adding another layer of fear to my already fragile state. alternative 2 anxiety grips me, my mind a whirlwind of thoughts, as simple tasks become insurmountable mountains, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and incapable. alternative 3 my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of reason, as i struggle to keep my thoughts from
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, each thought amplifying the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts are a constant storm, robbing me of peace and leaving me feeling overwhelmed and uncertain. anxiety clutches my mind, each worry a heavy burden, and i can t seem to escape its relentless grip. i'm drowning in a sea of fear and doubt, each wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my thoughts race like a runaway train, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling trapped in a vortex of worry and uncertainty.
1. the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe. i feel suffocated, trapped in the confines of my own mind. 2. thoughts race through my head like a never ending marathon, blurring the lines between reality and imagination. 3. each tiny detail threatens to consume me, the mounting pressures building like a tidal wave, threatening to engulf me entirely. 4. i struggle to find solace in the chaos, my heart racing like a caged wild beast, my mind a whirlwind of unchecked thoughts and fears. 5. anxiety grips me like an unrelenting
use a stream of consciousness style with run on sentences and frequent capitalization for emphasis. i don t know if i can do this. i mean, i really don t know if i can. it s too much pressure. the weight of expectations on my shoulders is suffocating. i can t breathe. what if i fail? what if i m not good enough? i need to be perfect, but how can i be when i m already so uncertain of myself? and what about all the people relying on me? my family, my boss, my friends. i can t let them down. i can t let them all down. but how can i possibly meet their needs when
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing faster than a runaway train, unable to focus on anything but the anxiety gnawing at me. the weight of my fears and insecurities presses down on me like a heavy fog, clouding my judgment and leaving me feeling trapped. i'm drowning in a sea of doubts and fears, each wave crashing over me, leaving me struggling to stay afloat. anxiety grips me like a vice, tightening its hold with every passing moment, leaving me feeling power
my mind is a storm of constant worry and fear, i can't seem to quiet the relentless chatter and uncertainty.' 'my thoughts race like a runaway train, each one leading to another, creating an endless cycle of anxiety and dread.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, every breath a struggle, every moment filled with fear of the unknown.' 'i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'my heart pounds, my mind races, and my thoughts are consumed by a cloud of fear and self doubt.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is a whirlwind of constant worries and fears. every little thing sets off a chain reaction in my head, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. i'm scared to leave the house, afraid of what might go wrong and the judgment of others. it's a never ending cycle of anxiety that's leaving me drained and exhausted.
health anxiety taking over my life since i got the flu this year, i ve been constantly worrying about my health. i wake up in a panic every day. i am constantly worrying that i m losing my vision or that i have ms, brain tumor, etc. i ve gotten blood work that all came back perfect. i m only a teenager but these worries are controlling me all the time. i ve been on medication for a month and a half and started seeing a therapist a couple of weeks ago but it still isn t doing the trick. are there any tips that you guys can give? i m beginning to feel hopeless.
the inner voice is loud, and the emotions are raw and overwhelming. in the dimly lit recesses of my mind, i can hear the ticking time bomb, the relentless march of the seconds. each tick, a harsh, unyielding reminder of the present. the present, a labyrinth of fear and doubt, where i am lost and alone, desperate to find a way out. but the path is narrow, obscured by shadows and the fog of uncertainty. my heart beats wildly, an erratic metronome that i can feel in the very fabric of my chest. it's a strange, alien rhythm that i've come to know all too well. it
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, each thought building on the last, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. anxiety claws at me from the inside, its relentless grip tightening with every breath, as i struggle to find solid ground in the swirling chaos of my thoughts. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the grip of my own mind. the weight of uncertainty bears down on me, as anxiety weaves its intricate web of doubt and fear, trapping me in a maze of my own making. anx
the fear could be of something unknown or realistic. use as much detail as possible. title tangles of uncertainties inner dialogue beads of cold sweat drip from my forehead, creating new terrains on my face mapping the contours of my mounting worry. the room, a shapeless abyss, stretches out from the recesses of the dimly lit corners of my peripheral vision. each breath draws with it a deep, unforgiving draft that slithered into my lungs and tightened my muscles. my heart thumps, wild and frenzied in the emptiness of my chest like the rapid drum roll of an im
inner monologue i can't do this, i just can't. my heart races, my mind spirals, and i can barely draw a breath. it's all too much. every nerve ends tingling, a prickling sensation running down my spine. i cling to the worn edges of sanity, trying to hold on as the dark waves threaten to overwhelm me. i muster what little courage i have left and force myself to focus, to concentrate, to center myself. but can i truly center myself when every fiber in my being is screaming for me to run? when i can hear the whispers in the darkness, urging me to succumb to fear
i thought i was crazy and alone i ve suffered from hypercondria for years due to paranoia from almost dying when i was a baby and i thought i was completely crazy. staying up to ungodly hours, worried about every little thing, thinking the world was foreshadowing my death, etc. i was still kind of am angry and annoyed at myself and forced myself to suffer in silence because i was being unreasonable. but. like. there are other people like me. i m not trapped in my own mind, or if i am, i m not alone here. i m literally crying with happiness i can t explain it.
considerations should be given for tone and length. thought in the chaos of my thoughts, i drown. endless questions dance on the edge of my consciousness, a whirlpool of doubts dragging me in. time slows to a crawl as my heart beats wildly in my chest, each pulse a reminder of my own impermanence. breathing becomes a labor, every inhale a mountain to climb, every exhale a defeat. in moments like these, it's easy to forget that this isn't reality, it's only the noise in my head. but the still, small voice beneath the surface whispers, it will be okay. breathe.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. anxiety leaves me feeling like a trapped bird, unable to fly free from the cage of my own thoughts. my thoughts race faster than a speeding train, and i can't seem to catch up or slow down, leaving me feeling exhausted and powerless. i'm drowning in a sea of worries, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to reach the surface for a breath of calm. anxiety is a constant storm inside me, leaving me feeling both disoriented and unable to
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. another example my anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. a more upbeat example despite the storm of anxiety in my mind, i'm determined to find the calm within and conquer my fears. here's a longer thought for those who want to write more anxiety grips my heart, its icy tendrils reaching into every corner of my being, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. the thoughts in my head spin like a tornado
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. every breath feels labored as i struggle to calm my racing thoughts, each one a potential disaster waiting to happen. i'm constantly on edge, my nerves jangling like a frayed wire, and i can't seem to find any peace in the chaos of my own mind. anxiety claws at me, tearing away at my peace, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. the weight of my worries presses down on me, crushing my spirit and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. i
in the dim, cold expanse of my mind, thoughts fester like wounds, each one a deep, pulsating ache. my heart races, hammering a persistent and unrelenting beat. the room seems to shrink around me, swallowing me whole. it's dark and unfamiliar, like a nightmare where every shadow is a hidden threat. breathe. you have to breathe. the words echo hollowly in my ears, a faint whisper that somehow manages to cut through the deafening din of self doubt and fear that threatens to drown me. but how? my lungs refuse to fill, as if trapped in a vise of unrelenting panic.
every thought that enters my mind is shrouded in fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my mind is a whirlwind of worry, each moment consumed by the fear of the unknown. anxiety clutches at me, leaving me paralyzed with fear and doubt, unable to move forward. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to find peace. fear grips me with every breath, my mind a constant battlefield of anxiety and uncertainty. anxiety clouds my judgment, leaving me second guessing every decision and questioning my
in the dimly lit room, a heavy coat of silence hung. an intricate labyrinth of thoughts meandered through my skull, each turning corner amplifying my mounting trepidation. a sibilant whisper of apprehension danced at the precipice of my consciousness, beckoning me with icy, gnarled fingers to succumb to its dark, unfathomable grip. my heart galloped, a relentless storm that threatened to shatter the precarious veneer of serenity my facade attempted to convey. my breath shallow, quick and ragged, elicited only the faintest rustle of air amidst the vast expanse
in the depths of my being, a tempest rages. my heart thumps wildly in my chest, an unrelenting drumbeat driving me to the brink of madness. my mind races, a whirlwind of thoughts and fears that threatens to swallow me whole. i'm trapped in a prison of my own making, the bars of doubt and insecurity that cage me an invisible yet unbreakable force. i see the world around me, yet it feels distant, unreal. each detail, each sound, each sensation, a mere abstraction, a facade behind which lurks the darkness of my thoughts. i'm unable to focus, to connect, to truly
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed with doubt and uncertainty. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to quiet the storm raging inside my head. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as my anxiety threatens to consume me from the inside out. i'm constantly second guessing myself, questioning every decision and every choice, leaving me feeling helpless and lost. my thoughts spiral out of control, like a runaway train, and i
coping mechanisms for trigger scenario i've had nightmare neighbors which my housing have ignored for years the ball is finally rolling but i'm freaking out as they are having the housing officer in question and community officer who doesn't speak up about things they said that were incorrect previously to come for this talk, where were going to discuss their failings. injustice and lying really trigger my anxiety and emotion regulation so i'm wondering what i could do in this meeting to relax? right now all i can think of is music in one ear and camomile tea
thought my heart races with every passing second. my mind is a whirlwind of doubts and fears. i can't focus, i can't breathe. everything feels heavy and unbearable. i don't know if i can keep going like this. anxiety is consuming me. i just want peace, calmness, and tranquility. but instead, i'm trapped in this vicious cycle. help me break free from these chains. answer i understand that anxiety can be all consuming and overwhelming. it's normal to feel this way during stressful times. but remember, you are stronger than this. take deep breaths, focus on your
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and my mind spirals out of control, leaving me trapped in a maze of anxious thoughts.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing like a runaway train, and the smallest thing can send me into a tailspin of fear and worry.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the constant churning of my worried mind.' 'my mind is a battleground, and every thought is a weapon, piercing me with fear and doubt, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'my heart beats wildly in my chest, and
inner monologue breathing in deeply, i can feel my heart pounding in my chest, the sound reverberating through my ears. every single fiber of my being is on high alert, and yet i'm frozen in place, paralyzed by a fear that grips me tighter than any physical force could. my thoughts race uncontrollably, an endless stream of worst case scenarios, each one more frightening than the last. my palms are sweaty, and my mind is a chaotic storm, swirling with uncertainties and doubts. a wave of panic engulfs me, and with it comes a deep feeling of desperation. the irr
i'm drowning in a sea of thoughts, my mind is a stormy ocean, relentlessly surging with waves of worry, fear, and doubt. the turmoil inside me is a whirlpool, dragging me down, and i'm unable to break free, to find calmness amidst the chaos. the very thoughts that should protect and comfort me, have turned into my worst enemy, a cruel and relentless oppressor. my heart races, my breath quickens, my muscles tense. i'm trapped, a prisoner to my own mind. can you imagine the desperation, the longing for peace, the yearning to be free from this relentless mental
what is he or she thinking and feeling? how might their words and tone reveal their internal state? person sighs deeply i can't believe this is happening again. the deadline is looming, and i'm still so far behind. i thought i had more time, but i underestimated the complexity of the project and now i'm drowning in work. my mind is racing a million miles an hour, and i can't focus on anything. every little mistake feels like a catastrophe. voice trembles what if i fail? what will people think of me? i can't let them down. i've let them down before, and i can
my mind is a chaotic storm of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my anxiety is like a heavy fog that obscures my vision, leaving me feeling lost and disoriented in my own life. anxiety gnaws at me like a relentless hunger, consuming my thoughts and energy, leaving me drained and exhausted. my thoughts spiral out of control, like a runaway train, and i'm powerless to stop it, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my heart races and my mind races, it's a constant battle to keep up with the relentless tide of anxious thoughts
use figurative language to create a vivid portrayal of the person s emotional state. beneath the veneer of the relentless afternoon sun, my chest heaves with labored breaths, a cacophony of discordant strings, as my heart pounds in my chest. each thump a drumbeat, reverberating against my ribcage, reverberating within my hollow veins, echoing through hollow chambers in my skull. the oppressive daylight bears into my being like a merciless iron fist, relentlessly gnawing at my soul, as the cruel, cacophonous symphony of thoughts and fears clamor for dominance
every nerve in my body is on edge, and my mind refuses to quiet down, as if i'm constantly on the brink of disaster. anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me trapped in a whirlwind of worry and fear, unable to focus on anything but the next potential catastrophe. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a blur of racing thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless tide of worry. i'm paralyzed by fear, my mind a tangled web of uncertainty and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to move forward. the weight of anxiety sits
the thoughts race back and forth, and words or phrases blur and lose meaning at times in the cacophony. however, when the person finds stillness, they recognize that fear is simply an illusion and peace is possible. inner dialogue racing thoughts, heart pounding in my chest... is it enough? have i done enough? no, there's more to do, more to prepare. what if i forget something? what if they don't like it? what if i make a mistake? the clock is ticking, the pressure mounting. this isn't how it's supposed to be. this isn't what i signed up for. breathe. in and
every time i step foot outside, my mind spirals with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. the weight of uncertainty consumes me, as simple decisions become insurmountable mountains to climb. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, and i'm left struggling to keep up, drowning in a sea of anxiety. anxiety clutches my chest like a vice, making it hard to breathe, let alone focus on the world around me. every moment is filled with fear and trepidation, and i can't seem to find a way to escape the vicious cycle of worry and doubt.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the storm inside. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, each one a potential disaster waiting to happen. my anxiety feels like a heavy fog, clouding my judgment and making even the simplest decisions seem impossible. the weight of my worries is a constant burden, and i'm tired of carrying the world on my shoulders alone. anxiety is a relentless cycle of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm a prisoner in my own mind, unable to escape the prison of
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like carrying a heavy burden every moment of the day. i can't shake off the fear that something terrible is about to happen. the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts racing uncontrollably. i'm terrified of being judged or rejected, and every interaction leaves me feeling drained and vulnerable.
my mind is a chaotic storm, relentlessly churning through every possible worst case scenario, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain. i'm held captive by the tyranny of my thoughts, shackled by the invisible chains of fear and doubt. every breath feels like an effort, my heart races with each beat, as my mind spirals into an abyss of worry and uncertainty. the constant chatter of my thoughts leaves me drained, as i struggle to focus on anything but the relentless cycle of anxiety. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry, each thought fueling the next, leaving me
they are trying to leave their apartment, but are encountering multiple fears and anxieties. inner monologue oh god, it's past due time for me to leave this apartment. but the thought of stepping out into the world is just... overwhelming. the sun is setting, and the streets will be getting darker soon. i don't want to be out there when it's dark. what if something happens to me? what if i get mugged or kidnapped or... worse? no, no, i need to get a grip. i can't let my fears control me. but what if i'm just being irrational? what if there's really no reason
as the sun sets, the world around me fades into a blur of colors and sounds. the chatter of the crowded room begins to feel like a cacophony, each voice another intrusive thought, another piece of information clamoring for my attention. my heart races, palms sweat, and breathing becomes labored. i can't escape, there's no room to breathe, no space for quiet reflection. i'm drowning in my own mind, the weight of expectations and inadequacies threatening to pull me under. anxiety has a hold of me, and with every passing moment, it becomes harder to break free.
they re stuck in an open field, having misjudged the distance to reach their friend s house. it s starting to get dark, the wind s picking up, and insects are everywhere. inner monologue deep, shaky breaths oh god, i thought i could make it. i thought the path would lead me straight to their house. i miscalculated. the sun is slipping away, leaving me alone in this expansive, open field. the wind picks up, howling around me, carrying with it the chill of an impending storm. my stomach twists into knots, my heart races, and i cling to the thought of my friend
worried about smoke so i never smoked and always thought that was that, but lately i ve been reading about the dangers of second hand smoke. where i live everyone smokes. go for a coffee? it s in your face. go to the bars? clothes smell like smoke. walk on the street? smoke! i m freaking out. i know it s not as bad as me smoking, and for years there were no smoking laws remember non smoking sections on airplanes? and most people were fine. but i m convinced i m doomed to copd or lung cancer, especially since i have asthma. though my asthma is well contained.
what emotions, thoughts, and sensations are they experiencing? thought i can't do this. my heart is pounding, my palms are sweaty, and my mind is racing with worries and fears. the deadlines are piling up, and i can't focus on anything. i'm so tired of feeling this way, but the more i try to push through it, the worse it seems to get. i can't shake this feeling of dread and helplessness. i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and i can't see a way out. it's like my brain is stuck on repeat, playing the same anxious thoughts over and over again. i feel trapped, and
inner voice whispering what if i can't do this? what if i fail? what if i let everyone down? the pressure is building up, and i can't seem to cope. my heart is racing, my mind is clouded, and my body feels like a heavy burden. calming voice gentle and soothing take a deep breath, my dear. in through your nose, and out through your mouth. you're not alone in this. it's okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes. these feelings are temporary, and they will pass. you've faced challenges before, and you've always come out stronger. remember, everyone makes mistakes, and
do you think my doctor would object to me asking for an ekg for the sole purpose of soothing my anxiety? i've been having chest pain these past few days after a really bad heart palpitation that freaked me out. i recently saw my doctor three times in a row and worry about looking like i'm crazy for going in for something that is almost definitely anxiety. i just feel that an ekg would be quick and simple, and i don't want to beat around the bush i'd rather just tell her it's because i'm anxious. i guess the reason why i'm anxious is reason enough for a test?
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the worry consuming me. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, and i'm trapped in a cycle of endless worrying and fear. my mind is a tangled web of anxious thoughts, and i can't escape the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, and the fear gnaws at me relentlessly, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless. the world around me fades away as the grip of anxiety tightens, leaving me isolated and alone in my own mind.
every muscle in my body is tense, and i'm consumed by an endless loop of negative thoughts, as simple tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry and fear, unable to focus or find peace amidst the chaos of my mind. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by doubt and uncertainty. my mind is a stormy sea, tossing and turning with relentless waves of fear and self doubt, leaving me feeling lost and disoriented. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a thousand what ifs, leaving me feeling helpless
it s ok if it's more poetic than factual. with every breath, i'm pinned beneath the weight of unspoken fears, whispers of the unseen unknown gnawing at my core. the world around me spins, elusive and distant, as if held captive by the iron grip of my anxious mind. every time you can't control your thoughts, know that's the anxious mind doing its thing, reminding you of things you can't yet control, things outside of your sphere of influence. sian davies. this quote helps me when the anxiety begins to spiral. i know that even in the face of uncertainty, i can
i can t breathe, my heart races, my thoughts are spiraling, my body is frozen. is this a heart attack? no, it can t be. i need to calm down. breathe. in through the nose, out through the mouth. focus on my breath. but why can t i calm down? what if something is wrong with me? what if this feeling never goes away? my mind races with worst case scenarios and i can t shake them. i m stuck in this endless cycle of fear and uncertainty. why me? what have i done to deserve this? i need help. i need someone to tell me it s going to be okay. but who can i trust? who
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, constantly replaying potential disasters and leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty. every day feels like an uphill battle, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that i'm not good enough or that something terrible is just waiting to happen. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me like a heavy fog, making it hard to focus on anything but the fear that i'm not in control. my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm left feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and self doubt. my heart races and my palms sweat, as my
every time i try to fall asleep, my mind spirals into a whirlwind of worries, leaving me wide awake and consumed by fear. my thoughts race through my head like a freight train, and i can't seem to escape the constant chatter, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling like a prisoner in my own mind. my body trembles with fear, and my mind is a battleground of endless what ifs and worst case scenarios. my heart pounds in my chest, and my breath comes in short, shallow gasps as i struggle to
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, my mind a constant whirlpool of worst case scenarios.' 'anxiety clutches at me, stealing my peace, and leaves me questioning every decision, every choice.' 'i'm trapped in a loop of self doubt and apprehension, my thoughts spiraling into a vortex of worry.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races, unable to quiet the storm of fear and doubt that consumes me.' 'the weight of anxiety presses down on me, a heavy burden that threatens to crush my spirit and leave me feeling powerless.' 'my thoughts race
inner monologue breath in, hold...breathe out, let go...repeat. i told myself that over and over, but the waves of stress and fear kept washing over me, leaving me disoriented and helpless. my thoughts were a relentless maelstrom, dragging me into the depths of doubt, insecurity, and fear. every nerve ending felt electric, my heart beat a frenzied tattoo, and i was powerless to escape this storm of anxiety. my palms grew sweaty as i scanned the room, my gaze falling upon all the tasks that lay before me, unfinished and pressing. my mind raced, a never ending
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, my mind a constant whirlpool of worst case scenarios.' 'anxiety clutches at me, stealing my peace, and leaves me questioning every decision, every choice.' 'i'm trapped in a loop of self doubt and apprehension, my thoughts spiraling into a vortex of worry.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races, unable to quiet the storm of fear and doubt that consumes me.' 'the weight of anxiety presses down on me, a heavy burden that threatens to crush my spirit and leave me feeling powerless.' 'my thoughts race
use at least four of your selected emotions. in the dimly lit recesses of my mind, a storm of thoughts and emotions swirled and collided, each vying for dominance. fear, gripped me in its cold, unyielding clutches, casting its sinister shade over all other sentiments. my heart pounded with an intensity that threatened to tear me limb from limb, while my breath came in labored, shallow gasps, punctuated by the shrill wail of anxious uncertainty. with each pounding heartbeat and stuttered inhalation, my mind echoed the siren's call of impending doom. suddenly
use metaphors or personification. in the depths of my soul, a tempest brewed, churning waters of unease and apprehension. fear, once a lurking shadow at the edges of my consciousness, now gnawed at me like a starved beast, its fangs sinking into the very marrow of my bones. the pounding in my chest intensified, a drumroll signaling the storm's arrival. microscopic demons danced in the blood vessels under my skin, sending ripples of alarm through my body. my mind, once an untroubled lake, transformed into turbulent rapids. swirling thoughts crashed into each
my mind is a never ending cycle of worries and fears, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my nerves taut as a wire, and i can't seem to find peace or calm in the midst of my swirling thoughts.' 'fear clutches at my heart, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless against the tidal wave of anxious thoughts.' 'my mind is a stormy sea, with waves of fear and doubt crashing against my thoughts, leaving me feeling drowned
every breath i take feels heavy, as if the weight of my worries is pressing down on me, and the future looms larger with each passing moment. my mind races with a million 'what if' scenarios, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the present. anxiety claws at me, robbing me of peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. fear gnaws at my insides, twisting my stomach into knots and leaving me feeling powerless against its grip. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling lost and unable to regain composure. my
my mind is a storm of fearful thoughts, and i can't seem to find a calm harbor in this sea of anxiety. anxiety grips me like a vice, making every breath feel labored and every thought a mountain to climb. my chest tightens with each passing moment, and i can't escape the feeling that danger lurks around every corner. fear clutches at me, leaving me trembling and uncertain, unable to focus on anything but the crushing weight of my worries. the world around me fades away, replaced by the deafening roar of anxiety, drowning out all other sounds and sensations.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm. every breath feels heavy and every heartbeat echoes in my ears, as i grapple with the fear that i'm not good enough or capable enough to handle what's coming next. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to focus on the present or find solace in the simple moments of life. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, twisting them into knots and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making even the simplest
im scared of car rides kinda sound weird but ive gotten into too many car crashes in the past 3 months not because of me, i was the passenger . i cant just get into a car for a ride without worrying that someone is gonna hit me. when im on freeways i get too scared because cars arent braking at the right time i want them to, cars are too close, were going too fast. i hate how scared i get, is there anything i can do about it? is anyone else like this? how do they deal with it ? probably sounds a bit crazy idk but i hate it, i worry too much when im in a car
my mind is a storm of worries and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. every breath feels labored, as my thoughts spiral into a vortex of fear and apprehension. my thoughts race a million miles per hour, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind. anxiety claws at me, leaving me feeling like a prisoner in my own body, unable to escape its grip. the weight of my worries feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, dragging me down and making it hard to breathe. my heart beats wildly in my chest, as if trying to escape the
inner monologue i can't do this. i just can't. my heart is racing, my mind is in a jumble, my breaths coming out in shallow, jagged gasps. the world feels as if it's spinning just out of my reach, teasing me with its stability, its normalcy, while i flail about in its chaos. the weight of expectation rests heavy upon my shoulders, making each breath a struggle, each thought a labor. why did i even agree to do this? my mind reels with the thousand different what ifs that crowd in around me, drowning out all reason and thought. my palms grow clammy, my throat
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't seem to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts racing through my mind. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless to escape the grip of anxiety. fear and worry gnaw at me, leaving me feeling consumed by my own thoughts and unable to focus on anything else. i
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, keeping me awake at night and unable to focus during the day. another example i'm constantly on edge, as if i'm waiting for the next disaster to strike, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. additional examples 1. anxiety has become my constant companion, whispering doubts into my ear and clouding my judgment. 2. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to break free from the grip of my racing thoughts. 3. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling paralyzed
inner voice exasperated how is this even possible? i've been working on this project for months now, and i've finally reached the final stage. the last piece of the puzzle should be a piece of cake, but instead, it's like my mind has decided to shut down altogether. me anxious but why now? i thought i was prepared for this. i thought i could handle the pressure. inner voice irritated well, that's the problem, isn't it? you thought you could handle it, but the reality is that you're just as human as everyone else. and humans aren't designed to function optim
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, and i can't seem to find peace in the present moment.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of anxiety.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear gnawing at my mind.' 'my mind is a battleground of conflicting thoughts and emotions, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and paralyzed by anxiety.' 'anxiety robs me of my
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. fear clutches my heart, making it difficult to take a single breath, let alone make decisions or move forward. every decision feels like a minefield, and i'm constantly second guessing myself, paralyzed by fear and self doubt. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. anxiety steals
as the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, my heart races and palms sweat. my mind swirls with a myriad of thoughts, all demanding attention and resolution. the seemingly insurmountable tasks pile up, and the ticking clock amplifies the urgency to act. fear and self doubt grip my being, and i am paralyzed, unable to move or think clearly. each shallow breath draws me further into the abyss, as my anxiety tightens its hold. in this moment, i can only wish for the strength and clarity to break free from its grip, and find peace within the chaos.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, keeping me awake at night and preventing me from focusing during the day.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.' 'every decision feels like a minefield, and i'm plagued by second guessing and self doubt, causing me to freeze in the face of even the simplest tasks.' 'anxiety claws at me from within, a relentless storm of worry and unease that leaves me feeling exhausted and unable to focus on anything but my fears.' 'i'm held captive
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape its grip. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me like a heavy fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every thought, every breath, feels amplified by my racing mind, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in my own anxiety. i'm held captive by the never ending cycle of doubt and fear, unable to find solace in the present moment. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, twisting them into knots that i can't untangle, leaving me feeling lost and
inner monologue i can t breathe. it s like a thousand weights pressing down on my chest, crushing me from the inside out. my heart is pounding, racing, an erratic wild beast in my rib cage. my hands are trembling, and my eyes won t stay still. the room around me feels infinite, vast and empty, and at the same time, overwhelmingly suffocating. time. it moves with the unforgiving slowness of molasses, yet races by at a breakneck speed. one minute i am here, in the present, the next an eternity has passed. but none of it matters, because nothing in this moment
inner monologue heart racing, breath quickening, mind whirling it's that time again. that dreaded moment when the weight of the world seems to press down on my shoulders, threatening to shatter me into a million pieces. the stress and fear gnawing at my very core, demanding recognition. you've got this, you're strong, i whisper to myself, but the reassurance falls flat, drowned out by the cacophony of thoughts rampaging through my brain. a thousand what ifs and if onlys flood my consciousness, clawing at my sanity like vines strangling a tree. if only i had
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and worries, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or clarity. here are some other examples i'm constantly on edge, every noise and movement sending my anxiety into overdrive. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next and leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything else. i'm caught in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to break free and find some peace. my anxiety feels like a thick fog, clouding my judgment
prostalgene opiniones revolution treatment of prostatitis spain prostalgene opiniones penis is truly created from 2 paired cylinders which are typically called the corpora cavernosa. when these sorts of cylinders get disturbed, they expand and are filled up with blood that is responsible for creating the penis laborious during erections. prostalgene work decreases with the age cluster. therefore, the thickness and the potential of your erections depend upon the quantity of blood in your cylinders. read more http www.supplementstest.com prostalgene opiniones
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, clouding my judgment and paralyzing me with indecision. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to break free from its grip. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, until i'm consumed by a tide of fear and uncertainty. the grip of anxiety tightens around my chest, making it hard to breathe, let alone focus on anything else. my mind races with worst case scenarios, making me
thought my heart is racing, my mind is a blur, and i can't seem to catch my breath. the world around me is spinning out of control, and i'm powerless to stop it. i'm drowning in the overwhelming weight of my anxiety, and i don't know how much longer i can hold on. i want to escape, to find a place where i can finally find peace and calm, but i don't know where to turn. the future seems uncertain and terrifying, and i'm paralyzed by fear. all i can do is take deep breaths and try to find a way to calm my racing thoughts, but it feels like an impossible task.
inner monologue oh god, i can't do this. my heart races, my palms are sweating, and my mind is in a million pieces. the pressure is building, and i can feel it suffocating me. i've got this important project at work, and i'm already behind schedule. every minute i spend trying to figure out what to do next, is another minute lost. the deadlines are closing in, and my nerves are shot. why can't i keep up? i've always managed to juggle multiple things at once, but lately, it seems like everything is colliding, and i'm just not managing. i should have said no
my mind is a storm of endless worries and fear, leaving me unable to focus on anything else. anxiety has a grip on me, robbing me of peace and tranquility, leaving me feeling helpless and uncertain. every thought is amplified by my racing mind, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. fear claws at my heart, making it difficult to breathe and focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. anxiety's grip on me is relentless, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape its grasp. my heart races, my mind races, and my thoughts spiral out of
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, as if each decision could shatter the fragile balance of my life. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry, unable to focus on anything but the endless stream of 'what ifs' and 'could haves' that threaten to consume me. my mind is a chaotic symphony of fear and self doubt, drowning out all rational thought and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety clutches at my heart, a relentless storm of emotions that leaves me feeling powerless and unable to escape its grasp. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, held captive
i can't catch my breath, the weight of my thoughts pressing down on me, each one a boulder that blocks the way forward. my heart races, my mind whirls, and my limbs tremble. my mind is a labyrinth, a never ending maze of worries, fears, and doubts. each worry feeds the next, and i feel lost, trapped, and alone. the world outside fades away, leaving only the echoes of my own fears, growing louder and louder until i can no longer distinguish reality from the twisted images in my mind. i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and i can't seem to find a way out. all i
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of thoughts and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my body tensed and my mind in a state of high alert, unable to find peace and calm.' 'anxiety grips me, a heavy weight that leaves me feeling paralyzed and uncertain of the future.' 'every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, as i struggle to find a moment of peace amidst the storm in my mind.' 'the world around me fades away, replaced by a tidal wave of worries and doubts, leaving me feeling isolated and alone.' 'an
how does the thought process reflect her mental state, physical symptoms and emotions? inner dialogue deep, labored breath i can't do this. it's just too much. why did i take all of this on? the deadlines are closing in, emails are piling up, and my to do list keeps growing. i can feel my heart racing, palms sweating, and my stomach twisted into knots. i know this feeling all too well the one where my mind and body are in a state of chaos, and the only thought that comes to mind is, i can't handle this. i try to remind myself of the importance of each task
inner monologue oh god, what have i gotten myself into? this wasn't how it was supposed to be. i wanted adventure, excitement, a chance to prove myself. not this the pounding in my chest, the choking feeling in my throat, the trembling of my hands, the tightening in my gut, the cold sweats. i can't breathe. i can't think. everything is a blur. why can't i control this? why am i like this? why does it always have to be this way when things get difficult? i wish i could turn back time, go back to when things were simple and safe. i just want to run, to hide,
the weight of the world presses upon my shoulders, my mind racing with thoughts and worries, an unending tidal wave of anxiety crashing against the shore of my consciousness. my heart pounds, my breath comes in quick, shallow gasps, and my hands tremble with the intensity of my fear. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle, unable to escape the grip of anxiety's clutches. each passing moment feels like a lifetime, a heavy burden that i can barely carry. i long for relief, for a moment's peace, but the storm within me rages on, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' living with anxiety feels like a constant storm in my mind. every little thing sets off a wave of fear and doubt. i can't help but feel like i'm under a microscope, with everyone watching my every move, judging me. it's exhausting, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. sometimes, i just wish i could press pause on life for a while and catch my breath.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and my mind spirals with fear, questioning the smallest of decisions. anxiety robs me of my peace, leaving me in a constant state of worry and doubt. my thoughts race like a wildfire, consuming me with fear and apprehension, leaving no room for calm. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the clutches of my racing thoughts. i'm held captive by my anxiety, each moment a battle against the relentless tide of negative thoughts. anxiety is a heavy weight on my shoulders, dragging me down and making
inner voice sighs deeply another day, another dollar. ugh, i hate that cliche, but it rings true. another day, another mountain of tasks, projects, and responsibilities piled up high, teetering on the edge of my desk. i've barely caught my breath from the chaos of yesterday. fear but how will i get through it all? the weight of the world seems to be pressing down upon my shoulders. my heart races, pounding with each anxious thought. there's never enough time in the day, never enough hands on the clock. there's only me. i can't do it all. can i? inner voice
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. anxiety holds me captive, keeping me awake at night and robbing me of the joy in everyday life. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind. i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of unease, like a dark cloud that follows me wherever i go. my nerves are frayed, every little thing sets me off, and i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next disaster to strike. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to
inner voice sighs deeply another day, another dollar. but where is the peace, the tranquility that i crave? every morning i wake up to the same rhythm, the same monotonous cycle. i clock in at work, ticking away the hours, waiting for the bell to ring, signaling the end of another day. but what then? more bills to pay, a mounting stack of responsibilities. the pressures build, choking me from the inside. my heart races, my breath shallow. fear sets in. i can't keep going like this. the stress is consuming me, gnawing away at me like a cancer. my mind races
inside my head, chaos reigned. my heart raced, pounding against my ribs, threatening to break free. the thoughts whirled, a frenzied cyclone of anxiety and fear. bills piled up like mountains. my budget was a fragile thing, crumbling beneath the weight. there was no margin for error. the pressure mounted with every passing day, fueling the turmoil inside. my mind drifted back to the argument i'd had with my partner. the words still stung. you're not pulling your weight around here, they echoed. my self doubt surged, amplifying my fears. i felt so helpless,
i can't breathe. my heart races and my chest tightens with every inhale, every exhale is a laborious effort. my mind is racing, a vicious circle of thoughts and worst case scenarios. this must be it, this is the end. i can't escape it, the terror and the fear. i try to calm down, i try to focus on my breath, but it's like trying to hold sand in my hands. every attempt to regain control is futile, and the panic grows. it's overwhelming, and i don't know if i can bear it for much longer. my thoughts are jumbled and incoherent, each one more alarming than the
my mind is a constant whirlpool of worry and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'the fear and uncertainty gnaw at me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainties and doubts.' 'my mind is a battleground of racing thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling like i'm losing control.' 'my heart races, my mind races, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in a cycle of anxiety.'
how can they challenge it? example of an anxious thought i'm going to the job interview tomorrow and i'm sure i'm going to mess it up. i'll say something stupid and they'll all think i'm incompetent. challenging the anxious thought 1. acknowledge the thought i'm having a thought that i might not perform well at the job interview and make a mistake. 2. identify the evidence what are the facts that support this thought? have i ever had a job interview before and messed up? have i prepared well for this interview? do i have a good understanding of the company
inner monologue deep, anxious breath the ticking of the clock feels like a relentless drumbeat pounding in my ears. each second that ticks away feels like an eternity. i stare at the glowing numbers on the clock, praying for them to slow down, to roll back even just a little. but no, time keeps ticking, indifferent to the panic that courses through my veins. my heart races, thundering in my chest, drowning out the soft hoots of an owl outside my window, the faint purr of the heater, the steady hum of the traffic below. my mind spirals, my thoughts tumbling
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't shake the feeling that i'm constantly on the verge of disaster. my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. my thoughts race at a thousand miles an hour, leaving me feeling breathless and overwhelmed, like a leaf caught in a hurricane. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the clutches of my own mind and the constant stream
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears. every little thing seems to trigger an anxiety storm within me. i can't shake off the feeling that something terrible is about to happen. the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, and i'm constantly on edge. it's like my thoughts are racing in a million directions at once, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
my mind is a constant storm of fears and doubts, making it difficult to focus on anything else and find peace. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, unable to escape the relentless thoughts that keep me up at night. anxiety has a grip on me, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. the weight of my thoughts is crushing, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace in the midst of my racing mind. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear, unable to catch my breath or find solid ground beneath my feet.
the character's name is olivia. breathe in deeply, hold it for a moment, and then exhale slowly olivia oh god, oh god, why now? i've been doing so well. i managed to keep my anxiety at bay for a week straight. i started going for daily walks, eating healthily, even started reading that self help book. i've been journaling every night, practicing positive affirmations, and focusing on my breath. but here i am, on a crowded bus, in a rush hour traffic jam, my palms are clammy, heart pounding, my vision tunneled, i can barely make out anything around me. this
my mind is a storm of worry and fear, relentlessly churning through possibilities that may never come to pass. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making it hard to breathe, as i fret over potential dangers lurking just beyond my reach. every fiber of my being screams for calm, but my thoughts race on, a never ending loop of fear and doubt that threatens to consume me. anxiety claws at me from the inside, a relentless tide of worry and fear that leaves me feeling powerless and alone. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to escape
my mind is a storm of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'my anxiety tells me that i'm not good enough, that i'll never measure up, leaving me feeling helpless and stuck.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my nerves tingling, as if i'm waiting for the next disaster to strike.' 'every breath feels labored, every thought a struggle, as i'm consumed by the crushing weight of my anxiety.' 'the world around me seems to blur as i focus solely on my racing thoughts, unable to break free from their grip.' 'anxiety clouds my mind, making it
inner monologue oh god, what if i messed it up again? my heart is pounding in my chest, my palms are sweating, and my mind is racing a million miles an hour. i should have studied more, prepared better, taken more time to understand. i don't deserve to be here. they all must think i'm stupid, unqualified, and a fraud. my breath is shallow, my chest is tight, and my thoughts are like a chaotic storm. what if i made a fool of myself in front of everyone? what if they all laugh, or worse, ignore me? i can't handle the rejection. my past failures come flooding
they are lost in an unfamiliar town and unable to find their way back home. inner monologue deep, shaky breaths where am i? this isn't my town, or my street. the buildings look different, and i can't understand the signs. i remember leaving the hotel, but after that...i don't know. the sun is setting now, making everything look more ominous than it probably is. my phone has no service, no one to call for help. my heart is pounding, my mind racing. which way should i go? left or right? my compass doesn't work, the map is no help. i've never felt so lost, so
every minute feels like an hour, my mind is a whirlwind of doubts and fears, and i'm powerless to escape its grasp. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, each second feeling heavier than the last, as my heart pounds in my chest and my mind races with what ifs. i can't seem to find peace in the present moment. each breath brings a new wave of anxiety, threatening to consume me entirely. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling helpless and alone in the darkness of my own mind. i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty
inner dialogue deep, troubled sigh i can't believe this is happening. the deadlines keep piling up and the workload just never ends. i feel like i'm drowning in a never ending sea of responsibilities, with no relief in sight. the fear of failing is consuming me, tearing me apart from the inside out. quick, shallow breaths i know i can't let this get the best of me, but it's hard when it seems like everything is working against me. the pressure is mounting, and i'm starting to doubt myself, questioning my abilities, my strength, my worth. i can't shake the
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't seem to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts swirling in my mind. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of worry and fear that grips me tighter with each passing moment. anxiety claws at my insides, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless against the tidal wave of emotions that threatens to consume me. my mind races like a runaway train, and i'm trapped in the passenger seat, unable to slow it down or find my way back to peace. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts, constantly analyzing
i'm consumed by constant worry, as if each decision could shatter the fragile balance of my life.' 'my mind is a storm of relentless thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, whispering fears that i can't escape, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain.' 'every breath feels labored, as if the weight of my worries is pressing down on my chest, suffocating me.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, like a runaway train, leaving me feeling helpless and lost in the chaos.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and doubt, unable to
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, as if my mind is a never ending merry go round of worry, and i can't seem to get off. my anxiety feels like a storm brewing inside me, the thunder of my heart drowning out any semblance of calm, leaving me trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, a heavy burden that i can't seem to shake, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear. i can't escape the loop of worry and self doubt in my mind. anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm held hostage by my thoughts, unable to focus or relax, as if my mind is a relentless storm of worry and fear. my heart pounds and my mind races, consumed by irrational fears and doubts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to move forward. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts spiraling out of control, as if i'm stuck in a never
every breath i take feels heavy, my mind races with endless worries, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the fear gnawing at me. or my thoughts are a jumbled mess, each one leading to another, and i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and doubt, unable to escape the grip of my anxiety. or the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and my mind is a battleground of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety. or i'm a prisoner in my own mind, constantly replaying past mistakes and imagining worst case scenarios, leaving
i'm standing here, heart racing, palms slick with sweat, and i can't believe it. another day, another mistake. i'm such a disaster, a walking, talking mess. my thoughts spiral out of control as the tension rises inside of me, each beat of my heart like a hammer against my skull. my breath catches in my throat, and i'm sure that everyone can hear the guttural sound of it, strained and uneven. i'm so far beyond help, so beyond repair. i can feel the weight of a thousand eyes on me, judging, questioning, and mocking. they see me, not for who i am, but for my
exhales deeply god, where is it? i checked the bag ten times already. it was there yesterday when i returned from the store. now, the envelope is gone, and with it, the rent money. no, no, no, not now. the due date is in two days. my mind is blanking out, replaying that moment when i unpacked the groceries for the thousandth time. the cashier's smile and the chatter of the shoppers are fading like a distant memory. my pulse quickens as my heart races faster. what do i do now? the bills keep piling up while my income dwindles like grains of sand. what am i
they are lost in a dense forest and unsure of how to find their way back to civilization. inner monologue shivering, disoriented god, i'm lost. the forest is getting denser, darker, and i can't find a single sign of civilization. my heart is pounding, the air around me thick with uncertainty. i keep telling myself to calm down, to stay focused, but my mind won't stop spinning with what ifs and worst case scenarios. exhausted, slumping against a tree i thought i was prepared for this hike. i had the map, the compass, the survival gear. but i underestimated
in this scenario, imagine that the person is lost in a dark forest. whispers to self, quickening breaths oh god, where am i? the sky is impenetrable, devoid of any stars or moonlight, yet it doesn't feel completely dark, doesn't it? as if the forest is alive, a cacophony of hues, hiding treasures or secrets that my quivering eyes fail to grasp in this obscurity of night. i should have stayed on the beaten path. how foolish i've been to think that forgoing maps would lead me to wondrous sights, that the path less travelled was the way towards enlightenment
every day feels like a never ending battle against my racing thoughts and the constant fear that i'm not good enough.' or, 'my mind is a storm of worries and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else.' 'anxiety grips me, making simple tasks seem insurmountable, and i'm consumed by the fear of the unknown.' 'i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of worry and fear that consumes me.' 'fear claws at my heart, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward, as my mind races with worst case scenarios.' 'my thoughts
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, keeping me awake at night and unable to focus during the day. i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a chaotic symphony of 'what ifs' and 'could haves,' leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. anxiety has a grip on me, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me exhausted from the mental effort required just to get through the day. i'm drowning in a sea of doubt and uncertainty, unable to escape the relentless cycle of negative thoughts that plague my every moment. i'm a prisoner to my own mind, held
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of thoughts, and i'm unable to focus or find peace amidst the constant worry and fear. or my chest tightens with each passing moment, and my mind is filled with a relentless stream of negative thoughts that i can't seem to silence. or anxiety claws at my insides, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped, unable to escape the swirling storm of fear and uncertainty within me. or my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling utterly consumed by the overwhelming tide of anxiety. or
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of constant fear and self doubt, unable to quiet the storm of anxiety raging within me.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain, unable to move forward or find peace.' 'my thoughts race like a runaway train, each worry building on the next, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless.' 'anxiety's icy grip tightens around my heart, stealing my joy and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'i'm a prisoner
an anxious thought a person might have is i have an important work presentation coming up, and i'm not prepared enough. even if i study all night before the presentation, i will likely still make mistakes, and everyone will notice. i might as well just cancel the presentation and save them from my poor performance. this type of thought can escalate anxiety and stress, leading to more overwhelming feelings, potential physical symptoms, and even avoiding the situation altogether. recognizing and addressing anxious thoughts is essential for managing anxiety.
weed anxiety i recently woke up from a really bad high and i am absolutely riddled with anxiety. i ve got high quite a few times before and have never had a reaction this bad. i m fortunate i was in a safe environment with people i trusted. now this morning i don t even want to get out of bed and i am full of so much regret for how i spent my night. i ve actually made amazing progress with my anxiety and haven t been at this level for so long. i don t want this hiccup to undermine my progress but i truly feel horrible. anyone experienced anything similar?
remember, they've done this before, so they know their patterns and have coping mechanisms. but they're scared and stress still exists. inner dialogue deep, calming breath i've been here before, this place of fear and anxiety, the uncomfortable grip of stress that leaves me feeling powerless and helpless. but i've been through it before, i've survived, i've thrived even. i know the coping mechanisms, i've tried and tested them, and they've worked. i can do this again. another, deeper breath but oh, how the fear clutches at my heart, the stress weighs down
inner voice exhaling deeply another day, another dollar. or is it another dollar, another day? i'm not sure which is worse. my alarm blares its invasive tune into my still slumbering ears, forcing me out of my cozy haven. why do i bother even trying to catch a few more z's? i've already hit the snooze button twice. i'm late already. traffic is never on my side, i just know it. the weight of my to do list drags me down, even before i open my eyes. the pressure mounts. another project deadline looming, another meeting with the boss, another late night freel
softly i can't do this. not today. not ever again. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, pressing down on my skull, my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out every other sound. this endless to do list, these never ending responsibilities, they threaten to suffocate me. fear claws at my insides, urging me to flee, to curl up into a tight ball and hide. i've done this before, so many times. i've survived, but the memory of each victory is just a faint whisper, lost in the noise of the present. i want to believe that there's another way, that there's a
inner monologue deep, shaky breaths i don't understand. i thought i had this under control. my mind's a jumbled mess now. the clock is ticking, but my feet feel rooted to the spot. my chest is tight and my heart is racing. every little sound, every passing car sets my nerves on edge. am i losing it? my thoughts are spiraling, one after another, faster and faster, each one threatening to consume me. they're voices from my past, memories that shouldn't hold so much power. what if... they hiss. what if i'm not good enough? it's overwhelming, the weight of it
be as specific and heartfelt as you like! every moment feels like a ticking time bomb, my heart races with the relentless passage of seconds. i can t escape the overwhelming fear that every decision i make will lead to catastrophic consequences, leaving me in the ashes of a regret ridden past. the future remains an uncertain terrain, and i struggle to forge a path forward, each step fraught with trepidation and self doubt. i crave stillness and certainty, but instead, my mind spirals into chaos, threatening to steal away any semblance of peace or control.
my mind is a constant storm of worries and doubts, making it difficult to focus on anything else. or, anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to quiet the relentless chatter in my head. or, every breath i take feels heavy and uneasy, as if my body is on high alert, constantly preparing for danger. or, the weight of my fears and uncertainties presses down on me, making it hard to keep up with the demands of daily life. or, my mind races with what ifs and worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to move forward. or,
wtf is going on in my head? normal ly i'm good at handling this, but i really need reassurance tonight. i rolled over in bed and accidentally strained the right side of my neck a bit too much. i immediately felt discomfort and started to get a dull pain shooting up my neck and into my head, all on the right half. my face felt numb ish and now feels... not swollen, but i guess 'puffy' is the best way to describe it? i have a dull headache on the right side of my head. totally freaking out. should i be worried, or am i losing it over a simple muscle strain?
714 words moments before the scheduled interview, i sat back in my seat, tapping my foot impatiently on the hardwood floor, my hands locked into a vice like grip on the armrests of the chair. i couldn't believe this was happening. the culmination of years of toiling, of countless all nighters spent scribbling equations on the page, of endless repetitions of practice problems. it all boiled down to this. my heart raced, my thoughts a jumbled, incoherent mess in the back of my mind. what if they see through me? what if i'm not as good as they think i am? my
anyone else here sorting through connections between anxiety and a parent with bpd borderline personality disorder ? what books or resources do you recommend? so, based on therapy, i read the drama of the gifted child and it blew my mind how many things it described that i used to think were just quirky about my parent, and then nailed ways it may have affected my emotions. it s not an easy path to process, but has anyone else come to late in life conclusions that their parent is likely borderline and that this is a direct connection to their own anxiety?
have my body forgotten how to breath properly? i have a constant feeling of tightness in my chest. no matter how i breathe i can never take a breath that feels relaxing and satisfying. sometimes when i don't pay attention to my breathing i subconsciously hold my breath for a few seconds only to gasp for air a few moments later. most of the time my breathing is shallow and irregular. a lifetime of anxiety and the associated sensation of having a hard time breathing makes me believe my nervous system have forgotten how to breath properly. can anyone relate?
i'd appreciate it if it could focus on a specific object or memory, and be around 100 words. here's an example my heart races as i reach for the photograph on the nightstand. memories flood my mind their laughter, their voices, their warmth. but there's also the weight of loss, the ache that never seems to fade. my hands tremble as i trace the outline of their faces, the corners of their mouths. each detail pierces my heart like a knife. i can't escape the past, it's forever etched into my being. and with it, the fear that i'll never feel that love again.
heart jumping in chest and suspected pvc. any advice? hey guys, for the last few days i've been having a hard time with a weird sensation in my chest. four or five times a day, i'll have a feeling like my heart jumped , or skipped and beat and compensated with one bigger beat to pump out more blood through my arteries. it feels horrible. for a few seconds, i feel like i have no pulse and even though i know it's normal and it's usually harmless it's just a horrible, scary, devastating feeling. does anybody have any advice on how to deal with those things?
heart jumping in chest and suspected pvc. any advice? hey guys, for the last few days i've been having a hard time with a weird sensation in my chest. four or five times a day, i'll have a feeling like my heart jumped , or skipped and beat and compensated with one bigger beat to pump out more blood through my arteries. it feels horrible. for a few seconds, i feel like i have no pulse and even though i know it's normal and it's usually harmless it's just a horrible, scary, devastating feeling. does anybody have any advice on how to deal with those things?
this monologue is focused on the fear of loss and abandonment. deep, labored breaths i can't breathe. i can't think. this feeling is creeping up on me, a heavy, suffocating weight that s growing larger by the second. it s fear, an all consuming fear of loss and abandonment. i m clinging onto every moment with every fiber of my being, because i know that with each passing second, the danger grows. i m not ready to let go, not yet. my heart races, pounding erratically as my mind reels through countless scenarios, all ending with the same disastrous outcome
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness, no matter how hard i try. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape its relentless grip. fear gnaws at my insides, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to focus on anything but my racing mind. the weight of anxiety sits heavily on my shoulders, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly, as if the world around me is moving too fast and i can't keep up. my heart pounds in my
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry and self doubt, unable to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts in my head. every decision feels like a minefield, and i'm walking on eggshells, fearing the consequences of even the smallest mistake. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, held captive by the relentless tide of anxiety that threatens to consume me. anxiety has become my constant companion, whispering doubts into my ear and leaving me feeling powerless and alone.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, each thought building on the last until i'm paralyzed by fear and uncertainty. i'm trapped in a cycle of endless thoughts, each one more frightening than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and hopeless. my thoughts are like a runaway train, careening through my mind without a break, and i'm unable to escape their grasp. the constant churning of my thoughts leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from reality, as if i'm watching my own life from a distance. my mind is a labyrinth of fears and doubts, and i'm lost in
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. another example my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me trapped in a cycle of constant self doubt and apprehension. here are a few more options 1. my anxiety clings to me like a shadow, casting doubt on every decision and leaving me feeling powerless. 2. the weight of my fears presses down on me, making it hard to breathe and focus on anything else. 3. my thoughts race through my head like a freight train, leaving me feeling out of control and overwhelmed.
my mind is a storm of worrying thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, and i'm powerless to calm the tempest within.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside, its tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus.' 'every breath feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, as i struggle to find a moment of peace amidst the chaos.' 'my thoughts race like a freight train, each one more relentless and consuming than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of worry, my mind
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a chaotic storm of unending worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. here are some more 1. my thoughts spiral into a vortex of anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against their relentless tide. 2. each breath feels like an insurmountable challenge, my heart pounding in my chest as my mind races with a million unanswered questions. 3. the weight of my fears presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, making it hard to move forward or even take a single step. 4. anxiety
every time i try to fall asleep, my mind is filled with a jumble of worries and fears, making rest seem like an impossible luxury.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment.' 'my mind is a storm of relentless thoughts, and i can t seem to find calmness or clarity amidst the chaos.' 'anxiety clings to me like a heavy burden, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'my heart races and my mind races, and i can't seem to escape the feeling of being constantly on edge.' 'anxiety tw
in the stillness of the dimly lit room, the sound of my racing heart thumped relentlessly in my ears. my breath, shallow and quick, fogged the mirror before me, a stark reminder of the uncontrollable turmoil within. the clock, an unforgiving and merciless sentinel, stared back at me, the seconds ticking away, mocking my inability to quell the tempest inside. an unending storm of thoughts raged in my mind, each one more chaotic than the last. my thoughts, once quiet and docile, had transformed into a ravenous, malevolent horde, intent on tearing me apart.
i can feel the weight of the world pressing down on me, as if i'm carrying an invisible boulder that's too heavy to bear. my heart races, my mind races, and my thoughts spin out of control, a vortex of fear and uncertainty. i struggle to catch my breath, to focus, to make sense of the chaos that's swirling around me. it's as if i'm standing at the edge of a cliff, staring into the abyss, unable to move, frozen in fear. i long for peace, for calm, for a sense of balance and stability, but it eludes me, slipping through my fingers like sand. i'm trapped in
remember that it's okay to feel anxious sometimes, and there are ways to manage it. here's a potential inner monologue i can't focus. my mind is a tangled web of worries and fears. the clock on the wall ticks away, each second a reminder of the relentless passage of time. i'm not here. i'm not really present. i'm lost in the land of what ifs, the realm of worst case scenarios. what if i don't meet that deadline? what if i disappoint them? i can feel the weight of the world pressing down on me. my heart races, my breath shallow, my muscles tense. my palms
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. or, every breath i take feels labored, as my thoughts spiral out of control, drowning me in a sea of anxiety. or, i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, each one feeding the next, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. or, i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner, leaving me on edge and unable to relax. or, my body is a tense, coiled spring, ready to snap at the slightest provocation, leaving me feeling
wtf is going on in my head? normally i'm good at handling this, but i really need reassurance tonight. i rolled over in bed and accidentally strained the right side of my neck a bit too much. i immediately felt discomfort and started to get a dull pain shooting up my neck and into my head, all on the right half. my face felt numb ish and now feels... not swollen, but i guess 'puffy' is the best way to describe it? i have a dull headache on the right side of my head. totally freaking out. should i be worried, or am i losing it over a simple muscle strain?
my mind is a storm of worries, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to quiet the storm. the weight of uncertainty feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, and my thoughts race uncontrollably. every breath i take feels labored, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and doubt that i can't escape. i'm caught in a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, and it feels like my brain is on overdrive, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. my heart beats wildly in my chest, and my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fears and worries, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. every breath feels labored, every moment filled with uncertainty, as my anxiety claws at me relentlessly. i'm held captive by the grip of my own thoughts, unable to break free from the cycle of worry and fear. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to focus on anything but the storm inside my mind. my heart races, my mind races, and
what's going on in their head, how they're feeling physically, what's causing the stress and fear, and what they might do to cope. inner dialogue deep, labored breaths god, i can't do this. the deadlines are closing in, the emails piling up, the phone ringing incessantly. my heart pounds against my ribcage, my mind races with a thousand potential solutions to a million problems. i feel as though i'm being swallowed whole by the enormity of it all. my muscles tense, my hands shake, my breaths quicken. this is too much. exasperated sigh i knew this project
trying some anxiety research hey everyone! i'm doing a project trying to really understand more of the perspective of people with anxiety. i am posting this on multiple subreddits to try and get the most amount of results. i would really appreciate it if you guys wouldn't mind helping me with my project, if this isn't within the rules, i'll one hundred percent take it down, but it would mean a lot to me to be able to get a more varied response to understand all kind of anxiety. amp x200b https forms.gle j8wq8y1nv2pc6xvv8 https forms.gle j8wq8y1nv2pc6xvv8
the person can't find their phone and is late for an important appointment. inner monologue oh no, where is it? i had it just a moment ago, right there on the counter. how could i have lost it? i can't afford to be without my phone. it's not just a communication device for me, it's my lifeline. my calendar, my schedule, my alarm clock, my compass, and my lifeline to the world. without it, i'm lost. i'm due at that important appointment in fifteen minutes and i can't afford to be late. again. the thoughts race through my head backpack, check. keys, check.
in the form of a paragraph . in the midst of the cacophony of sights, sounds, and smells assaulting my senses, i can t help but be consumed by the insidious miasma of anxiety. my heart races as thoughts clamor to be heard, their cacophony growing ever louder, their voices ever more shrill. i fear i won t be able to keep up, won t be able to manage the deluge of responsibilities pressing down upon me like an unrelenting tide. the sense of drowning, of being swallowed whole by the maelstrom of stress, is palpable. i am powerless against the relentless tide
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, keeping me awake at night and leaving me drained during the day. here are some more examples 1. every decision feels like a life or death situation, and i'm paralyzed by the weight of choosing the wrong one. 2. i can't seem to escape the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner, waiting to ruin my life. 3. i'm constantly on edge, jumpy and easily startled, never fully relaxed or at peace. 4. the future looms large and uncertain, and i can't help but feel helpless and overwhelmed by it
i'm constantly on edge, my mind a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm paralyzed by uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my anxiety clutches at me like a vice, stealing my peace of mind and leaving me feeling isolated and alone. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, my body trembling with fear, unsure of how to escape the vicious cycle of anxiety. anxiety grips me like a heavy weight, suffocating me with fear and doubt, leaving me feeling helpless
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, constantly replaying potential disasters and leaving me paralyzed with anxiety. anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me trapped in a cycle of irrational thoughts and relentless uncertainty. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts, unable to escape the grip of fear and self doubt that leaves me feeling helpless and alone. my mind is a chaotic storm, and anxiety is the relentless rain that soaks me to the core, leaving me feeling drained and powerless. anxiety robs me of my joy, replacing it with a heavy
my mind is a storm of constant worry, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the thought of leaving my home a daunting challenge. every muscle in my body tenses as fear and uncertainty consume me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to escape the dark cloud that looms over my every waking moment. my heart races and my palms sweat, as the weight of the world presses down on me, making even the simplest decisions seem impossible. i'm a prisoner to my
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the present. i'm held captive by the incessant chatter of my thoughts, each one a fearful prediction about the future. the weight of anxiety bears down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly. anxiety's icy grip tightens around my heart, as i struggle to find solace in a sea of uncertainty and fear. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of emotions, with worry and fear swirling around me like a tornado, leaving destruction in its wake.
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is just waiting to happen. my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i'm powerless to quiet the storm within. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that play on an endless loop in my head. anxiety gnaws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling fragile and vulnerable, unsure of how to escape its grip. the weight of my worries presses down on me like a heavy blanket, making it hard to breathe or think clearly.
i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, unable to quiet the storm of thoughts in my mind.' 'my mind is a tangled web of what ifs and worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, my thoughts spiraling out of control, drowning me in a sea of anxiety.' 'i'm held captive by the relentless churn of anxious thoughts, unable to escape the vicious cycle of fear and self doubt.' 'my thoughts race faster than a freight train, and i'm left clinging to the edge of a precip
every minute feels like an eternity, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of fear and uncertainty.' 'i'm trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus on anything else as my anxiety consumes me.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed and helpless.' 'anxiety grips me, and i can't escape the vicious cycle of fear and worry that leaves me feeling powerless.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm unable to calm my racing mind, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.' 'fear claws at my heart, and
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. or, anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and uncertain in the face of everyday challenges. every breath i take feels heavy, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. i'm held captive by fear, unable to escape its grip and move forward with confidence. my thoughts race ahead like a freight train, careening off the rails and leaving me disoriented and disconnected from reality. i'm trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and doubt, unable
my mind is a storm of worry, every decision feels like a life or death situation, and i can't seem to find peace amidst the chaos.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts race a million miles an hour, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'my anxiety feels like a heavy burden, it's hard to breathe, and i'm consumed by fear and uncertainty about the future.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, and i can't escape the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'i'm trapped
word count 50 150 amidst the relentless churn of thoughts, my mind spirals out of control. the ticking clock adds an unbearable weight to the deafening silence in the room. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat echoes through my skull. my chest clenches with the crushing weight of uncertainty. the present moment an insurmountable obstacle. i'm caught in a never ending game of what ifs and worst case scenarios, all playing out in my head like a horrifying, disjointed montage. the fear, raw and palpable, threatens to consume me. i long for the still
my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace.' 'i'm consumed by fear and doubt, each breath a struggle as i try to calm my racing mind.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, and i can't seem to shake the feeling of impending doom.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts race a million miles an hour, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.' 'anxiety clings to me like a heavy fog, obscuring my vision and cloud
my mind is a constant storm of fear and uncertainty, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. anxiety claws at me, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by my thoughts. i'm trapped in a whirlwind of worry, unable to quiet the relentless chatter in my head. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fears. my heart races and my mind races faster, a never ending cycle of fear and doubt that leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless. anxiety is a heavy weight on my shoulders, making even the
my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness, no matter how hard i try. anxiety grips me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. the weight of my fears and uncertainties presses down on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm a prisoner to my thoughts, unable to escape the constant chatter in my mind, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling helpless and alone in the face of my anxiety. my
an anxious thought a person might have is i can't focus on my work because i keep thinking about the deadlines i'm missing, and if i don't meet them, i'll lose my job and won't be able to pay my bills. i'm not good enough to handle this workload, and i'll let everyone down if i can't finish on time. this thought can lead to feelings of distress, worry, and fear, making it difficult for the person to focus and perform effectively in their work or daily activities. it is a common manifestation of anxiety and can significantly impact a person's well being.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. or anxiety grips me, filling my thoughts with doubt and uncertainty, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. or my nerves are on edge, every little sound or movement sending my heart racing and my mind spiraling with fear. or fear clutches my heart, as i struggle to find a moment of peace amidst the storm of anxious thoughts. or my mind is a battlefield, with anxiety as my relentless enemy, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless. or anxiety leaves me
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my mind is racing with endless thoughts and fears. every little noise makes me jump, my heart beats wildly, i can't escape this feeling of dread. i'm terrified of what might happen, of what people might think. the anxiety is consuming me, making simple tasks impossible. i just wish i could press pause and find some peace.
my mind is a whirlwind of doubts and fears, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or calm. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the dread gnawing at my insides. my thoughts race through my mind at a million miles per hour, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the crushing weight of anxiety that threatens to consume me from the inside out. the world around me fades away as my mind spirals out of control
inner monologue i can't breathe, the weight of my world is crushing me, a heavy pressure bearing down on my chest. my heart races in my chest, every beat a reminder of the impending danger. i need to focus, i need to calm down, but my thoughts won't be still. my mind is a hurricane of fear, anxiety, and doubt, whipping through my consciousness, tearing away at the fragile walls of my peace. what if i'm not good enough? what if i make the wrong decision? what if i let everyone down? the what ifs pile up, each one heavier than the last, threatening to eng
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlpool of anxious thoughts, drowning out any semblance of peace or calm. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and worry, my breaths shallow and uneven, as i try to navigate the storm of emotions within me. anxiety clutches at my heart, each beat a reminder of the constant, overwhelming uncertainty that lingers just beyond my reach. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, the relentless ticking of the clock echoing in my mind, as i struggle to find solace amidst the chaos of my anxious mind. my heart races, my
anxiety gnawed at my every thought as i sat on the edge of the bed, the familiar weight of my blanket tangled around my feet like a net. my heart raced, pounding against my ribs as if trying to break free, my palms moist and slick with sweat. breathe in, breathe out, i chided myself, but the thought barely penetrated the haze of fear. the ticking of the old clock on the wall seemed to grow louder, mocking me, urging me on. what if this was it? what if this was the final moment before everything came crashing down? my thoughts careened wildly, a carousel
inner dialogue of an anxious person oh my god, i can t breathe. my heart is pounding, i can t focus. what if i m having a heart attack? but i don t have the classic symptoms, like chest pain or sweating. and i m too young for this. but the internet said there could be other signs, like shortness of breath and rapid heartbeat. and what about the butterflies in my stomach? that s a thing, right? but maybe it s just anxiety. i can t stop thinking about work, and i know i shouldn t be worrying about that right now. but my mind won t let me focus on anything
every minute of every day, my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me exhausted and unable to focus on the present moment.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, robbing me of peace and calm, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'i'm constantly on edge, my thoughts a chaotic storm, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.' 'anxiety's grip on me is unrelenting, every moment a struggle to quiet the storm in my mind, leaving me feeling lost and alone.' 'fear and worry are a constant companion, my mind a battleground of
heart racing, breaths shallow, muscles tensed, eyes darting back and forth what if i can't do it? what if i fail? i've spent weeks preparing for this moment, yet i'm already faltering. why can't i focus? my mind keeps drifting, my heart racing like a wild stallion. i'm supposed to be in control, but control seems like an elusive illusion. this project is the make or break moment for my career, for my reputation, for my credibility. the weight of expectations, both mine and others, bears down on my shoulders like a sledgehammer. my palms are sweating, my
title buried beneath thought i can't breathe. my heart beats so wildly in my chest, drowning my lungs, filling them with fear instead of air. i'm trapped beneath a landslide of what ifs, should haves, and can'ts. walls of uncertainty tower above me. tentacles of doubt grip at my soul, pulling me beneath the weight of my own thoughts. every fiber of my being is on edge, waiting for the next catastrophic event. but even as the darkness closes in, i struggle on, clinging to hope that the sun will rise again, and maybe, just maybe, the mountain of fears and
inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest, quickening with each passing moment. i can barely draw a breath without it catching in my throat. the weight of the world seems to press down upon me, each breath a struggle to draw in and each beat of my heart a deafening drum. why now? why does it always happen when i least expect it? the stress, the fear, the anxiety they bubble up within me like a tidal wave, drowning out all reason and logic. my mind whirls in a storm of thoughts, all jumbled and incoherent. i can't focus, i can't think, i can't breathe.
my mind is a constant storm of worry and fear, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to make even the simplest decisions. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to escape the crushing weight of my own mind. fear grips me with an iron fist, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. my heart races and my mind races faster, as i struggle to find a way to calm the storm inside me. every day feels like a battle against my anxiety, with no end in sight. anxiety leaves
they can't breathe normally. they see or imagine something dark lurking around a corner or under the bed. inner monologue breath in... breath out. the rhythm of my life, or so it seems, but today it's elusive. my chest constricts with each shallow inhalation, my breaths no longer natural, but labored. a chilling darkness cloaks the corners of my mind, as the world outside my window grows hazy, unreal. my limbs quiver uncontrollably, a prelude to something much more pronounced and debilitating. fear. a dark, insidious entity, weaving itself into the very
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' here's another example 'anxiety clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe, as i replay every potential misstep in my mind.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'my thoughts race faster than a speeding train, and i'm trapped in the station, unable to board and move on.' 'anxiety grips my stomach, twisting it into knots, as i fear the worst case scenario
i'm consumed by a constant storm of worry and fear, each thought spiraling into a deeper abyss of uncertainty and doubt. my mind is a tangled web of racing thoughts, and i can't seem to find a way out, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. every breath feels like a struggle, my heart pounds in my chest, and i'm gripped by a suffocating fear that i can't escape. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling vulnerable, helpless, and unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. my thoughts are a relentless river, flooding my mind with
inner voice iv heart racing, palms sweaty, mind in turmoil. what's wrong with me? i've got this presentation tomorrow and i can't concentrate. i can't focus on my slides, can't remember the key points. i've rehearsed countless times, yet my thoughts keep drifting to the worst case scenario. what if i mess up? what if they laugh at me? what if they don't find it interesting? my boss expects me to nail it. i can't let them down. i've been working on this project for months. this opportunity means a lot to my career. but what if, despite all the hard work,
my mind is a storm of endless worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty.' 'i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, unable to focus or find peace, as my anxiety gnaws away at me.' 'the weight of my anxiety presses down on me like a heavy fog, obscuring my thoughts and clouding my judgement.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, making simple decisions feel insurmountable, and leaving me feeling helpless and alone.' 'my mind is a battlefield, with anxiety as my relentless enemy, and every thought a potential threat.' 'i'm drowning in
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of anxiety and self doubt. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as i struggle to find calm amidst the storm in my mind. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me powerless to control my thoughts or emotions. the future looms large and uncertain, casting a shadow over my present moments, filled with fear and doubt. my body trembles with the weight of unspoken fears, while my
inside the tiny, cluttered corner of my brain, a chaotic orchestra of thoughts swirls in a never ending waltz, as anxiety and fear coalesce and seize the reigns of control. the calm surface that i project to the world the collected and composed facade cracks with every jarring note, shattering the deceptive veneer and exposing the discord beneath. a tight, insidious churn worms its way around my guts, a nauseating reminder of the gnawing uncertainty gnawing away at the threads of my nerves. each anxious beat throbs in tandem with my heart, the fear puls
my friend's depression every time my friend got depressed, he wouldn't talk to anyone. i was able to help him when i was close, but now he lives much further away from me. his desire not to talk to anyone started to increase in him and it took longer. at first i decided to leave him alone, but that didn't quite work. i try to talk to him, but it doesn't work, he doesn't reply at all unless i insist on my messages, and when i insist he gives a very short answer. i don't know what to do can someone help me please. i'm starting to worry too much about him.
i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can't even lift it. every decision feels like a thousand pound boulder, every interaction a minefield. i can't keep up with the expectations, the pressure is unbearable. i wish i could just disappear, or hide away somewhere safe and never come out again. but i know i can't. i have to keep going, to face the day and try to make it through. but how? i don't have the answers, i don't have the strength. all i can do is take it one step at a time, one moment at a time. and hope that somehow, i
my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety clutches my chest, making it difficult to focus on anything but the pounding in my ears and the constant churning in my stomach. fear grips me like a vice, paralyzing me with uncertainty and leaving me unable to make decisions or take action. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, unable to escape the negative thoughts that consume me. my heart races and my mind races, and i can't seem to find a way to calm down or quiet the storm inside me
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest of tasks. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of intrusive thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by anxiety. i feel as if i'm constantly on edge, my nerves taut and raw, waiting for the next wave of panic to hit me and leave me gasping for air. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, twisting them into knots and leaving me feeling disconnected from reality, unsure of what's real and what's just a product of my
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the storm inside me. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. every breath i take feels labored, and my thoughts race at a million miles an hour, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the fear and uncertainty. i'm constantly on edge, my nerves taut as a bowstring, waiting for the next trigger to set off a wave of panic and dread. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a
my mind is a storm of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to find peace or calmness within myself. every breath i take feels heavy, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, and my thoughts race faster than my heartbeat. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless against its relentless tide. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape the swirling chaos that threatens to consume me from the inside out. i
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. anxiety clutches my thoughts, holding me hostage with intrusive thoughts and a relentless need for control. i m trapped in a cycle of constant worry, my mind a chaotic storm of what ifs and worst case scenarios. fear grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by uncertainty. anxiety s icy grip tightens around my heart, chilling me to the bone and leaving me feeling isolated and alone.
i'll give you an example i made a small mistake at work today, and my boss did not mention it. i'm certain that she is angry with me, and she is planning to fire me at any moment. this is an example of an anxious thought because it's characterized by excess and disproportionate worry, lack of evidence or reason, and an exaggerated belief in potential negative consequences. despite the absence of concrete evidence, the person jumps to the conclusion that they're about to be fired. this demonstrates the unrealistic and fearful nature of anxious thoughts.
my mind is a relentless whirlpool of worry, and i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and fear. every breath i take feels labored and shallow, as if the weight of my anxiety is physically crushing me from the inside out. my thoughts race uncontrollably, like a runaway train, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to find a way to calm my racing mind. anxiety clutches at my heart, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly on the edge of a precipice, waiting for the next panic attack to strike. my body is a tense, coiled spring, ready to snap at the
my mind is a whirlwind of worrying thoughts, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness in the storm. every breath i take feels like an effort, as if my anxiety is a heavy weight on my chest, suffocating me from within. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by fear. the world around me fades away, replaced by a relentless inner turmoil that leaves me feeling trapped and alone. the constant chatter of my thoughts leaves me feeling disconnected from reality, as if i'm observing my own life from a distance. my heart
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my thoughts are racing, and i can't seem to shake this feeling of dread. i'm constantly on edge, fearing the judgment of others, and i can't help but overthink every little detail. it's like my mind is on overdrive, and i can't seem to turn it off. i need some peace and calm, but it feels like it's slipping away from me.
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. the weight of my anxieties presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, making it difficult to breathe, let alone function normally. my thoughts race faster than usain bolt, leaving me in a state of constant unease, as if i'm perpetually on the edge of a precipice, waiting for the next disaster to strike. anxiety claws at my insides like a wild animal, leaving me feeling raw, exposed, and unable to escape its relentless grip.
weird fullness in ears hello i think this is related to my stress anxiety because lately it s been kinda worse but i have this weird fullness in my ears, i started freaking out a little earlier and then noticed my ears starting to feel like this, mostly just one but now it s in two and they are sensitive to sound like, idk how to explain it it s really uncomfortable and it s making me freak out even more i don t know what it is or if anyone else is experiencing it, if someone else is experiencing it please reply to this because i hope it s not just me.
inner monologue why is time moving so slowly right now? every second is a heavy, anxious weight on my chest, an unending, unbearable wait. each tick of the clock marks the relentless passing of precious moments, the countdown to my own potential demise. the shadows lengthen, the light dims. a chill seeps in with the night. i cannot escape, i am trapped. a sense of panic rises, an all consuming fire within, clawing at my insides. thoughts race through my mind, a swirling mess of terror and paranoia, uncontainable and consuming. what if? why now? why me?
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries, and it's exhausting trying to keep up with them all. i can't seem to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts in my head, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. every breath i take feels heavy and labored, as if my body is carrying the weight of a thousand unspoken fears. anxiety leaves me feeling like i'm walking on a tightrope, one misstep away from losing my balance and plummeting into a pit of uncertainty. the gnawing pit in my stomach never seems to go away, a constant reminder of the fears and doubts that
inner dialogue breathe, just breathe... why am i so unable to focus on my breath right now? the weight on my chest feels heavier with every passing second. my heart is racing faster than it should, and my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last. what if i can't do this? what if i fail? i can't fail, not now, not here. but what if i already have? my palms are slick with sweat, and my thoughts are an endless cycle of worst case scenarios. i can't seem to break free, to quiet the storm inside my head. what if they find out?
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fear. anxiety grips me, stealing my peace and filling me with a constant sense of unease, as if i'm always on the brink of disaster. fear clutches at my heart, tightening its hold with every passing moment, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped within its grasp. my thoughts race uncontrollably, each one building on the last, creating a tidal wave of anxiety that threatens to consume me. anxiety leaves me feeling like a leaf on the wind, at the mercy
random thoughts im not asking for medical diagnosis i just dont know where to ask, help! hello everyone, i want to ask about something, sometimes i will be just living life doing normal things and all of the sudden i get a bad thought, for example getting hit by a car or something, and i imagine myself the way i am at the moment, bit then i quickly i try to modify the thought like switching the colour of my jacket, by doing that the thought that i had wasn't real because i don't have that coloured jacket and thus no bad thing will happen. what is that?
every minute feels like an hour, and i'm stuck in my own mind, unable to escape the endless cycle of worry and fear. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making it hard to breathe, and i can't seem to find a way to escape this suffocating cycle. anxiety clutches at my heart, making it hard to focus on anything other than the fear that grips me. my mind races with worst case scenarios, and i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty
every minute feels like an hour, my mind swirls with worst case scenarios, and i'm powerless to quiet the relentless storm inside me. the weight of uncertainty hangs heavy on my shoulders, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to find peace in the present moment. anxiety grips my thoughts, whispering doubts and fears, leaving me feeling vulnerable and uncertain, a prisoner to my own mind. fear clutches at my heart, my mind a whirlwind of worry and apprehension, every breath a struggle as i try to stay afloat amidst the turbulent sea
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, each thought amplifying the next, leaving me paralyzed with uncertainty and fear. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me trembling with fear, unsure of how to escape its clutches. my thoughts race uncontrollably, a constant storm in my mind, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the onslaught of worry and fear. fear clutches at my heart, my mind a tangled web of doubts and uncertainties, leaving me feeling helpless and alone in the face of my anxiety. my thoughts spiral out
inner monologue deep, ragged breath what if this is it? what if today is the day it all comes crashing down? i've been living on the edge for so long, but today, it feels...different. i don't know if i can handle it. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that i'm one misstep away from falling. my heart races with every passing moment, every tick of the clock bringing me closer to the inevitable. i can't focus on anything but the fear gnawing at the edges of my mind, the constant buzz of what ifs and worst
they re stuck in a crowded train during a heavy rainstorm, worried about being late for an important meeting. they re also concerned about their belongings getting wet and potentially ruined. here s how it might go heavy rain tapping on the train windows anxiously glancing at the watch, tapping fingers on the armrest. oh god, i'm late. this is not happening. the traffic, the rain, and now the train being delayed. i can't believe it. this is just...just great. looks around at the crowded train, people huddled over with umbrellas, raincoats on, heads bow
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, and my mind spirals with worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear.' 'my thoughts are a chaotic storm, and i'm lost in the midst of them, unable to focus or find peace.' 'the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling fragile and vulnerable, like a leaf caught in the wind, helpless to the forces that threaten to tear me apart.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of worries, and no matter how hard i try to t
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios in my mind. my thoughts are a relentless storm, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't shake the feeling that i'm one misstep away from disaster. the constant churning of my mind keeps me awake at night, robbing me of the peace and rest i so desperately crave. anxiety is a heavy burden that weighs on my shoulders, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmount
every breath feels labored, my mind a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'my thoughts spiral into a vortex of fear and uncertainty, each one amplifying the last, leaving me paralyzed with anxiety.' 'the world around me blurs as my thoughts race, my chest tightens, and my heart pounds, unable to escape the grip of my anxious mind.' 'anxiety gnaws at me, my thoughts a relentless storm, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.' 'my thoughts race uncontrollably, my heart beats erratically, and my
exhales deeply why is this always happening to me? pauses, heart racing i mean, what's the point of even trying if it's just going to go wrong anyway? this traffic, this rain, it's not my fault. but what if it is? what if there's some invisible failure etched into my very existence, some cosmic joke that i can't decipher? i can't even remember the last time i felt...normal. stable. peaceful. a sharp crack of lightning echoes through the car, a jarring intrusion into my thoughts. i grip the steering wheel tighter, eyes fixed on the rapidly blurring road
my mind is a constant whirlpool of worries, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety gnaws at me like a relentless dog, leaving me exhausted and uncertain.' 'fear clutches my thoughts, making it difficult to focus on anything but the worst case scenario.' 'anxiety steals my peace, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.' 'i'm a prisoner to my thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of worry and fear.' 'anxiety is a heavy weight, pressing down on me and making every day a struggle.' 'the future feels uncertain and overwhelming
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, i can't seem to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. another example every breath feels labored, my thoughts racing at a million miles an hour, i'm trapped in a cycle of anxiety and uncertainty. a third example my hands are clammy, my stomach in knots, and my mind a constant stream of intrusive thoughts. i'm powerless against the tidal wave of anxiety that engulfs me. a fourth example the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and my heart pounds in my chest as i struggle to find a way out of the
my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but my racing thoughts. my muscles tense up, and i can't seem to relax, as my mind races with fears and doubts. every day feels like a struggle, as my anxiety grips me, making even the simplest tasks seem impossible. my heart pounds in my chest, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i feel like i'm on edge, constantly on the look
remember, this should be a personal reflection of the person's inner thoughts and feelings, rather than a narrative from an external perspective. title drowning in the depths of my mind heavy, labored breaths god, i can't do this. the weight of everything is crushing me. my thoughts are swirling around in a never ending torrent, pulling me deeper and deeper into the depths of my mind. i can't keep up, i can't catch my breath. tears stinging my eyes i thought i could handle this. i thought i was strong enough to keep it all together. but now, here i am
i'm consumed by a constant stream of worries and doubts, leaving me unable to focus on the present moment and enjoy life.' 'every breath feels labored, each thought a burden, as anxiety clings to me like a heavy cloak, suffocating my peace.' 'anxiety's grip on me tightens with each passing moment, robbing me of joy and leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind.' 'fear gnaws at my insides, leaving me a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to find solace in the simplest of moments.' 'my mind races like a wild stallion, uncontrollable and untamed, leaving
they re lost in a dark forest. they have a map, but it s worn out and impossible to read in the darkness. they ve been walking for hours and are exhausted, but they can't stop because they're afraid of the unknown sounds in the forest around them. inner monologue deep, rapid breaths i can't do this. i can't keep going. my legs are shaking, my heart is pounding. i've been walking for hours and i'm still lost. the map, my precious guide, has become a worthless piece of paper. the ink has worn off and i can't make out the details in this darkness. i need
thought my heart races and my mind spirals as i try to focus on this task, but every mistake, every misplaced comma, every missed detail, threatens to consume me. the world around me is a blur, and i can't shake the feeling that i'm failing, that i'm not good enough. the weight of expectations presses down on me, making it difficult to breathe. i can't keep going like this, but i don't know how to make it stop. the cycle of worry and self doubt feels endless, and i'm drowning in it. i need a break, a reprieve, a chance to catch my breath and regain my
every muscle in my body tightens as i try to hold on to the threads of my thoughts, fearing the chaos that might unravel if i let go. i'm trapped in my mind, a prisoner to my own insecurities and doubts, each moment a battle against the tide of anxiety that threatens to consume me. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, each one more terrifying than the last, and i can't seem to find a way to stop the madness. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and every worry, every fear, every insecurity threatens to crush me beneath it.
1 the clock on the wall creeps by, each tick a jolt through my consciousness, my heart a metronome pulsing the passing of time. seconds turn to minutes, minutes to hours. every minute lost is another chance wasted, another opportunity for something horrific to happen, an explosion of chaos unleashed upon the world like a storm in a glass of water. the storm rages inside of me. 2 every nerve ending in my body thrums with energy as i search for the root cause of this dread gnawing away at the insides of my mind. anxiety, it's come back to haunt me. it's
my mind is a storm of fears and doubts, keeping me awake at night, and leaving me exhausted during the day. anxiety leaves me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus or find peace, no matter where i am or what i'm doing. i'm constantly on edge, with my muscles tensed and my mind racing, wondering if i'm good enough, or if i'll make a mistake. the weight of worry and uncertainty is a heavy burden on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe and even harder to relax. my heart pounds in my chest, and my palms sweat, as i try to keep my fears at
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't seem to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts in my mind. my thoughts are a never ending loop, and i feel trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape. my heart races and my palms sweat, as i struggle to find a way to calm the relentless tide of anxiety within me. anxiety gnaws at me, a constant companion that leaves me feeling powerless and consumed by my own thoughts. the weight of worry bears down on me, a heavy burden that threatens to crush my spirit and leave me feeling drained and defeated.
my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to quiet the relentless chatter in my head. anxiety clutches my heart, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling like i'm on the edge of a precipice, unable to catch my breath. anxiety gnaws at me, a constant companion that leaves me feeling drained and overwhelmed, unable to find solace in the present moment.
deep, rapid breaths. sweat trickles down my forehead, pooling at the edge of my temples. my heart pounds in my chest, as if trying to burst free and escape. the world around me is a blur, a surreal tapestry of fear and uncertainty. i am unable to focus, my mind a swirling vortex of panic. time feels suspended, yet relentless, as each second ticks away like a chorus of cymbals. i am aware of every pounding heartbeat, every shallow breath. my thoughts race, an unending stream of worst case scenarios. i try to hold on, to anchor myself, but my grip slips
the person might be a trying to balance a full time job and caring for young children. she feels like she's failing at both and that she's not giving her all to either one. she's exhausted and feeling constantly guilty for not being present enough with her kids or not giving her job her full attention. thought i can't keep up. i'm failing at being a mom and failing at my job. i'm always tired and i feel guilty no matter what i'm doing. i wish i could just clone myself to be in two places at once, but even then, i wouldn't be able to give 100 to either
every moment is a test, and i'm constantly questioning if i've made the right decisions, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. alternatively my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and no matter how hard i try to quiet the storm, it only seems to grow louder and more intense. or i'm held captive by my thoughts, each one a tiny bomb that threatens to explode and consume me whole, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. or my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million what ifs, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the grip
inner voice sighs deeply god, i can't believe this is happening again. the deadline is looming, and i've barely scratched the surface of this project. my heart races, and my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts and ideas, yet i'm unable to focus on any one thing. how am i going to finish this on time? fearful thoughts maybe i should skip lunch and work through the day instead. but what if that just causes me to make more mistakes? i need energy to get this done, not to be bogged down by a sugar crash. no, that's not it. maybe i should try and work on it at
the thoughts and worries are flowing like an unstoppable stream of consciousness. deep, labored breath god, i can't do this. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, and i'm drowning in my own thoughts. my heart is pounding like a jackhammer, and my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and fear. i can't focus on anything, and every little thing seems to be magnified a thousand times. my to do list is a mountain, and i'm just a tiny ant, struggling to climb it. pause, as the person tries to steady their breathing i need to calm down, to think. but how
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios.' 'the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, stealing my energy and leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.' 'fear grips me, twisting my thoughts into a tangled web that i can't seem to escape, no matter how hard i try.' 'anxiety's grip tightens around me, leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind and unable to break free from its grasp.'
monique paced the small, cluttered kitchen, the worn floorboards creaking beneath her heels. she couldn't stop the thoughts swirling in her mind. she clutched the worn wooden countertop, her knuckles white with tension. the phone rang again, and her heart rate spiked. she took a deep, shuddering breath, her chest heaving. i can't do this anymore, she whispered to herself, her voice barely audible over the sound of the storm raging outside. she felt a cold, clammy sweat breaking out on her brow. the rent's due tomorrow, and i don't have enough. i can't
every moment is a battlefield in my mind, as i grapple with intrusive thoughts and the relentless fear that i'm not good enough. alternative my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, where every thought is amplified and every decision feels like a mountain to climb. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to break free from the cycle of worry and self doubt that consumes me. anxiety clutches at me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling powerless and trapped. the weight of my anxiety bears down on me, making
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the present. every breath feels labored, and my thoughts race faster than my heart, trapping me in a cycle of fear and uncertainty. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and alone. anxiety claws at me from within, robbing me of peace and leaving me trembling with fear and doubt. the weight of my thoughts presses down on me, heavy and unyielding, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated. fear
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything else. i'm constantly on edge, every noise startling me, and my thoughts spiral into a dark abyss of what ifs and worst case scenarios. anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own mind. my thoughts race like a runaway train, and i can't seem to catch my breath, let alone gain control over my racing thoughts. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a blur of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.
anyone else feel like online forums make rare conditions seem a lot more common than they actually are? i'm not going to explain my age or my possible illness because i don't want someone jumping down my throat about what tests i need to get when i'm being as persistent as possible. my appointment is a few weeks away and i'm just trying to be as patient as i can. i look up on forums about people younger than a certain age getting a certain disease and it always feels like it's more common than statistics would say it is. anyone know why that would be?
every thought that enters my mind is magnified, and i'm unable to quiet the storm of worries swirling in my head. my mind is a tangled web of anxious thoughts, each one more overwhelming than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. the constant churning of my thoughts is a relentless cycle, and i fear that i'll never be able to break free from the grip of my anxiety. i'm drowning in a sea of what ifs and worst case scenarios, and it feels like there's no escape from the crushing weight of my anxiety. anxiety is a relentless storm inside my
keep in mind that it should come across as both honest and relatable while also showcasing the disconcerting nature of anxiety. anxiety gnaws at me, a relentless, insidious beast that burrows deep into my psyche. each heartbeat sends tendrils of fear wrapping around my thoughts, constricting my reason. i am unable to focus, the simplest tasks becoming insurmountable mountains, looming over me, mocking my ineptitude. i can't do this, i whisper to myself. my chest heaves as i struggle to inhale, my mind filled with choking panic. why am i here? why can
every breath feels labored, as if my mind is a relentless storm, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to break free from the loop of fear and doubt that clouds my every decision. anxiety claws at me, whispering lies that my worth is defined by my mistakes, leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my mind races like a runaway train, and i can't seem to find a way to slow it down or escape the tormenting thoughts that consume me. the weight of my worries presses down on me like an unbearable burden, leaving
inner dialogue why now? after everything i ve been through, why does it have to be like this? my heart races, my mind races, my palms are sweaty. i thought i had left all of this behind. but here it is, creeping back into my life like a malignant shadow. fear clutches at my insides, making my stomach churn and twist in a vise like grip. it s consuming me, clouding my thoughts, infecting my every move. how can i focus on anything else when all i can think about is the looming specter of uncertainty and doubt? my mind races a thousand miles an hour, ch
inner monologue why does it always have to be like this? why can't things just be normal for once? the clock seems to be stuck, each second ticking by slower than the last. my heart races, pounding in my chest, my mind a whirlwind of thoughts and fears. i try to focus, to calm myself, but the more i think, the more my thoughts spiral out of control. what if i'm not good enough? what if i've made a mistake, a terrible mistake? my mind reels with the possibilities, each one more terrifying than the last. i clench my fists, knuckles white, as my stomach
inner monologue why is this happening to me? why now? i've been managing okay, holding things together, but now this... this feeling of being overwhelmed, of drowning in a sea of worries and fears. my heart races, my mind races, i can barely focus on anything. what if i can't handle it? what if i break? i thought i was strong, that i could handle whatever came my way, but this... this is too much. i can't breathe, i can't think, i can't function. i'm a mess, a broken record of anxiety and fear. why me? why now? i thought i had left all of this behind
my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, filled with endless worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my joy and leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by worry. fear clutches my heart, and my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to break free from the cycle of anxious thoughts. i'm held hostage by my racing thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the storm inside me. anxiety robs me of my peace, filling my
intestinal worries since the middle of january, i ve been having the following symptoms bloating, feeling of fullness and pain in rectum, lower back pain, thin stools sometimes , white blobs of mucus with stool, feeling like i haven t evacuated completely. i am making myself sick worrying about this, anyone have any input? i m a 30, female, obese. i ve always had health anxiety and i ve googled the symptoms i know, big mistake and the fear of it being the c word is unbearable. i have a dr appt scheduled and had a ct scan last june which came back ok.
i'll try to write this in the 1st person my heart races, my mind spirals. i'm so overwhelmed, i can barely breathe. i can't focus on anything, my thoughts are a jumbled mess. the future looms large and menacing. i feel trapped in my own mind, unable to escape the whirlwind of anxious thoughts. every mistake, every uncertainty, every unknown, they all weigh on me, pressing me down, suffocating me. i can't take it anymore, the anxiety consumes me, swallowing me whole. how can i keep going like this? i don't want to live in fear, but i don't know how to
write about the specific experience, as well as what helps them manage their anxiety, or what makes their anxiety even worse. feeling ants in my pants and a racing heart, i struggle to focus on the mundane tasks before me. the uncertainty of the future weighs heavy on my shoulders. the thought of being in a public place, surrounded by judgemental stares, brings me to my knees. yet, in these moments of despair, i find solace in the calming rhythm of my breath, the gentle embrace of a support group, and the knowledge that every imperfect moment passes.
what emotions are they feeling, and how do they manifest internally? inner dialogue deep breath i can't do this. the deadlines are closing in, and i still have so much to do. the emails piling up in my inbox, the endless to do list, it's all becoming unbearable. i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities. a wave of anxiety washes over me how can i finish everything on time? i can't. i just can't. my heart starts racing as the fear sets in. my thoughts become clouded, and my mind races a million miles an hour, going over every single uncompleted
my mind is a storm of endless worries and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. or, anxiety's grip on me is tight, its relentless whispers of fear and inadequacy clouding my judgment and paralyzing my actions. my thoughts race like a freight train, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety claws at my insides, stealing my peace and leaving me a nervous wreck. fear's icy grip threatens to freeze me in place, while my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless
my mind is a storm of worrying thoughts, and i can't seem to find a way to quiet the constant chatter and fear. here are a few more options 1. my breaths are shallow and rapid, as i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is about to happen. 2. every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and i'm paralyzed by the fear of making the wrong choice. 3. i'm caught in a loop of negative thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of worry and doubt. 4. my anxiety feels like a heavy weight on my chest, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything else.
inner monologue i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't handle it anymore. the relentless grinding of expectations and deadlines leave me drained, my thoughts a whirlpool of uncertainty and self doubt. my heart races, and my mind spins a thousand scenarios, each more disastrous than the last. i pace the floor, heart hammering in my chest, staring into the abyss of failure. my palms sweat, my breaths shallow, and every muscle tense. i feel frozen, rooted in this very moment, a spectator to my own impending doom. why is
also, provide an alternative thought they can replace it with to help reduce their anxiety. anxious thought what if i don't perform well in this presentation and everyone in the meeting laughs at me or thinks i'm stupid? alternative thought i've prepared thoroughly for this presentation, and it's okay if i make mistakes or if not everyone agrees with me. i'll learn from any constructive feedback and continue to improve my skills. people are likely to be more focused on their own concerns than mine, and most of them will be supportive and encouraging.
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. or, every breath feels labored as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. my thoughts race like a never ending train, and i'm trapped in the station, unable to move forward. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. fear gnaws at me, consuming my thoughts and leaving me a shell of myself, unable to focus on anything but the next worst case scenario. my heart pounds
my mom triggers my anxiety when driving i m practicing driving from my road test coming up soon. when i m driving in the car with my mom, she makes me feel nervous and anxious. every time i make mistake, she makes this mad face and cross her arms. it make my heart rush. when i get very nervous and anxious, i can throw up or have a seizure. i told my my mom that she triggers my anxiety. she was mad and started yelling at me because she was one of triggers to my anxiety. for now i m practicing with my new driving teacher. the teacher is relax and cool.
every heartbeat feels too loud, every breath too labored. i can't escape the cycling thoughts in my head, questioning, doubt, fear. i'm drowning in my own mind, incapable of finding the anchor that will bring me back to calm. the world keeps spinning, demands relentless, yet i'm paralyzed, rooted in place, unable to move forward. it's like i'm watching myself from a distance, a spectator in this endless race of life, wanting to join, wanting to run, but the fear is too strong. it's all consuming, a tangled web of worries, and i can't find my way out.
inner voice whispers, rapidly oh no, the clock is ticking, the clock is ticking... time's running out. the deadlines approaching, the deadlines approaching. how can this be happening? i was so prepared, i was so on track, but now it's slipping away, and i'm helpless. why did i underestimate the task? why did i assume it would be simpler than it turned out? i can feel the pressure mounting, crushing me beneath its weight. i've got to do something, but i can't think, can't focus, can't formulate a rational thought. panic is starting to set in, and with
heart feels like it's beating too hard hello. i've been sick for the past week or so i think it's the flu , and i'm on the tail end of it. just earlier today i started having some discomfort in my chest and so i've been trying to avoid using those muscles too much. i just woke up 10 minutes ago, and my heart was beating 80 times per minute, and way harder than normal. it's now 20 minutes since i woke up, and it's going back down closer to normal. this has happened to me only a few times in the past year, and i'm worried it might be something serious.
inner monologue i can't believe this is happening again. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat seeming to echo the frantic rhythm of my racing thoughts. the knot in my stomach tightens as i scan the room, taking in the familiar sights and sounds of another disaster. i can't process it all the clamor of voices, the desperate cries for help, the acrid smell of smoke. i wish i could simply tune it all out, to insulate myself from the chaos, but my mind refuses to let me escape. calm down, i whisper to myself, trying to quell the frenzy inside me. breat
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to quiet the storm within.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, every breath shallow and labored, as my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last.' 'i'm held captive by the relentless chatter of my mind, unable to escape the tangled web of fears and doubts that threaten to consume me.' 'my nerves are frayed, my thoughts a jumbled mess, and every day feels like a battle just to keep my anxiety at bay.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty, my
i've had an anxiety free week and a half and then... i started catastrophising about having a brain tumor. all during the holidays i've had a constant fear of having a blood clot, and then that fear went away for a few days and i've felt great. and now i'm having daily headaches on the same spot and i'm so scared i have a brain tumor. i just got blood work done just normal stuff so i'm hoping that if i had something it would show up in that..... anyone else have any advice in dealing with thinking i have a brain tumor and how to talk myself out of it
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even simple decisions feel insurmountable.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, my thoughts racing ahead like a runaway train.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, making me feel powerless against the storm of negative thoughts in my head.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last until i'm consumed by a wave of fear and doubt.' 'the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but the relentless chatter in my mind.' 'fear g
my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and every breath feels like a struggle i'm drowning in my own thoughts. i'm stuck in a vicious cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to focus on anything but the anxiety gnawing at me from the inside. anxiety's grip is tightening around me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, each one building on the last until i'm consumed by a sea of worry and doubt. the weight of anxiety bears down on me
inner voice iv why am i feeling so overwhelmed? this project deadline is just another monday for everyone else, but for me, it's a mountain to climb. stress frantic whisper i can't do this. i don't have enough time or resources. the ideas aren't coming. i can't disappoint them. i need to be perfect. fear looming in the background but what if i'm not good enough? what if this opportunity is taken away from me because i fail? how will i face my colleagues or even myself? iv take a deep breath. remember, everyone has moments like this. imperfections don
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, i can't seem to find peace or escape the grip of my anxiety. anxiety claws at me, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. fear gnaws away at me, making even the simplest decisions feel like a mountain to climb. anxiety clouds my judgment, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain in the face of everyday challenges. i'm drowning in a sea of worry and fear, struggling to keep my head above the relentless waves of anxiety. my thoughts race like a never
they're alone in a dark, cold, damp basement, and they're not sure why they're there or how they ended up there. they're starting to feel a sense of panic as they realize they're not only trapped, but they're also injured and can't move very well. in the depths of my being, a primal scream tries to escape, drowned by the deafening silence that engulfs me. the darkness is my blanket, a shroud of oppression that clings to me, choking my every sense. my heart pounds in my chest, each thump a thunderous echo in this desolate, damp abyss. my breath, a lab
inner monologue breath in, deep. breathe out, slower. that s it. keep going. the world outside is spinning, growing ever more chaotic by the minute. an unending storm of demands, deadlines, and expectations raging at every corner. but i can t lose control, i refuse to let it consume me. my thoughts are jumbled, frantic, a whirlwind of worries. my heart races, fear threatening to drown the rational part of me that knows this is temporary. it will pass, this tidal wave of stress, just like the others before. breathe in, deep. breathe out, deeper. there
inner monologue why is it so hard to just breathe? my heart races, my mind a whirlwind of thoughts, my body trembling. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, an unbearable burden that threatens to crush me. i try to focus, to center myself, but my thoughts scatter like leaves in the wind. my thoughts spin in endless circles, a merry go round of fear, worry, and doubt. i am lost in the depths of my own mind, unable to escape the churning torrent of anxiety that engulfs me. why can't i just be normal? why can't i handle things like other people
inner monologue deep, labored breath oh, god, why am i feeling so anxious? it's just a simple errand, i've done it a hundred times before. but today, today it feels like the weight of the world is on my shoulders. my heart is pounding, my palms are sweaty, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the thought of having to leave this safe haven and face the outside world. gulps down another deep breath what if i mess up? what if i embarrass myself or worse, what if i cause some sort of scene? the thoughts are spiraling out of control, and i can't seem
i've had an anxiety free week and a half and then... i started catastrophising about having a brain tumor. all during the holidays i've had a constant fear of having a blood clot, and then that fear went away for a few days and i've felt great. and now i'm having daily headaches on the same spot and i'm so scared i have a brain tumor. i just got blood work done just normal stuff so i'm hoping that if i had something it would show up in that..... anyone else have any advice in dealing with thinking i have a brain tumor and how to talk myself out of it
an anxious thought a person might have is i'm not good enough. i've made a mistake and my colleagues will find out. they'll all think less of me and i'll lose my job. i won't be able to pay my bills or support my family. i'll be a failure and a burden to everyone around me. this thought can snowball, leading to an increased heart rate, sweating, and other physical symptoms of anxiety. it's important to recognize these thoughts as irrational and unhelpful, and to take steps to calm the mind and shift the focus to more productive and positive thoughts.
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't seem to find peace in my own thoughts.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, and the slightest trigger can send me spiraling.' 'anxiety clutches at my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by doubt.' 'my mind is a constant storm, and i'm struggling to find shelter from its relentless waves.' 'the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest decisions feel like a mountain to climb.
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe lately. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that something terrible is about to happen. every little noise or movement sets off an alarm in my head. it's exhausting trying to keep up with my own mind. i just wish i could press pause and catch a break from the constant anxiety.
every thought that enters my mind feels heavy with consequences, and the fear of making the wrong decision leaves me paralyzed with anxiety. alternatively, my mind is a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or clarity. i'm constantly on edge, my nerves taut as a wire, and i can't escape the gnawing feeling that something terrible is just waiting to happen. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, and i can't help but feel like i'm teetering on the edge of a precipice, with no control over when or if i'll fall.
deep breath i can't do this. the pressure is mounting, and i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. the deadlines loom ever closer, and i'm no nearer to completing the project. the thoughts race through my head, a tangled web of worries and fears. why can't i get a handle on this? i've always managed to keep things under control before, but now it feels like i'm losing control, spiraling downwards, and there's no escape. my heart pounds in my chest, the beat thundering through me like a freight train. am i good enough? can i handle this
heart beats wildly in chest, palms clammy, shallow breaths. my stomach is knotted, muscles tense. my mind rages, a chaotic, stormy tempest. the alarm blares obnoxiously, my senses hyper awake. each tick of the clock a mocking reminder of the looming threat. i cannot escape it. the day stretches before me, full of expectations and obligations. so many tasks, so little time. how can i do it all? the enormity of it all threatens to swallow me whole. the pressure builds within me, a dark, ominous cloud that seems to have taken residence in the pit of my
inner voice iv i can't do this, i just can't. my heart is racing, and my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety. what if i fail? what if i disappoint everyone who believes in me? i can't let them down. i've worked so hard, but what if it's not enough? i thought i was prepared, but now, in this moment, it all feels so overwhelming. the weight of expectations is too heavy. i can feel it pressing down on me, suffocating me. i need a break, a moment to breathe, but there's no time. the deadline is approaching, and the world seems to be moving at double time. my
every breath feels heavy and uncertain, as if my mind is a runaway train, relentlessly churning through worst case scenarios. or, my thoughts are a whirlwind of chaos, and i'm helplessly caught in its grip, unable to escape the suffocating fear that grips me at every turn. or, anxiety claws at me from the inside out, leaving me feeling fragile and exposed, as if a single gust of wind could shatter me into pieces. or, my mind is a stormy sea, tossing and turning with relentless waves of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling adrift and alone in the
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, constantly replaying past mistakes and imagining worst case scenarios. i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and helpless. my anxiety clutches at my heart, a relentless storm of emotions that leaves me feeling both paralyzed and hyper aware. anxiety grips me like a vice, its icy tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me frozen in fear and self doubt. my mind is a jumbled mess, a chaotic symphony of worry and fear that leaves
every nerve in my body is on edge, and i can't seem to quiet the storm of thoughts raging in my mind. here are some more examples 1. my mind is a jumbled mess, and every worry and fear is amplified, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. 2. my breaths come in short, uneven gasps as my mind spirals out of control, unable to focus on anything but the next worst case scenario. 3. i'm constantly on high alert, my body tensed and my mind racing with anxious thoughts, leaving me feeling like i'm on the edge of a precipice, unable to relax or find peace.
i coughed too hard and strained my forehead and face, anxious about getting an aneurysm? i m sick with a cold for the past 2 days, with a sore throat, clogged up nose, and a continuous cough. a few minutes ago, i had phlegm stuck in my throat gross i know , so i tried to get it out by coughing it up, i kept coughing until i coughed too hard, and i could feel my whole face and head strain from it. i stopped and i still feel pressure all around. should i be concerned? is it going to damage my nerves or even give me something like a stroke or aneurysm?
anxious thoughts swirling my heart races, a thousand beats per minute, an out of control locomotive threatening to tear through the fragile walls of my chest. i m standing still, a silent sentinel in the heart of the storm. time stretches before me, an infinitely long corridor with no end in sight. how long can i hold on, i wonder? i ve never felt so trapped in my own body, my thoughts a cacophonous symphony that robs me of all rational thought. what if i m wrong? the question hangs in the air, heavy and unforgiving. i search my memory for any clue,
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of thoughts, unable to focus or find peace within myself. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as my anxiety grips me tighter with each passing moment. my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me feeling powerless against their relentless tide. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling fragile and on edge, unable to escape its grip. my body is a tense, coiled spring, ready to snap at any
they have too much to do and can't focus on any one thing. they feel like they're drowning in tasks and responsibilities. thought oh no, i can't believe i've taken on so much. there's just too much to do and i don't know where to start. i feel like i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities. i can't seem to focus on any one thing long enough to make progress. i wish i could just pause time for a moment and catch my breath. but the clock keeps ticking and the list of things to do only grows longer. i'm so overwhelmed and i don't know how i'm going to
my mind is a constant whirlwind of fears and doubts, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to escape the grip of anxiety that holds me captive. fear claws at my chest, leaving me feeling powerless against its relentless onslaught. every breath i take is a struggle, as my anxiety threatens to consume me from the inside out. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in a maze of worry and fear. anxiety's tight grip leaves me feeling unable to focus, as my mind races
the feeling of anxiety creeps up, like a thick fog that makes everything harder. my heart races and my breaths come in short, sharp gasps. my thoughts spiral out of control, my mind a whirlwind of what ifs and could haves and should haves. my body trembles, shaking with the weight of fear that grips me, my hands clenched in tight fists. the world around me fades away as i'm consumed by the intense, all consuming grip of anxiety. it's as if i'm trapped in a vicious cycle, unable to break free. the fear grips me tighter, telling me i'm not good enough
inner voice i can't believe this is happening. another late night at the office and i still have so much to do. the emails keep piling up and the deadlines are getting closer. the fear creeps in, gripping my heart with its cold, unyielding tendrils. i'm not good enough, i can't do this, i tell myself, my thoughts a chaotic storm in my head. the thoughts escalate what if i'm making mistakes? what if i fail? what will people think of me? the fears swirl together, becoming a malignant monster feeding off my anxiety. why am i feeling like this? i know i
hiv anxiety about 3 weeks ago, i was the insertive partner in unprotected anal sex with another guy. he claimed to be hiv and sent me test results from november proving so. however, i'm still nervous. about 3 days after the encounter, i developed something akin to strep throat this went away after 10 days, possibly thanks to amoxicillin. today, i took an in home hiv test that came back negative, but apparently these are not guaranteed to be accurate until 3 months after the event. i'm incredibly worried that i have hiv after one mistake. please help
my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of thoughts, and i fear the smallest decision might lead to catastrophic consequences.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of worry, each breath bringing a new wave of anxiety, and every moment feels like a never ending crisis.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest tasks.' 'fear gnaws at my insides, leaving me feeling fragile and vulnerable, as if a single gust of wind could shatter me into pieces.' 'my heart beats like a wild drum, and my mind races with fear, leaving
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape its tumultuous grasp. my thoughts race like a runaway train, and i can't seem to find a way to slow them down or derail them before they derail me entirely. i'm a prisoner to my own anxious thoughts, my mind a swirling vortex of fear and doubt that leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless. anxiety grips me like a vice, its icy tendrils wrapping around my heart and mind, leaving me feeling frozen and unable to move forward. i'm a captive audience to
my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of thoughts, and i fear the smallest decision might lead to catastrophic consequences.' 'i'm drowning in a sea of worry, each breath bringing a new wave of anxiety, and every moment feels like a never ending crisis.' 'anxiety clutches my thoughts like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on the simplest tasks.' 'fear gnaws at my insides, leaving me feeling fragile and vulnerable, as if a single gust of wind could shatter me into pieces.' 'my heart beats like a wild drum, and my mind races with fear, leaving
my mind is a chaotic storm, each thought a lightning bolt threatening to consume me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus. anxiety clutches at my chest, its icy fingers tightening with every breath, as fear creeps in and steals my peace. my thoughts swirl like a tempest in my head, leaving me feeling lost at sea, unable to anchor myself in the present moment. the weight of anxiety presses down on me like a heavy burden, suffocating me and making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety's grip is like a vice, squeezing the life out of
use at least five hundred words. i'm not going to make it. i just know it. my heart beats faster, thundering against my chest. my mind races, whirling with worst case scenarios. the car is moving forward, but i'm rooted to the spot. my breaths come in short, shallow bursts, like little gasps for air that seem futile in the face of the mounting pressure. the world outside is gray and dull, a smear of rain soaked pavement stretching into the distance, but in my mind, it's a bright and vibrant chaos. every nerve is electric with worry, every synapse al
inner voice iv i can't do this, i'm not strong enough. me m but i have done it before, and i've faced challenges much harder than this. iv what if i fail? what if i can't meet the expectations? m you've faced challenges before and come out stronger, remember that. you've been successful and have the ability to handle whatever comes your way. iv i'm so scared, my heart is racing, and my mind is going a million miles an hour. m it's normal to feel scared and nervous, especially when faced with a new challenge. but remember, your emotions are temporary
every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and the weight of potential consequences crushes me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act. my mind is a constant storm of thoughts, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness amidst the chaos. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, unable to break free. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. fear grips me, and i can't seem to catch my breath or find my footing. anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by my own thoughts
inner monologue the world around me is a blur, my heart pounds in my chest, every second feels like an eternity. my mind races, a whirlwind of thoughts, fears and doubts that swirl in a chaotic chaos that threatens to consume me. my breath comes in ragged gasps, each one stolen by the relentless onslaught of anxiety that gnaws at the very core of my being. what if i fail? what if i can't do this? i'm not good enough, i'm not smart enough, i'm not strong enough. my mistakes loom large, casting long shadows that block out the sunlight and fill me with
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed with indecision and uncertainty. anxiety grips me like a vice, making simple tasks seem insurmountable, and stealing my peace of mind. i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to focus on anything else, and feeling like i'm constantly on the edge of a panic attack. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races, as i struggle to find a way to quiet the storm of anxious thoughts raging inside me. my breaths are shallow and uneven, as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling
they are lost in the wilderness and can t find their way back to civilization. they have a map but are unable to navigate using it effectively. inner monologue exasperated sigh god, i can't believe i'm in this situation. lost, alone, and with no clear direction in sight. i had a map, for goodness' sake. how did i manage to get so utterly disoriented? i followed the trail, i swear, but it seems to have petered out, leaving me here, abandoned and hopeless in this godforsaken wilderness. deep breath but wait. i'm not helpless. i have a map. i just need
possible ear infection? so my left ear is a bit red and itchy, it also feels like it s burning and it s tender to touch in certain places, especially just before the inside of the ear and behind the ear like the rounded bit on the outside. i think it might be my earphones that have caused the problem so i ve stopped using them for a couple days. i m not sure if this is something i should go to the doctor about or not. i know ear infections and stuff don t really need treated but i wasn t sure if i should just wait it out or go see a doctor about it.
heart pounding, palms sweating, breath shallow and uneven, thoughts racing oh my god, i can t breathe. is this a heart attack? no, that s ridiculous. i m just nervous. i ve got this big presentation at work tomorrow and i haven t even started preparing. i can t afford to mess this up. i need to impress my boss. he s been talking about promoting me for months. but what if i freeze? what if i make a fool of myself in front of everyone? what if i stutter over my words and can t remember anything i ve studied? my heart is racing and my mind is blank. i
i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can feel the anxiety creeping in. my heart races, my mind wanders, and all i can think about is the worst case scenario. the deadlines are looming and i'm stuck, frozen in fear. but wait, i can't let this defeat me. i've been through tough situations before and i've come out on top. i know i have the skills and knowledge to succeed, but the fear is paralyzing me. i need to take a deep breath, calm down, and focus. easier said than done. my thoughts spiral out of control, jumping from
inner monologue oh god, why am i feeling like this? i can't focus on anything. my heart is racing, and my mind is a blur. my breaths are shallow and uneven. this can't be happening to me again. i can't let this consume me. but what if i can't control it? what if it gets worse? i need to stay calm, but how? how do i calm down when my thoughts are spinning out of control? i can't escape this feeling of impending doom. what if something terrible happens? i need to be prepared. but how? i can't plan for every possible scenario. this is too much. i need
in the suffocating silence of the night, the shadows in the corner of the room flicker with menacing intent, the darkness seemingly alive with an eerie vibrancy. my heart pounds a primal drum solo in my chest as my thoughts race, a kaleidoscope of anxiety weaving through my very being. it s 3 a.m., and i can t sleep. why can t i sleep? the endless spiral of questions and fears rises to the forefront, casting doubt and trepidation in its omnipresent wake. why am i so anxious? how did i get here? what am i supposed to do? what is wrong with me? every
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making it impossible to focus on anything else. i'm stuck in a never ending cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last until i'm consumed by a wave of panic and fear. i'm trapped in a maze of my own making, unable to escape the clutches of anxiety and self doubt. fear and anxiety
inner voice deep, rapid breaths how did i get here? this isn't supposed to be happening. i've got everything under control, or so i thought. my heart races, my mind wanders, and my palms sweat. what if i fail? what if i can't do this? why can't i handle it like everyone else? i should be able to deal with this. i've dealt with worse before. but this time, it's different. this time, i'm scared. scared of making a mistake. scared of letting people down. scared of disappointing myself. my mind spins with thoughts, both positive and negative, all vying
my mind is a never ending storm of worries and fears, and i can't seem to find a calm anchor amidst the chaos. every breath feels heavy, every heartbeat echoes in my ears, and my thoughts race ahead of me like a freight train, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety clutches at my thoughts, whispering doubts and uncertainties, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my body is a ticking time bomb, ready to explode with fear and apprehension, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. the world around me fades into a blur
inner voice deep, heavy breaths what if i can't do this? what if i've bitten off more than i can chew? the deadlines are looming, and my progress is slow. i've poured so much time and energy into this project, and now i'm wondering if it's all for nothing. what will people think of me? i can't let them down, but how can i meet their expectations when i can barely meet my own? self softly, soothingly take a step back, take a deep breath. it's normal to feel overwhelmed at times, especially when faced with a challenging project. remember, progress is
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty and fear, my mind a whirlpool of anxious thoughts that i can't seem to escape. my thoughts spiral into a vortex of worry and doubt, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tidal wave of anxiety that engulfs me. my heart pounds in my chest, each beat a reminder of the fear that grips me, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that play out in my mind. anxiety claws at me, gnawing away at
inner monologue i can't breathe. my heart is pounding, threatening to burst through my chest. i can't stop it. it's racing faster and faster, fueled by fear and the weight of the world pressing down on me. i can't bear it. my thoughts are a chaotic storm of worry and anxiety, each one more disturbing than the last. what if i fail? what if i can't do it? what if i disappoint everyone who believes in me? i thought i was prepared. i studied, i practiced, i trained. but now, in this moment, my mind goes blank. my mind goes blank. my mind goes blank. my
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. the weight of my worries crushes me, as if i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, unable to break free and breathe. my mind is a battleground, and every thought is a weapon, tearing me apart, leaving me feeling fragile and broken. the constant chatter in my head keeps me up at night, leaving me exhausted and drained during the day, a prisoner to my own thoughts. i'm a captive audience to my own fears, unable to escape the never
deep, shaky breaths. heart pounding in my chest. sweat trickling down my face. my mind races as i stand frozen in the dark, stillness of my empty apartment. the ticking of the clock echoes through the silent room, amplifying the weight of every passing second. my heart aches, my mind spirals. what if...? what if i did this wrong? what if he's not who he said he was? what if he's coming back? my thoughts are muddled, incoherent, a tangled web of fear, doubt, and insecurity. every sound, every shadow, every flicker of movement sets my heart racing. i
inner monologue breathe... i need to focus on my breathing, on the steady rise and fall of my chest, the cool, crisp air entering my lungs and the warm exhalation leaving them. my heart hammers against my ribcage, a rapid, deafening drumbeat that drowns out the soft hum of my surroundings, rendering me mute and impotent before it. but no, i can't just sit here and do nothing. i need to find a way to calm this storm brewing within me before it's too late. why am i like this? i never used to be like this, always composed, collected, level headed even
they're in the midst of an earthquake and fear for their life. anxiety clawed at my insides, gnawing at every last nerve, the very fabric of my being torn asunder. the ground beneath me began to shiver, not subtly, not like the soft undulations of a sleeping giant, but a deep, relentless, groan of shifting earth. fear, cold and relentless, took root in the pit of my stomach and my heart began to race. is this it? the end? my ears filled with a distant, almost incomprehensible sound, an orchestration of earth and stone grinding and fracturing in the
monologue oh god, the timer's ticking away, my heart racing faster than the seconds hand. how am i going to get this done in time? my palms are clammy, my mind's a complete mess. i'm always so organized, i pride myself on being ahead of the game, yet here i am, on the brink of failure. why does this always happen to me? i know i should have started sooner, but i underestimated the complexity of the task. i wish i could slow down time, just for a minute, to catch my breath, to focus, to figure out a solution. but no, time keeps relentlessly marching
my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or clarity amidst the constant chatter.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster.' 'my anxiety is a relentless storm in my head, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'every thought is tinged with dread, and i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next crisis to strike.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races, as i try to keep up with the endless stream of anxious thoughts.' 'anxiety grips me
in the dim recesses of my mind, a gnawing, inescapable fear had taken root. i was ensnared in its tangled web, unable to free myself from its clutches. my heart raced, pounding in my chest like a frenzied drum, driving the rhythm of my terror. my breath came in ragged gasps, shallow and uneven, as i struggled to draw in sufficient air to fuel my body's panicked response. a storm of thoughts battered my consciousness, each one more terrifying than the last. my thoughts whirled through the labyrinth of my mind, fueled by my mounting anxiety. what if?
inner monologue heart pounding, i gaze at the dimly lit bedroom, at the alarm clock's stark numbers, a seemingly insurmountable obstacle 3 15 am. the clock seems to taunt me, the ticking echoing my own racing thoughts, my fears, my worries. another all consuming night spent grappling with a mind full of anxious thoughts, emotions that feel like an insidious, all pervasive shroud, blanketing every fiber of my being, leaving no place for respite. i take in a shaky breath. the familiar clasp of fear settles in my chest, squeezing with all the subtlety
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, making it impossible to focus on anything else. fear clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe, as i try to anticipate every possible outcome. anxiety has a grip on me, its icy tendrils wrapping around my thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped. panic gnaws at me from the inside, as i struggle to keep my emotions in check, fearing the consequences of losing control. worry is a constant companion, always lurking in the shadows, ready to pounce at the slightest provocation. my heart races,
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable. or anxiety clutches my thoughts, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. or i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and uncertainty, unable to quiet the storm of thoughts racing through my mind. or my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a blur of racing thoughts, making it hard to catch a breath or find peace. or the weight of anxiety presses down on me, making it hard to move or think clearly, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
deep, labored breath god, what's happening? why am i like this? my heart is pounding, and i can't seem to catch a break. every little thing sets me off, and i can't quiet the storm in my mind. the thoughts swirl around like a vortex, pulling me down into the abyss of fear and uncertainty. i thought i had this under control. i thought i could handle anything that came my way. but today, everything is different. the world around me is a blur, and all i can focus on is the pit in my stomach, the tightness in my chest, and the relentless churning in my
my mind is a whirlwind of unrelenting worry, leaving me unable to focus on the simplest of tasks. fear gnaws at me from the inside out, paralyzing me with uncertainty and doubt. my thoughts spiral out of control, a never ending loop of anxiety and self doubt that leaves me feeling trapped and helpless. my body trembles with fear, my mind consumed by a constant stream of intrusive thoughts and worries. anxiety clutches at me, a heavy weight that i struggle to shake off, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my heart races and my breath quickens,
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is constantly racing with fears and doubts. every small interaction seems like a potential disaster waiting to happen. i can't escape the feeling that everyone is watching me, waiting for me to slip up. it's exhausting and terrifying. i just wish i could press the pause button on life for a while.
inner voice frantic, rapid breaths why is this happening to me? i can't handle it. this is too much. i need a break. how am i going to get through the day? my heart is pounding. my thoughts are racing. i can feel the knots forming in my stomach. my muscles are tensing up. i can't focus on anything. this fear is consuming me. my mind keeps going blank whenever i try to problem solve. it's like my brain has shut down. what if i make a mistake? what if things go wrong? what if i let people down? my anxiety is escalating. i need to calm down. but how?
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is constantly racing with fears and doubts. every little thing feels like a mountain to climb. i can't escape the feeling that i'm not good enough, that i'll make a mistake, or that people are judging me. it's exhausting and overwhelming. i just wish i could find some peace and calm in this chaos.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. another example anxiety clutches my thoughts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. here are a few more examples my chest tightens with each passing moment, as my mind spirals out of control with anxious thoughts. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to escape the relentless cycle of worry and fear. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of logic and reason as anxiety takes hold. the weight
thought my heart races, my mind is a whirlwind of uncertainty, i can barely breathe, the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, and yet another question slams my consciousness. i wish i could find the strength to rise above it all, to push through the fog and find the solution. but the thought of another error or misstep feels paralyzing. i am stuck, a captive of my own worst fears and self doubt. how can i break free? i need help, guidance, a light in the darkness to find my way. i cannot bear to face another day of this torment alone.
inner monologue the clock seemed to taunt me as it inched ever so slowly past seven. i couldn't believe this was happening. again. i was a mess of jumbled nerves and racing thoughts, a churning ocean of fear and self doubt. my heart throbbed in my chest, an unwelcome drumbeat to the internal monologue that played non stop in my head. what am i doing here? this wasn't where i belonged, among these people, in this place. no, this wasn't my realm, not the land of big smiles and boisterous laughter, of high pressure goals and deadlines. but here i was
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, i can't focus on anything but the next potential disaster. anxiety claws at me, making simple tasks seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm held hostage by my thoughts, each one a fearsome monster demanding attention and control. my body trembles with fear, my mind a jumbled mess of insecurities and doubts, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that i'm not good enough, that i'll never be enough
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety claws at me, robbing me of peace, and leaving me unable to focus on anything but my racing thoughts. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as my mind spirals out of control with fear and uncertainty. fear grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward, consumed by the relentless churn of anxious thoughts. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, each one a heavy ball and chain, dragging me deeper into the aby
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of fear and self doubt, unable to quiet the relentless thoughts in my mind. my anxiety leaves me feeling like a fish out of water, struggling to breathe and navigate through everyday situations. my mind is a storm of negative thoughts, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. anxiety clutches at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless against its relentless grip. i'm drowning in a sea of worry, each wave crashing over me with the weight of the unknown. anxiety's icy grip paralyzes me, leaving me frozen
amidst the incessant ticking of the clock and the restless hum of my racing thoughts, i'm frozen in the stillness of an overwhelming anxiety. i inhale deeply, but the bitter sting of panic rises from my chest, a leaden weight that clutches my heart and smothers my reason. i want to scream, to run, to surrender to the chaos that is consuming me, yet i'm rooted to this spot, frozen in fear. my mind races, replaying all the what ifs and could have beens that lurk in the shadows, each one more terrifying than the last. the world around me feels unreal
my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and i can't seem to focus on anything other than the fear of the unknown.' 'the weight of my anxiety presses down on me like a heavy blanket, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.' 'every thought in my head is amplified, and i can't escape the constant loop of negative self talk and fear.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, and it feels like my body and mind are working against me.' 'i'm held captive by my thoughts, unable to break free from the grip of anxiety and find peace.' 'my heart races
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me, leaving me trapped in a cycle of endless thoughts and emotions, each one more overwhelming than the last. my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenario. i'm held captive by my racing thoughts, unable to quiet the storm inside my mind. i'm consumed by an unrelenting wave of fear and uncertainty, leaving me feeling powerless and alone. my heart races, my mind races, and i can
a thick cloud of worry and dread hovers over my mind, suffocating all other thoughts. my heart races with each inhale and exhale, each beat echoing the chaotic dance of fear inside my chest. my senses are overloaded, the world around me blurring into a noisy, chaotic mess as the pressure builds inside me. i'm powerless, trapped in my own spiraling thoughts, unable to break free. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, threatening to crush my very essence as my chest tightens, my breaths grow shallow, and my mind spirals inexorably towards despair.
in the stillness of the room, my heart races, my breath comes in shallow, labored gasps. my mind spirals out of control, a tornado of thoughts whirling, clashing, consuming me. the clock ticks on, mocking me, its relentless ticking a harsh reminder of the passing time. i'm stuck here, trapped in my own thoughts, unable to break free. my chest constricts, the weight of my anxiety bearing down on me, crushing me. i'm suffocating, drowning in my own fears. the fear of failure, the fear of rejection, the fear of the unknown, it all swirls around me, a
exhale sharply, heart thuds in chest, palms slick with sweat. eyes dart around the empty room, searching for any sign of escape, any hint of solace. mind races, thoughts spiraling, breaths coming in ragged bursts. why is this happening to me? how did i end up here? the weight of a thousand fears pressing down, suffocating, threatening to crush the fragile remnants of control i have clung to for so long. a knot in my stomach, tightening, coiling, threatening to snap. panic surges, a tidal wave crashing over me. time seems to stretch, hours slipping
he's having trouble breathing and thinks there is something physically wrong with him. inner dialogue breathe... that's it, in and out, nice and slow. what am i feeling? anxiety? no, it's more than that. it's heaviness in my chest, a tightness in my throat, an overwhelming fear that something is very, very wrong. i can't quite catch my breath, as if every inhalation is a struggle. is it my heart? my lungs? my mind? my body, betraying me, unable to distinguish the source of this unrelenting fear. i try to focus on my breath, the sound of my own inh
every moment is filled with uncertainty and fear. the smallest of tasks feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me paralyzed with anxiety. anxiety clutches my thoughts, making even the simplest decisions seem insurmountable. i'm drowning in a sea of worry and self doubt. my mind is a tangled web of what ifs and worst case scenarios, making it impossible to focus on the present moment. anxiety's grip is suffocating, and i can't breathe. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, pressing me into a corner of my own mind. i'm trapped, unable to escape
inner monologue breathe in... hold... and out. that's the routine i've been following for the past hour, but the clock on the wall mocks me with its unforgiving ticking. every second feels like an eternity. i check the email one more time, and my heart sinks deeper into my chest. the deadline is fast approaching, and i'm still not finished. i can't focus, my mind is racing like a wild stallion, and my hands tremble as i type, fearful of every single keystroke. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and the fear of failure clutches my heart
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything else. anxiety clutches at me, stealing my peace and replacing it with a constant knot in my stomach. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, unable to escape the suffocating grip of my own thoughts. fear gnaws at me from the inside, fueling my every thought and leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by it. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, threatening to crush my spirit and leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed. anxiety's
every moment is a struggle, my mind is a storm of worry and fear, constantly replaying past mistakes and imagining future disasters. i'm held captive by my thoughts, my mind a whirlpool of anxiety, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and every breath feels like a struggle, as i'm consumed by the relentless tide of anxiety. my heart races, my mind races, and i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to escape the grip of anxiety. anxiety claws at me from the inside,
i'm sitting here, in this dimly lit room, my heart pounding in my chest. the clock on the wall seems to be mocking me, ticking away relentlessly, each second an enemy to my peace. i can hear my own breathing, labored and uneven, as if my lungs have taken on a life of their own, laboring in opposition to my body. my mind races, a tangled web of thoughts that threaten to consume me whole. the past, the present, and the future converge, each moment a potential landmine, ready to detonate at a moment's notice. i can't help but replay the events of the
inner monologue oh god, what have i done? my heart pounds in my chest, the rhythmic thump thump an unnerving reminder of my impending doom. the room feels as though it's spinning, the edges of my vision blurred, my senses on overdrive. my breaths come in shallow gasps, each one harder to pull in than the last. i try to slow my breathing, to calm myself, but the instinctual fear coursing through my veins won't let me. i can't focus on anything, my mind racing with worst case scenarios. what if they find out? what if they know? the consequences, the
inner voice breathing heavily another late night, and tomorrow i have that important presentation at work. i can't mess this up, i just can't. the expectations are high, and my boss is counting on me. fearful thoughts but what if i fail? what if my mind goes blank, and i can't recall the important details? what if they all look at me with disappointment etched on their faces? the thought is suffocating. inner voice no, i can't let that happen. i've prepared for this. i've practiced, and i've gathered all the information i need. but still, the fear
inner monologue heart pounding in my chest, i can't seem to catch my breath. why does it always feel like this? the weight of the world is pressing down on my shoulders, crushing me with its unrelenting force. the deadlines loom, the expectations, the demands. why can't i just meet them all, prove myself worthy? but my mind is a blank canvas, every thought erased, replaced with an unending void. the fear creeps in, whispers of inadequacy, of failure. i'm not enough, i'm not good enough. i should be able to handle this, i tell myself, but the truth
inner monologue why can't i calm down? my heart is racing, my palms are sweating, and my thoughts are swirling around in a chaotic, overwhelming vortex. i can feel the pressure building up inside of me, like a balloon about to burst. the noise around me is deafening, a relentless cacophony that pierces through my fragile nerves. breathe, i tell myself, just breathe. focus on your breath. inhale deeply through your nose, hold it for a count of five, and exhale slowly through your mouth. repeat. again and again. but my thoughts refuse to be silenced
inner dialogue oh no, not again. my heart is pounding in my chest, and my palms are sweaty. why does this always happen to me? what am i so afraid of? this is the third meeting in a row, and every time i walk into that room, i can feel the pressure building up. the knot in my stomach refuses to loosen, and my thoughts are racing a mile a minute. i can't focus on anything. i keep replaying every possible scenario in my head, and they all end with me making a fool of myself. what if i say the wrong thing? what if they don't like me? what if i fail?
a thought might come like this in the morning when a person is just waking up, before they've even opened their eyes oh, no, today's going to be terrible. i can feel it. i don't have the energy to handle everything that's coming at me. i'm already making mistakes, i'm going to mess up again and again. i can't do this. i just want to hide under the covers and pretend the world doesn't exist. this thought pattern can create a spiral of negativity and fear that colors the person's entire day, making it even harder for them to overcome their anxiety.
inner monologue breath in... hold... exhale... god, this is it. the culmination of all my fears, all my worries, all my stress, and it's happened faster than i could ever have imagined. i thought i had it all under control, that i was managing this situation like an adult, but no. no, i can't do this. the weight of it all is too much. i can't bear the thought of failure, of letting everyone down. but i can't keep pretending i have things figured out, that i have some grand plan for navigating through this crisis. the truth is, i'm drowning. i can
why can't i just calm down? i have so much to do, and i feel like i'm drowning. i know i need to focus, but my mind won't let me. all the thoughts and worries are crowding my brain, making it impossible to think clearly or make decisions. i wish i could just turn them off, but i can't. i feel trapped in my own mind, helpless and alone. i want to give up, but i can't. i have responsibilities, and i can't let them down. i need to keep going, but how? i don't know if i can do this anymore. i just want some peace and relief from this constant torment
i'm consumed by a storm of anxious thoughts, unable to focus on the present as my mind spirals out of control. anxiety's grasp leaves me feeling trapped, my thoughts racing like a never ending waterfall, drowning in fear and uncertainty. my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, each gust of worry amplifying the next, leaving me paralyzed and unable to move forward. the weight of anxiety presses down on me, a heavy burden that clouds my judgment and dims my spirit. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, an endless cycle of fear and self doubt that robs me of
in the hollow recesses of my mind, a tempest brews. a storm of relentless thoughts, each one more damaging than the last. i am an unwilling vessel, adrift on a sea of turbulent emotions. my heart races like a wild stallion, a primal force beyond my control. my breath comes in ragged gasps, shallow and unsteady. my limbs tremble, as if i have been touched by the icy hands of fear itself. what is this insidious feeling that grips me so tightly, like a vise around my chest? it gnaws at me, a constant presence, an ever present shadow. i cannot escape
inner voice oh no, i can't believe this is happening again. the clock is ticking, and there's so much to do, so little time. i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. my heart races, palms sweat, muscles tense. i can't think clearly, and every decision feels like a disaster in the making. how did i get here? why can't i get it together? i need a break, a reprieve from this endless cycle of anxiety and fear. but, at the same time, there's a stubborn part of me that refuses to give in. i know i can
my mind is a never ending cycle of worries and fears, and it's consuming me from the inside out. anxiety grips me like a vice, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my thoughts race and swirl, leaving me feeling trapped in a storm of uncertainty and fear. i'm constantly on edge, always anticipating the worst case scenario, and it's exhausting. the weight of anxiety sits heavy on my shoulders, making it difficult to breathe, let alone function. my heart pounds and my mind races, leaving me feeling helpless and out of control. anxiety
inner voice quick, shallow breaths this is it, the moment i've been dreading. my heart is pounding, my mind racing, and my palms are slick with sweat. why can't i handle this? what's wrong with me? it's just a simple phone call, a routine appointment, but it feels like i'm standing on the edge of a cliff, teetering on the brink of chaos. the clock on the wall seems to be ticking louder and more menacingly with each passing second. every noise in the room echoes in my ears, amplifying the thunderous rhythm of my racing heart. my thoughts are a cha
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety claws at me, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building on the last until i'm consumed by a tidal wave of anxiety and fear. my heart pounds in my chest, drowning out the sound of rational thought, leaving me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety's grip tightens around me, squeezing the life out of my joy and leaving me feeling trapped and isolated. fear gnaws at me
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, leaving me paralyzed with fear. anxiety grips me like a vice, each breath a struggle, every thought a mountain to climb, and still, i can't escape its grasp. my thoughts spiral out of control, a tornado of worry and fear, leaving me trapped in a storm of my own making. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a jumble of fears and doubts, leaving me unable to focus or find peace. fear clutches at me, a constant presence, a dark cloud that follows me wherever i go,
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, leaving me unable to focus on anything but the fear of the unknown. the weight of constant worry and self doubt presses down on me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly. anxiety grips me like a vice, robbing me of peace and leaving me feeling powerless against its relentless tide. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, and i can't seem to slow down or catch my breath amidst the chaos. i'm held hostage by my own mind, a prisoner to the incessant chatter that keeps me awake at night and leaves
every breath i take feels labored, and the constant churn of my thoughts leaves me paralyzed, unable to make even the simplest decisions. my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i'm trapped in a cycle of worry, unable to focus on anything else. anxiety clutches at my chest, stealing my breath and leaving me feeling powerless, as i struggle to quiet the relentless storm of thoughts in my head. my thoughts race like a freight train, and i can't seem to find a way to slow down, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed. i'm a prisoner to my
don t worry about writing in a complete sentence. just use strong, descriptive words racing heart. mind whirling. brain blank. tension in every muscle. fears clawing my thoughts. panic bubbling under the surface. fingers trembling. every second feels like an hour. my thoughts looping. my mind in turmoil. deep breath. try to focus. just need it to stop. example heart hammering in my chest. thoughts careening like a freight train. panic tightening its grip on me. need air. need quiet. need escape. my insides coiled with dread. just. make. it. stop.
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and doubts, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but the fear consuming me. another example my palms are sweaty and my stomach is in knots as i replay potential disasters in my head, unable to quiet the relentless anxiety. another example anxiety claws at my chest, stealing my breath and focus, leaving me a prisoner to my own thoughts and fears. another example my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races with a million what ifs, making it impossible for me to find peace or calm. another example
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' 'anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus or make decisions.' 'my thoughts spiral out of control, each one feeding the next, until i'm consumed by a cloud of fear and uncertainty.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and self doubt, unable to escape the grip of my racing mind.' 'anxiety leaves me feeling powerless and helpless, like i'm drowning in a sea of fear and doubt.' 'every moment is filled with uncertainty and
inner voice frantic whispers i can't breathe. heart racing, lungs constricted, body drenched in a cold sweat. the minutes ticking, the clock's hand advancing, each second a battlefield in my mind. this is it, the moment of truth. the one moment in time i can't afford to falter. and yet, the fear consumes me. my hands tremble and shake, incoherent, unable to focus on the task at hand. i can't concentrate. my mind jumps between worst case scenarios, spiraling out of control. my breaths become shallow, each one laborious, struggling to fill my lungs
inner voice anxiously why am i so stressed out about this? it's just a project at work. i've done projects before and completed them with flying colors. but this one feels different. the deadlines are looming, and i can't seem to focus. inner thought sighs it's not just the project, is it? it's the fear of failure, the pressure to perform, and the expectations that come with it. inner voice nervously yes, that's it. the weight of failure, and the consequences that follow, has always loomed large over me. it feels as though every mistake i make is
the person is standing on the edge of a cliff and he hears a noise that sounds like a falling rock. inner monologue my heart pounds, each beat thundering in my ears. i can't breathe the air feels heavy, suffocating. my senses are heightened, every fiber of my being taut with tension. a single moment, a flash, and i'm teetering on the precipice, dangling in the breeze, the void yawning beneath me. the wind whispers through my hair, urging me forward, testing the boundaries of my courage. i hesitate, but the fear creeps in, uninvited and insidious.
this inner monologue should express the intense feelings and thoughts that come with anxiety. inner monologue of an anxious person i can't breathe. my heart is pounding so hard, it feels like it's going to burst right out of my chest. my thoughts are racing, swirling in a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty. i can't focus on anything, my mind keeps jumping from one worry to the next. why did i say yes to this? i can't do this. i'm not good enough. what if i fail? what if i make a fool of myself? what if everyone laughs at me? what if i can't handle
my mind is a never ending whirlpool of worry, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. every breath i take feels labored, as if my anxiety is physically holding me back from living my life. i'm trapped in a constant state of fear and doubt, unable to quiet the storm of thoughts raging in my head. the weight of my anxiety is a heavy burden, dragging me down and making even the smallest moments feel unbearable. my thoughts spiral out of control like a runaway train, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by my own mind. anxiety gnaws at me, a
inner voice shaky, quick paced breathing i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, crushing me. i'm drowning in responsibilities and deadlines. the pressures of daily life, it's too much. what if i fail? what if i'm not enough? i'm not strong enough, smart enough, or capable enough. my heart races with every thought of the worst case scenarios. the fear is a cacophony of emotions roaring through my veins, consuming me, yet i cannot flee, cannot hide. i'm trapped, and every minute feels like an eternity. but within the depths of
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, as if the ground beneath me is shifting and i can't keep my footing. i'm constantly second guessing myself and my decisions, like a broken record playing in my mind, drowning out any semblance of peace or calm. my thoughts race like a freight train, each one careening into the next without pause, leaving me breathless and disoriented. anxiety clutches at my chest, squeezing the air from my lungs, as i struggle to find a foothold amidst the swirling chaos of my mind. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of
every breath i take feels heavy and uncertain. the constant chatter in my mind leaves me paralyzed, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. here are some more options 1. my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear. 2. anxiety clutches my heart, leaving me breathless and unable to think clearly. 3. the weight of my worries presses down on me, making even the smallest tasks feel insurmountable. 4. my mind races a thousand miles per hour, making it impossible to find peace and calm. 5. i feel like
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or clarity. anxiety claws at me, filling my thoughts with 'what ifs' and 'but what abouts,' leaving me paralyzed and uncertain. fear creeps in like a shadow, casting doubt on my every decision and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my thoughts spiral out of control, a chaotic jumble of worry and fear that leaves me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed. anxiety weighs heavy on my chest, a constant reminder of the fears and doubts that threaten to consume me.
remember that the thoughts in this inner dialogue might change in every moment but these are common thoughts feelings in moments of stress and fear. inner dialogue heart races, palms sweating, eyes darting around the room oh god, what's wrong with me? this feels like the time i was about to fail my big presentation. thoughts racing, deep breaths no, no. it's not the presentation, it's the interview. for that new job opportunity. i can't let my nerves wreck this chance. why did i even apply for this job? i don't have the skills, or the experience,
i'm trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. or, my mind is a stormy sea, churning with worry and doubt, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. or, the weight of my fears is a heavy burden on my shoulders, dragging me down and making it hard to breathe. or, anxiety claws at my insides, a constant reminder of my worst fears, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless. or, my thoughts race like a wildfire, consuming me from the inside out, and leaving me
i can t breathe. my heart s racing. i can feel it pounding in my chest. my head is spinning. everything around me feels unreal. the walls are closing in and i can t escape. i need to get out. i need to breathe. but my lungs won t let me. i m trapped in this feeling, in this moment. it s overwhelming and terrifying. i want to scream, to cry, to do something, anything to make it stop. but i can t. i m frozen, stuck in this endless cycle of panic. i don t know how much longer i can take it. i need help. i need someone to save me from this hell that
inner monologue oh no, oh god, what have i done? i can't believe it. the feeling of dread in my stomach is consuming me. my heart is racing, palpitating against my ribcage, making it hard to breathe. i thought i had it all under control, but this, this was the straw that broke the camel's back. how could i have been so reckless? so careless? my mind races with worst case scenarios. i'm surrounded by a sea of panic, each wave threatening to swallow me whole. i want to scream, to cry, to do something, anything to make this feeling go away. but i'm
inner monologue deep breath in i can't do this. this workload is beyond anything i've ever taken on before. i can feel the weight of it all pressing down on me. long pause how did i get here? what was i thinking when i agreed to take on so much at once? i need a break. i can't concentrate. my mind keeps wandering, jumping from one fear to the next. the project deadline is looming and i'm far from finished. i can feel the fear of failure creeping in, making me nervous, anxious, and uncertain. i'm not good enough. i can't keep up. i need help. but
pain and consciousness attention i haven't talked to a doctor about this because i hardly know how to describe it. just wondering if anyone knows what i'm talking about. sometimes when i get a sudden, brief twinge of pain, it feels like my consciousness shifts. not like i'm dizzy or faint or anything, but sort of like my train of thought just stops and my attention is immediately focused. it's almost a woosh feeling. it doesn't happen every time i feel pain, just sometimes. is this normal ? weird? maybe related to blood pressure? i have no idea.
freaking out about stomach issues. so two months ago, i was feeling this weird burning cramping sensation in my stomach and was prescribed omeprazole and took that for about three or four weeks. the pain went away and then two months later, i found myself feeling the same thing again. i would feel a pain nauseous feeling when i get hungry, get full easily after one bite, and would feel nauseous again after eating. i'm not sure what is going on, i have a doctor's appointment this tuesday but cannot seem to stop thinking about worse case scenario.
they re trying to calm down but the anxious thoughts keep coming back, and they re struggling to focus on anything other than their worries. inner monologue i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's too heavy. i need a break, just a moment to catch my breath. but my mind won't let me. it's spinning out of control with thoughts that won't stop. what if i make a mistake? what if i let everyone down? what if i can't handle it all? the what ifs keep piling up, each one more terrifying than the last. i try to push them away
i can't breathe. my heart is racing, the beats pounding in my chest. my mind is racing faster, a million thoughts swirling around like a tornado in a jar. the air feels thick, heavy, and suffocating. every inhale feels like a battle, every exhale a small victory. my hands are shaking, clammy, and cold. they're fidgeting, twisting, and wrinkling, searching for something to grab onto. the feeling of helplessness is consuming me, like a dark cloud enveloping my entire being. i can't think straight. the words in my head are a jumbled mess, a tangled
every moment feels heavy with uncertainty, my mind a whirlpool of anxious thoughts, each one threatening to pull me under. if you enjoy these prompts, consider purchasing the 365 days of mental health prompts book, filled with 365 different prompts to help you explore your mental health and wellbeing. prompt idea submitted by elena from italy. thank you for contributing! remember, it's important to reach out if you're struggling. reach out to a trusted friend, family member, or mental health professional. you're not alone, and help is available.
every breath feels heavy, my mind is a storm of endless worries, and i'm unable to find peace amidst the chaos. the weight of uncertainty consumes me, and i can't seem to escape the grip of fear that holds me captive. my thoughts spin in circles, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, as anxiety claws at me from the inside out. my mind is a tangled web of fears and doubts, and i struggle to find a way out of the labyrinth that keeps me awake at night. i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, and every ripple on the surface threatens to pull me under
inner voice deep, anxious intonation god, i can't do this. my heart is racing, my mind is reeling with fear and doubt. i can't bear the pressure any longer. i keep making mistakes, stumbling over my words, and every wrong move i make feels like a stab in the back. the world is moving too fast, i can't keep up. what if i fail? what will people think of me? they all expected so much, and here i am, a hopeless mess. i should have known better. i should have prepared better. why can't i seem to get it right? my mind drifts to that one crucial moment
as i sit on the edge of the bed, my heart beats erratically, and the room starts to spin, my thoughts race with worries and uncertainties, reminding me of my fearsome anxiety once again. i'm powerless against the tide of panic and fear. the mere thought of the day ahead fills me with dread, knowing that with every passing second, another anxious moment looms closer, threatens to consume me whole. yet, beneath this chaos, a whisper of hope remains i refuse to be a slave to my anxiety. i'll face it head on and learn to thrive despite its presence.
i can't breathe. my heart is pounding, my palms are sweaty, my thoughts are racing. what if i can't do this? what if i'm not good enough? i've got this important presentation coming up, and i've spent weeks preparing for it. but now, just as i'm about to go on stage, my mind is blank. i can't remember a single thing i practiced. i've got butterflies in my stomach, and my voice shakes as i try to introduce myself. i can hear the silence of the audience, their expectant gazes boring into me. every mistake, every stumble, every forgotten line, it's
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. here are some other examples my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. anxiety clutches at my chest, making it hard to breathe or focus on anything but my racing thoughts. i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to break free and find peace. the weight of my anxieties presses down on me, making every day a struggle to get through. my mind is a battlefield, filled with fear, doubt, and self
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, making it impossible for me to focus or find peace. the weight of uncertainty and worry is crushing me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act or make decisions. my thoughts race faster than a marathon runner, yet i can't seem to keep up, drowning in a sea of anxiety and self doubt. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, trapped in a vicious cycle of worry and fear that leaves me feeling helpless and alone. anxiety clutches at my heart, stealing my breath and focus, leaving me feeling weak and powerless.
i'm trapped in a constant cycle of worry and fear, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and i can't seem to catch a break from the relentless thoughts swirling in my mind. anxiety claws at me, leaving me feeling helpless and alone, as i struggle to find a moment's peace in the storm of my thoughts. every day is a battlefield, and i'm the soldier fighting an unseen enemy, my own mind. the fear consumes me, leaving me paralyzed and unable to act, as i grapple with the seemingly
my mind is a never ending cycle of worry, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm consumed by fear and doubt, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios that race through my mind. every breath i take feels labored, my thoughts a tangled web of anxiety that i can't escape. anxiety grips me like a vice, holding me captive in its clutches and leaving me feeling helpless and powerless. i'm constantly on edge, my nerves jangled and raw, leaving me feeling fragile and easily shattered. my heart races and my mind races faster
inner monologue my heart pounds in my chest, each beat resonating with the ticking clock on the wall. five more minutes. i need to get there before they close the doors. traffic's backed up due to an accident down the street. why did i procrastinate and leave late? why did i take this job? what if i fail? i'm not ready for this. my hands tremble on the steering wheel. this is too much. why can't things just be easy for once? deep breaths, calm down. focus. you've got this. just make it to the interview on time. and then, you'll see. you'll prove
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every nerve ending in my body is on high alert, leaving me feeling jittery and unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to quiet the relentless chatter in my head and find peace. anxiety has a grip on me, and i can't seem to break free from its paralyzing grasp. i'm a prisoner to my own thoughts, constantly second guessing myself and dwelling on the what ifs, leaving me
the world is a relentless barrage of stimuli, each one demanding attention, a response, a decision. my heart races as my thoughts spin out of control, a merry go round of fear and worry that won't stop. i can't focus, can't think clearly, can't even take a deep breath without feeling as though i'm drowning. i want to scream, to cry, to collapse under the weight of it all. but i can't. i have to keep going, keep functioning, keep pretending that i'm okay. because if i stop, if i give in to the anxiety, if i let them see how weak i really am, then
deep, trembling breath oh no, not again. the familiar pit in my stomach begins to form, the suffocating knot growing with every passing second. this is it, another panic attack creeping up on me. what s causing it this time? is it the crowding sounds, the smothering heat, or the cloying scent of the crowded room? is it my own thoughts twisting inside of me, their relentless churning escalating the fire of fear that s igniting my anxiety? sudden shudder please, not here. please, not now. i want to scream and beg for someone to understand. to feel
every nerve in my body is on edge, i'm constantly second guessing myself and my decisions, like a broken record playing in my mind. the world around me feels like it's spinning out of control, and i'm unable to focus or find peace in the chaos. my thoughts race like a wildfire, leaving me feeling exhausted and trapped in my own mind. i'm held captive by my anxieties, unable to escape the constant loop of worry and fear. my heart pounds in my chest, my breath shallow, as i struggle to find calm amidst the storm of my racing thoughts. i'm drowning
inner monologue oh god, this can't be happening. the last time this happened, it all seemed fine at first, but then it spiral out of control. i can't afford another crisis. how long have i got before it's too late? time's moving too fast, and i feel like i'm standing still. my heart's racing, and i can't seem to calm down. i need to take deep breaths, but every inhale feels like a struggle. my mind's racing faster than usain bolt, but my body is as heavy as a leaden weight. my thoughts are scattered like leaves in the wind, and my brain seems to
i can t do this, i just can t. my heart is racing, my breath is shallow, i can hardly think straight. my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last. i m trapped in this cycle of fear and doubt, and i can t see a way out. why am i like this? why can t i just calm down and face the situation head on? everyone around me seems so calm and collected, and i can t help but feel like a failure. i know i m capable of handling this, but my anxiety is gripping me so tightly that i can hardly breathe. i need to focus, i
i will write a response from the perspective of their loving significant other. anxious thought i'm so scared i'll mess up at work, and that fear keeps me up at night. response darling, please know that no matter what happens, i'll be there for you. you're so talented and capable, and if anything does go wrong, we'll face it together. don't let anxiety keep you from the rest you need. you're stronger than it. wishing you and your loved one calmness and reassurance, alda submissions accepted, credits will be given accordingly original post https
weird muscle sensation anxiety hello. i'm 17 years old, not active at all, and last week i went to the doctor for a tingling feeling in my arms and leg. my doctor said that the tingling is likely due to a lack of exercise, since once i come home from school, i either sit at my desk or lay down using my phone for hours. of course, i'm going to take my doctor's advice and exercise improve my diet, but that'll take time to see results. could this really be it? i've never heard of your muscles falling asleep tingling from a lack of exercise before.
my mind is a whirlwind of fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. another example the weight of my thoughts is crushing me, each worry building on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. additional examples anxiety has me in its grip, every breath a struggle, every moment a battle. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one more terrifying than the last. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, unable to escape their relentless grasp. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind a chaotic storm, leaving
my mind is a whirlwind of doubts and fears, each one amplifying the next, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety's grip on me is tight, every breath feels labored, and my thoughts race like a never ending waterfall, threatening to drown me. fear clutches my heart, and my mind is a battleground of conflicting thoughts, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every thought, every worry, every fear feels magnified, leaving me feeling consumed by the weight of my own mind. my thoughts are a chaotic storm, and i'm lost at sea,
inner monologue oh god, this is it. the moment i've been dreading for weeks, perhaps even months. the anxiety is building up inside of me, gnawing at me like an unwelcome guest who refuses to leave. my heart races, my palms are sweating, my mind goes blank. i can't remember the last time i felt this powerless, this helpless. every fiber of my being screams out for me to flee, to escape the situation that lies before me. but i know that i can't. i've invested too much time, too much effort, to back down now. i have to face it, no matter how terr
inner voice deep, rhythmic breaths i've got this, i can handle it. i've faced harder challenges before. but why does it feel so heavy this time? why can't i shake this sense of fear and unease? exasperated what if i can't meet this deadline? what if i fail? i've poured my heart and soul into this project. all that hard work, all that effort, down the drain. i can't bear the thought of disappointment, of letting myself and everyone else down. worrisome and what about the consequences? losing this contract could mean losing my job. i can't afford
anxious thoughts can take many forms, but a common one is, what if something bad happens and i can't handle it? this thought can manifest in various ways, such as, what if i have a heart attack and i'm alone at home? or what if i make a mistake at work and my boss fires me? or what if my loved one gets sick and i can't take care of them? the key characteristic of anxious thoughts is the sense of uncontrollability and catastrophic consequences. they can be distressing and debilitating, causing avoidance behaviors and interfering with daily life.
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and self doubt, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm caught in a cycle of fear, my thoughts spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. anxiety clutches at my chest, its icy grip tightening with each passing moment, as i struggle to find a way out of the dark thoughts consuming me. the weight of my anxiety presses down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe, let alone focus on anything else. fear gnaws at me from the inside, a relentless storm
pain and consciousness attention i haven't talked to a doctor about this because i hardly know how to describe it. just wondering if anyone knows what i'm talking about. sometimes when i get a sudden, brief twinge of pain, it feels like my consciousness shifts. not like i'm dizzy or faint or anything, but sort of like my train of thought just stops and my attention is immediately focused. it's almost a woosh feeling. it doesn't happen every time i feel pain, just sometimes. is this normal? weird? maybe related to blood pressure? i have no idea.
1. in the whirlwind of worry, my mind races like a freight train with no brakes, carrying me away from reality. 2. anxiety's grip on me is like a vice, constricting my thoughts and leaving me unable to focus on anything else. 3. i'm drowning in a sea of fears, with each wave crashing over me, threatening to swallow me whole. 4. the relentless cycle of thoughts consumes me, as i struggle to find solace in the chaos that is my mind. 5. the feeling of being stuck, trapped in my own thoughts, is a prison of my own making, with no escape in sight. 6
been having bad stomach cramps for a week now...? i've been having really bad cramps, they feel like period cramps but they're slightly above my uterus area. when i get there cramps i go to the bathroom and either take a dump which hurts my stomach or nothing comes out so then i wait for the cramp to go away . i don't know what's going on. also i felt a weird stab of pain in my butt for a few seconds but then it went away. i've been eating pretty healthy, but haven't had much meat...maybe that's it? i don't know. what do you think? happy monday
my mind is a whirlwind of worst case scenarios, and every decision feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders. the weight of uncertainty is crushing me, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm stuck in a loop of fear and self doubt, unable to move forward or find peace. every moment is filled with worry and apprehension, making it impossible to focus on anything but my anxious thoughts. i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the grip of anxiety. my heart races, my mind races
inner voice whispers softly what am i doing here? this isn't where i belong. i can't keep up with the pace of this world, the endless expectations and demands. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, heavy, relentless. gains intensity i can't do this, i can't take this anymore. the deadlines, the bills, the responsibilities. my mind races, jumbled with a million things to remember and a million more things i've forgotten. my body is tired, heavy with exhaustion. my heart thumps, rapid and unrelenting. the fear gnaws at me, a constant, c
every heartbeat is a reminder of my own fragility, each breath a struggle to maintain control. i'm trapped inside my own mind, a prisoner to the overwhelming thoughts and emotions that consume me. fear gnaws at me from the inside out, making every moment a battle for sanity. alternatively i'm drowning in my own thoughts, each one a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath. anxiety clutches at my heart, tightening its grip with every passing second, and i'm powerless to escape its hold. or even anxiety swirls around me like a tempest
trash can, rabies saliva, and many cuts on hand hi guys, so today, i forgot to wear gloves when taking out the trash, and when i took out the trash, i saw squirrel feces, we have a lot of squirrels here. so when i threw the trash away, i accidentally closed it on my hands with cuts. now my finger with cuts is itching very much. could it have been rabies saliva on trash cans, and now it got into my hand from the trash can. this is our homes trash can which is outside our house. am i overreacting and overthinking something i should not? thank you
deep, steady breath in god, i can't do this. the deadlines are piling up and my mind feels like a tangled web of loose threads, impossible to untangle. i'm drowning in responsibility, and every time i close my eyes, all i see is red. pause, tears prick in the corners of my eyes why am i even trying? i thought i could handle it all. i thought i was stronger than this. i knew the workload would be tough, but i underestimated how it would affect me, how completely it would take over my thoughts and emotions. i feel stuck, and for the first time, i
xanax please help hi. this is going to be a bit of a long post. i have suffered from emetophobia for 8 years now. have been and am still going to therapy, on antidepressants and have been on hydroxyzine. recently, my doctor prescribed me .5mg of xanax every day. this has spiked my anxiety because i know i can gain a tolerance to it and become addicted. i have never misused it or done anything wrong, but i feel guilty for using it every day and i m scared i ll become addicted and have withdrawals. can someone give me some insight on this please?
a person might think, i'm going to make a mistake during my presentation, and everyone will laugh at me. i'll lose my job, and i'll be a failure. this is an example of an anxious thought because it is an excessive, unwarranted worry about a potential future event. the thought is not based in reality, as the person may be perfectly capable of delivering a successful presentation, and the consequences of making a mistake do not necessarily mean job loss or failure. the thought is fueled by fear and uncertainty, and can lead to anxiety and stress.
inner voice gasps for air i can't do this, not today, not again. the weight of the world is pressing down on me, suffocating me. my heart races, palms sweat, and mind scrambles for an escape. i feel trapped, imprisoned by my own thoughts. my mind, once a creative and innovative force, is now a jumbled mess of chaos and fear. i long for the days when i could breathe freely, the days when i had control over my life. but, alas, those days are far behind me. i know what i'm supposed to do, the list is endless work, study, exercise, eat right, sleep
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe these days. my mind is constantly racing with worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. every interaction feels like a potential landmine, and i can't escape the nagging thought that i'll be judged or criticized. i just wish i could press pause on life for a moment and catch my breath.
inner dialogue breath in... breathe out... oh no, not again. the clock ticks away, each second an eternity. i have that presentation in thirty minutes and i m still not prepared. i promised myself i d be more organized, but here i am, once again, pulling an all nighter. my heart races, thoughts scatter like leaves in the wind. my palms grow clammy as the anxiety sets in. i m supposed to impress them, show them that i m capable, worthy, but how can i do that if i can t even get through my own slides without forgetting something essential? why am
my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more worrying than the last, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. i'm trapped in a cycle of constant worry and fear, my body tensed and my mind racing, unable to focus on anything but the next potential disaster. every little sound and sensation feels amplified, my heart pounds in my chest, and i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of unease and apprehension. i'm drowning in a sea of anxious thoughts, each one pulling me further under, and i can't seem to find a way to break free. the weight of
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. anxiety grips me, and every decision feels like a mountain to climb, clouding my judgment and sapping my energy. my thoughts spiral out of control, and i'm held captive by fear, unable to focus or find peace in the present moment. i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear, my mind racing with worst case scenarios, leaving me feeling helpless and powerless. anxiety claws at me, a relentless storm in my mind, making it impossible to focus or find calm in
keep the text fragmented and chaotic like someone jumping from thought to thought. 1. how did i end up here, in this god forsaken place? the ticking clock mocks me, its relentless sound piercing my very being. every second is a sliver of dread, an endless cascade of fear 2. what if they find me? what will they do? terror swells within me, a dark storm brewing in my soul. can i really keep this secret hidden? or will it consume me whole? 3. a soft whisper from the shadows, a gentle tap on my shoulder. i spin around, my heart pounding, but no one
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, as simple tasks feel insurmountable and my thoughts spiral out of control. anxiety grips me, making even the simplest decisions seem impossible, and every nerve ending tingles with an overwhelming sense of unease. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a chaotic mess, as i struggle to find a way out of the tangled web of anxiety that ensnares me. anxiety's grip is tight, and
in my mind, a chorus of fears and anxieties echo through empty halls, reverberating off the cold, hard walls. the clock ticks away, each second slipping away unforgivingly like grains of sand, but i'm stuck, frozen in time, unable to move. my heart races, drumming an erratic tempo within my chest. my breath catches, leaving me gasping for oxygen. a dark pit forms in the depths of my stomach, twisting and gnawing at me, consuming me from the inside. i'm a prisoner of my own thoughts, and they're relentless, merciless, never giving me a moment's
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, keeping me awake at night, and leaving me unable to focus during the day. anxiety grips me, making it hard to breathe, as i fret about the future and dwell on past mistakes. every nerve ending is on high alert, leaving me jittery and irritable, unable to relax or find peace. fear clutches my heart, and doubt clouds my mind, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the weight of worry presses down on me, making it hard to catch my breath, and leaving me feeling helpless and alone. my thoughts
every breath feels heavy and uncertain, like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. the constant chatter in my mind leaves me feeling trapped and powerless. or my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm held captive by the relentless cycle of anxiety. or my body is on high alert, every muscle tense and ready for a fight or flight response. the world feels like a threatening place, and i'm left struggling to keep up with my own thoughts. or anxiety has a grip on me, leaving me feeling helpless
my mind is a storm of constant worry and doubt, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. anxiety grips me like a vice, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape its grasp. my thoughts race faster than a runaway train, and i'm unable to focus on anything but the fear that consumes me. the weight of my anxieties presses down on me like a heavy burden, making it difficult to breathe or think clearly. fear clutches at my heart, and i'm unable to shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner. my mind is a labyrinth
i m not super paranoid, but could i be pregnant? so let me preface this with saying i am on the pill. i m too paranoid not to use it, and take it faithfully. haven t taken it late since week 1 and it s currently week 3. it s the combo pill. secondly, why this gives me anxiety i m not ready to be pregnant. it s not the right time for me. so basically my boyfriend and i did the deed today with a condom, but it broke. i ve been having pms cramps since around monday, and my period is due in exactly a week. is it worth investing in the plan b pill?
make sure they re talking to themselves to process the stress and reach a positive resolution. deep, shuddering breath in. self you've got this, al. i know it feels like the weight of the world is resting on your shoulders right now, but remember, it's just another bump in the road. just focus on your breathing. in... out... in... out... pause self that deadline looming over you, the project that's causing you so much stress what if i told you it wasn't as big a deal as you're making it out to be? i know it feels like it s the end of the world
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to focus on anything else. here are some variations 1. anxiety clutters my thoughts, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain. 2. fear grips me, making it difficult to breathe or concentrate on anything else. 3. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and helpless. 4. worry gnaws at me, consuming my energy and focus. 5. panic surges through me, making it hard to think or act rationally. 6. my thoughts race faster than a runaway
how are their thoughts and emotions impacting them? inner monologue sighs deeply this cannot be happening. not today. not now. i can feel the tension mounting inside me like a volcano ready to erupt. my heart beats faster, my breaths shorter. what if i fail? what if i'm not good enough? what if i disappoint them all? these thoughts dance in my head like an endless cycle, blurring the edges of reality. fear gnaws at me, slowly gnaws away at my self confidence. my chest tightens, each breath feels laborious. but wait, is this really my fault? or
generate a short message from someone experiencing anxiety. example 'i feel like my heart is pounding out of my chest every time i step outside. i can t stop overthinking what people might say about me.' i'm finding it hard to breathe, my mind is racing and my heart is pounding. every little thing is making me feel on edge. i can't seem to shake off this feeling of dread, like i'm constantly waiting for something terrible to happen. the thought of facing the day ahead is overwhelming, and i can't stop replaying worst case scenarios in my head.
inner voice exhales deeply oh god, the clock is ticking and i'm not even halfway through my to do list. this project is due in two days and i've barely started. i'm going to fail, i just know it. the weight of the deadline is pressing down on me, and every little mistake feels like a mountain. my heart races, my hands shake, and my mind spirals with worst case scenarios. what if i miss a detail? what if my boss is disappointed? what if i'm fired? i'm so overwhelmed, i don't even know where to begin. but i have to, i have to keep going. i can't
my mind is a storm of endless thoughts, and i can't seem to find peace or calmness amidst the chaos. i'm constantly on edge, my nerves tingling with every little noise or movement, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, making it difficult to focus on anything but the fear that grips me. i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, every breath a struggle, every heartbeat an echo of my racing thoughts. anxiety claws at me, a relentless monster that gnaws at my sanity, leaving me feeling helpless and alone.
the thoughts should reflect the feelings of overwhelm and helplessness, as well as potential coping mechanisms. character maya thoughts deep, shuddering breath oh god, i can't do this. the deadlines are closing in, and i'm still stuck on the same page. the pressure is building up like an unwieldy balloon. how did i get myself into this mess? why can't i just be more productive? a wave of helplessness crashes over maya i'm drowning in responsibilities, and i can't seem to keep my head above water. there are emails to answer, reports to compile,
inner voice deep, steady breath i can't do this. i'm not cut out for this. the deadlines are closing in, and i'm still so far from completing my project. my heart races, and my mind is a whirlwind of panic. what if i fail? what if i disappoint everyone who believed in me? i can't let them down. i have to finish this. but how? i've tried everything, and nothing seems to be working. i need help. i need a break. but there's no time for that. i'm drowning in responsibilities and expectations. i need to find a way to focus, to push through, to find
they find themselves in a dark alley during a thunderstorm and encounter an aggressive dog. heart pounds in rhythmic staccato, thoughts racing a thousand miles an hour. puddles splash and raindrops pelt. dark, claustrophobic, confining. how did i get here, in this godforsaken place? the storm rages all around me. the world is muffled by its relentless onslaught. eyes widened, glancing up and down, taking stock of my surroundings. my foot catches on a loose brick. my body stumbles, i grip my phone, my lifeline to the outside world. but no bars.
i can't breathe. my heart is pounding, my mind racing, and i feel as if i'm trapped in a dark tunnel with no way out. i keep telling myself to calm down, but my body refuses to listen. the world around me is a blur, and all i can focus on is the fear gripping me from the inside out. i'm shaking, sweating, and i can't seem to catch my breath. my thoughts are jumbled and disjointed, and every second feels like an eternity. i'm not sure how much longer i can hold on. but i have to. i have to keep going. i have responsibilities, people who rely on
every nerve in my body is on high alert, and the smallest trigger can send me spiraling into a maelstrom of fear and uncertainty. here are some more examples 1. my mind is a never ending stream of anxious thoughts, each one more overwhelming than the last. 2. i feel like i'm constantly on the brink of a panic attack, with no escape from the gnawing fear in my chest. 3. the world around me seems to slow down as my anxiety quickens my heartbeat and sharpens my focus on every potential danger. 4. i can't seem to catch a moment's peace, as my mind
inner dialogue my heart races, pounding against my ribs, each beat a reminder of my ever growing anxiety. my thoughts are a whirlwind of fear and worry, threatening to consume me whole. i struggle to focus, to find a sense of calm, but the uncertainty gnaws at me, a relentless, insidious beast. i tell myself to take deep breaths, to quiet my racing mind, but the words fall on deaf ears. my thoughts are a runaway train, barreling forward with an unrelenting force. what if i can't do this? what if i'm not good enough? the doubts pile up, growing
thought my heart is racing, my mind is a blur, and my hands are shaking. i can't focus, i can't think, and i can't seem to calm down. it's like my body is in fight or flight mode, even though there's no real danger. i feel trapped inside my own mind, unable to escape the spiraling thoughts and fears that are consuming me. i wish i could just make them stop, but i don't know how. i'm exhausting myself trying to hold onto some semblance of control, but it's slipping away from me. i'm so tired, both physically and emotionally. i just want to find
my mind is a relentless storm of worries and fears, and i'm powerless to calm the turbulence within. the constant churning of thoughts in my head leaves me feeling trapped and paralyzed, unable to focus on anything else. anxiety grips me like a vice, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling vulnerable and exposed. i'm held captive by my own thoughts, a prisoner to the incessant chatter that keeps me awake at night. the weight of my worries bears down on me, a heavy burden that i can hardly bear, let alone shake off. my heart pounds in my chest
every thought in my mind spirals into a web of worry and doubt, leaving me paralyzed and unable to focus on anything but my fear. another example anxiety grips my thoughts, whispering 'what ifs' and 'but what abouts,' leaving me feeling trapped in a maze of uncertainty and fear. my mind is a storm of racing thoughts, and i'm lost at sea, unable to find calm in the chaos of my own worries and doubts. fear clutches at my heart, choking out rational thought and leaving me feeling powerless against the tide of anxiety that engulfs me. my mind is a
then, reframe that thought in a more helpful and positive way. example a person might think, i am so nervous about this interview, i'm going to mess it up for sure. i don't have the right experience or qualifications. reframe instead, the person could think, although i'm feeling nervous about this interview, i have prepared well and i bring unique strengths to the table that i'm excited to share with the interviewer. i have a strong resume and proven abilities. i trust in my abilities and the opportunity to learn and grow from this experience.
in the depths of my mind, thoughts swarm and churn, relentless and chaotic, a tempestuous tide that threatens to drown me in its torrential deluge. the relentless ticking of the clock echoes the frenzied hammering of my racing heart. each second an eternity, stretching and contorting like an elastic band, elasticating and contracting, expanding with the gnawing apprehension and collapsing with the gut wrenching uncertainty. each pulsating beat heralds a new surge of adrenaline coursing through my veins. sweat beads on my forehead, dampening my
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else. the constant knot in my stomach and the relentless thoughts keep me awake at night, stealing my peace and tranquility. i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of worry and fear, unable to break free and live in the present moment. anxiety has become a part of me, a constant companion that follows me everywhere i go, never giving me a moment's peace. fear grips me like a vice, holding me hostage and making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
every minute feels like an eternity, my mind is consumed by worries and fears, and i can't seem to find peace in the present moment.' 'the weight of uncertainty is heavy on my shoulders, and i can't shake the feeling that something terrible is just around the corner.' 'my thoughts race like a never ending waterfall, and i'm trapped in a cycle of worry and fear that i can't escape.' 'the future looms large and ominous, and i can't help but dwell on the what ifs and worst case scenarios.' 'i'm held captive by my own thoughts, and i can't seem to
inner voice iv sighs deeply this is it. this is the moment i've been fearing. the moment when everything comes crashing down. i can feel my heart pounding in my chest, my breaths coming in short, sharp gasps. my palms are slick with sweat, my mind racing with a million thoughts and fears. what if i'm not good enough? what if i can't do this? what if i fail, and everyone sees me for the fraud that i am? i can't let that happen. i need to be strong, to push through. but how? how can i possibly face this, when every fiber of my being is screaming
my mind is a whirlwind of worry and fear, keeping me up at night and preventing me from focusing on anything else. anxiety claws at me, making simple tasks feel insurmountable, and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i m drowning in a sea of uncertainty, with every decision feeling like a life or death matter. my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me. i m held captive by my own mind, unable to escape the constant churning of anxious thoughts. anxiety gnaws at me, eating away
separation anxiety hi everyone! 22 f here. my anxiety and panic attacks flared up in december and ever since then, i have developed separation anxiety from my parents. the trigger is when i hear them get ready in the morning to go to work, it makes me anxious. when they leave, i usually watch harry potter and play games on my ipad to distract me. i know these are safety behaviors and they reinforce the anxiety. what do i do? i m tapering off of effexor which has heightened my anxiety but i m at a stand still and don t know how to change this.
how their thought patterns escalate and lead them into a full panic attack or anxiety episode. note please keep in mind that i'm not a professional, and this is just a fictional example inner monologue breathing heavily as she walks through the office door ugh, why do i even come to work? it's just going to be a nightmare today. my boss is going to be in a mood, and i'll never be able to keep up with everything he wants. i can't do this. i'm such a failure. why can't i get it together? i should have stayed home today. no, i can't call in sick
my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more terrifying than the last, leaving me paralyzed with fear and uncertainty. the weight of anxiety bears down on me, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, as if my thoughts are a never ending waterfall of worry. anxiety claws at me from the inside, stealing my peace and leaving me a prisoner to my own thoughts, unable to escape the cycle of fear and doubt. fear grips me like a vice, my heart racing, my mind racing, leaving me trapped in a maze of worry, unable to find a way out. anx
inner monologue breathing in, the air feels thick and heavy against my lungs. my heart beats in time with the pounding of my head, threatening to burst out of my chest. i can't focus, my mind races with thoughts. each one more fearful than the last. what if i fail? the weight of that question hangs over me like a cloud, obscuring the sun and casting a shadow over my day. i've put so much effort into this, and now, on the eve of the moment of truth, my mind is a whirlwind of doubt and uncertainty. what if i'm not good enough? this question, it
my mind is a storm of constant worry, and i can't seem to find any peace or tranquility amidst the chaos.' 'anxiety claws at me from the inside, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in my own thoughts.' 'i'm held captive by my fear, unable to escape the cyclical thoughts that keep me awake at night.' 'my worries spiral out of control, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty.' 'i'm plagued by a never ending stream of intrusive thoughts, making it impossible for me to focus on anything else.' 'my heart races and my mind
thought my heart races, my mind spirals out of control, and the world seems to move in slow motion. i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety, and i can't seem to find a way out. every breath feels heavy and each second ticks by slower than the last. i'm stuck, and i don't know how to break free from the grip of fear that has taken hold of me. all i can do is wait, hoping that eventually, i'll find a way to calm my mind and regain control. but for now, all i can think about is the overwhelming weight of anxiety that threatens to consume me completely.
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. anxiety grips me like a vice, making it difficult to focus on anything but the relentless cycle of negative thoughts. i'm held hostage by my own thoughts, unable to escape the grip of fear and uncertainty. every breath feels labored, every heartbeat amplified, as the weight of anxiety bears down on me. my thoughts race ahead, leaving me behind, and i'm left feeling powerless against the tidal wave of anxiety. anxiety is a thief, stealing my joy
the words bouncing around their mind in chaotic fashion, their thoughts racing as they try to process their fears and anxieties. inner monologue i can't breathe. no, that's not right. i can breathe, but it feels like my chest is being crushed. why is this happening? i've got to focus, i've got to think. my heart is racing, pounding in my chest, my pulse thrumming in my ears, drowning out all other sounds. i'm losing it, i can feel it. my thoughts are spiraling, racing out of control. i need to calm down. but how? how do i calm down when every
inner voice sighs heavily i can't believe this is happening again. the deadlines, the endless meetings, the constant pressure to perform... it's all becoming too much. my heart races at the thought of failing, of letting everyone down. i can't focus on anything but the fear of making a mistake. thoughts i need a break, just a little one. but there's no time for that. i have to keep going, keep pushing. but how? i'm already stretched so thin. i can't take on any more. yet, i can't escape this cycle. i feel trapped. inner voice you're not alone
my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts, and i can't seem to find any peace or calmness amidst the chaos. anxiety has taken hold of me, leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts, unable to focus on anything but the worst case scenarios. my mind is a jumbled mess, filled with fears and doubts that consume me, leaving me feeling powerless and paralyzed. i'm drowning in a sea of worries and uncertainty, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the grip of my anxiety. my thoughts race a million miles per hour, and i can't seem
my mind is a whirlwind of worries and fears, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. alternative anxiety grips me, as my thoughts spiral out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by fear. or my heart pounds in my chest as i grapple with my racing thoughts, making it hard to focus on anything but my fears. or i'm trapped in a cycle of negative thoughts, each one building on the last, leaving me feeling paralyzed by anxiety. or my thoughts race and swirl like a storm inside my head, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and
inner dialogue i can't believe this is happening. the clock is ticking, and i'm frozen, unable to move. my heart pounds in my chest, threatening to burst. the thoughts in my mind race, each one faster than the last. how am i going to get through this? i don't have the answers, i don't have the strength. my mind wanders to the worst case scenarios. what if i fail? what if i let everyone down? what if i can't provide for my family? the what ifs multiply, each one a knife that twists deeper into my psyche. i try to push them away, but they cling
my mind is a whirlwind of fears and doubts, each thought building on the last and leaving me trapped in a cycle of worry. the weight of uncertainty presses down on me, every decision feels like a minefield, and i can't seem to find my way out. i'm drowning in a sea of 'what ifs', my mind a constant storm of anxious thoughts, leaving me exhausted and unable to focus. my thoughts race faster than a freight train, and i can't seem to catch my breath, let alone calm my racing mind. fear clutches at my heart, my thoughts a jumbled mess, leaving me
my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and fear, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in a cycle of intrusive thoughts, unable to quiet the storm raging inside me. anxiety claws at my chest, stealing my peace and leaving me feeling powerless. my thoughts race ahead like a runaway train, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed. fear gnaws at my insides, leaving me a shell of myself, unable to focus or find joy in the present moment. anxiety's grip tightens around me, making it hard to breathe or think clearly.
my mind is a never ending storm of worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless. i'm constantly second guessing myself, as if every decision i make could lead to a disastrous outcome. anxiety gnaws at me, filling me with fear and uncertainty, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my thoughts spiral out of control, each one building upon the last, leaving me paralyzed by fear and self doubt. i'm haunted by the weight of my own thoughts, unable to escape their grasp, and feeling as though i'm drowning in my own mind
how do their thoughts spiral and how does their anxiety build? title a spiral of doubts and fears inner voice iv sighs heavily, rubs temples ugh, another long day ahead. the alarm clock blares relentlessly in the early morning darkness, forcing my consciousness to rise from its slumber. a thin sheet of sweat clings to my brow as the first wave of panic surges. what if i'm not enough? what if i mess this up? iv grasping for my phone, i frantically tap on the notifications another email from the boss. why now? why today? the deadline is still a
inner dialogue soft, shaky breaths my heart is pounding in my chest, faster than it should be. time seems to be slipping through my fingers, and there's an ache in my stomach. this isn't right. i can't do this. i glance at the clock, watching the seconds tick by. fourteen minutes left until the deadline. i've had hours to finish this, but the words just won't come. the blank screen before me feels like an insurmountable mountain, one that looms larger with every passing second. the doubts crowd in, their voices growing louder and harsher. you
escitalopram and risperidone i ve been on escitalopram 10 and 20mg for about 7 years now. tried to quit last year and it went so horribly i started back at 20mg but my psych feels weak and sensitive compared to before stopping. i have agoraphobia and panic disorder. i finally saw a psychiatrist who prescribed risperidone but i m scared as hell to take it. i had full body dyskinesia after taking metoclopramide a while back and after i saw that risperidone can cause that as well as tardive dyskinesia i m terrified. do you guys have any insight?
ingested small amount of epoxy resin from silverware i noticed after i had eaten that the knife i was using was split at the seam, and there were flakes of what looks like white dried epoxy or resin mixed with brown what i'm assuming to be rust stuff. i had already eaten a fair bit before i saw this, and unfortunately i am freaking out at the possibility that it's going to expand once it reacts with my stomach acids and need to be surgically removed. not sure if i should call poison control, or if they'll make fun of me for worrying about it.
my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry, and simple decisions feel insurmountable.' 'the weight of my thoughts presses down on me like a heavy blanket, making even the simplest tasks seem impossible.' 'i'm trapped in a cycle of fear and self doubt, unable to quiet the relentless noise in my head.' 'every breath feels labored as i struggle to keep up with the anxious thoughts racing through my mind.' 'my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind races, as if trying to outrun a fear that i can't escape.' 'anxiety gnaws at me, stealing my peace and
