depression has a purpose how to use it right this text discusses personal experiences with depression and suicidal tendencies. it is an amended and an updated version. i edited it for mistakes and added a couple of paragraphs alongside with real life illustrations. if you have already read the first version, just look for the new paragraphs. thank you for reading. i think i know now why i need depressive phases. by saying that, i don't mean the physical side of depression. this implies fatigue, general exhaustion, increased or decreased need for sleep, the same applies to appetite, drop in libido, decrease in hygiene and general activities. the body needs to recover. it takes time. what i am talking about is the emotional, intellectual, if you want spiritual side of depression. i think i found a purpose of depression on the other side of the coin. it appears that i grow during these times, because i reflect a lot on the recent events, critically evaluate my actions and decisions, as well as my reasoning behind them. most importantly, i try to understand my mistakes and to learn lessons from them so that i will never repeat them again. in all fairness, it is a painful and self destructive process. most of the time, it is counterproductive and worsens the state of an affected person with ever increasing speed. it is a vicious circle of being paralyzed, feeling ashamed of it and guilty for own disengagement, inability to find enough energy to at least do things that you generally like normally, it s worse you completely lost interest in the things you like , being paralyzed from shame and guilt, hating yourself for this lameness, becoming ever more disgusted by your own bad smell and a total disaster on the floor and in the kitchen, feeling dizzy and weak at all times, having a hurting back and ass cheeks from spending days in bed, losing all respect for yourself and hope for improvement, wanting to give up and to end the pain. you are a burden. you are a disgrace. you are worthless. you have no purpose. your existence does not make any sense. you are a waste of resources. you are a disappointment. your parents must be ashamed of you. they should regret bringing you to the world. you will never produce anything meaningful. you will never change anything. you mean nothing. you are a lab rat in the obstacle race in an endless labyrinth. you were born a slave to the indifferent capitalist feudalistic world system. you will never find your place in the society. all spots are occupied. even the untouchable ones. but you are nothing special. you don t even have the guts to slip down the social ladder and join the untouchables in protest against the system. fuck the system remains just a graffiti on the platform of a subway station. you are a fucking joke. this is an approximation of the thinking patterns typical of a depressive episode. they dance in circles in your head, every day. they hold hands and take turns in solo parts. they exhaust you. you wake up with them and you go to sleep with them. you cry when you fall asleep. you cry when you wake up. day after day. slowly you develop a real anxiety for answering phone calls. they terrify you. people want something from you. we don t want that. opening the mail box becomes a real nightmare. you spend days pursuaiding yourself to open your mail account or to open your post box. you stop answering text messages. you are tired of lying that you are doing fine. you are not fine. during the depression, i take a pause of silence. i cut my connections to the outer world and go inside myself. i need that time free of background noises and external advice to keep hearing my thoughts. this is the time when i re evaluate my knowledge and values. regarding this, three semi cool metaphors come to my mind. winter tree depression looks like a tree in a night of winter sleep. that very deep and dreamless slumber. though, how would we know? they might as well watch nightmares, which could compete with the saw, or i spit on your grave. it is sad and does not bring joy to anyone. to some, it might even look ugly. sometimes, decomposing fall foliage that cover the decaying human and animal feces with a soft fluffy coat smell bad. i mean, really bad. you better keep on moving. the tree stops interacting with the surrounding life. birds abandoned their nests and no longer sing on its branches. it lost all its leaves and stays alone for the rest of the winter. it might appear that it is cold or dead. it is winter that makes its skin harden and darken. it becomes raw and thick. or we could look at it differently. winter can be beautiful. i love winter. it is my favorite season. in germany, winter is usually gray and wet. the wind is brutal, you don t want to go outside. the gray sky weighs heavy on your head. you are cold. on those days, i often must think of winter in russia. with a nostalgic smile and a sharp wrench in my heart, i see my way home, my parents house, a rare artifact of russian wooden architecture that survived the revolution of 1917, on a peaceful winter night. the sky was beautifully painted in the darkest and deepest blue. twinkling stars were magically winking at me. the way home from the bus stop was a thin stamp white trail in the snow. it lied between two snowbanks, as high as your knees. tiny snow flakies sparkled in the soft orange light of the lanterns along the road. like in a slow motion, the snow was falling on my palms and in my mouth in huge fluffy flakies. it was christmas magic. no vehicles were driving by. it was so silent, that the only sound that sent waves into the space was crispy and squeaky snow under my heavy winter boots. i was the happiest i could be. inevitably, the spring comes. and the tree that was asleep just yesterday, wakes up and gets more beautiful than ever. it gives birth to fresh crispy green leaves, it grows more branches which are strong and flexible. the new ones make the tree bigger and older. it hosts more nests and attracts more birds to sing on its branches in the early morning when the sun rises. it amazes more people, they enjoy being around the tree. people go outside and spend time in its shadow. they arrange pick nicks under its thick coat of leaves, laugh, eat and take pictures. more animals and kids play on the tree s branches. some might even build a small cabin on them, which will become a young kid s secret escape into the magical world of their dreams. in russia, they have a tradition of hugging a tree. it is believed that the tree would suck up all of the negativity and charge you with positive energy. many people even have their special tree, which suits their personality. some prefer the pine tree, others the oak tree. lime trees and birches are popular as well. then the fall approaches. the facade starts cracking, the leaves are falling off. everything is getting browner and rainier. slowly, everyone left the tree behind. birds headed off south to have a sex vacation, people are running from box to box hiding under an umbrella. it's winter again. current view from from kitchen last spring, i had a crazy idea that i can be an artist. so in a creative madness i decorated the only tree in our backyard with pieces of my old linen. and then died it with acrylic paint. i conceptualized it as a memory tree. because my linen kept memories of nearly everything and outlived a lot of relationships and tragedies. now, my roommate says, it is the only thing that reminds him of joy in the whole backyard. computer game depression is like a progressing computer game. you need to die so many times until you learn the lesson and get to the next level. sometimes, when the level is hard, it gets frustrating and exhausting at some point. you lose interest and give up on the game. and when you do that, you stop playing the game and stop unlocking the next levels. that's a metaphor of the suicide. suicide is the worst possible side effect of mental illnesses. it should rightfully be taken seriously. real suicide last summer, a fellow member from the self help group, which i regularly visit, jumped off a roof. she left two kids behind. she was young and had a special outlook on the world, which she lived in photography. she had been deeply depressed since march, when i saw her for the first time, which was the first time i visited a group meeting. in the flash round, she cried. she said, she could not bear it anymore, that she just wanted to give up. i felt that. i felt her pain. i knew too well those two sentences. there comes a time when only those two are left. and you just cry and say them over and over again. i wanted to give her a warm hug and to let her cry on my shoulder. but we didn't know each other. so, i had to restrain. at the end of may, she committed suicide. it shook deeply the whole group. it became so apparent that this is how the game ends for us. many of us were deeply grieving. up to 17 of people with bipolar disorder will take their lives as a result of their illness, making it the 1 cause of premature death in people with this disorder. women attempt suicide about 3 times more often than men, although men are 4 times as likely to complete suicide. people with bipolar disorder are 2x more likely to attempt suicide than someone with a unipolar disorder. in a review of deaths of individuals with bipolar disorder from 1936 1988, 19 of 9,389 deaths were found to be because of suicide. ctrl c ctrl v from the listing40 profound bipolar disorder suicide statistics. source healthresearchfunding.org at her funeral on july 3rd, i was brokenhearted. i was late because it had taken me quite a time to choose the right black shirt and trousers. dresses seemed too festive to me. i was nervous, it was my first funeral in germany. it was my first suicide funeral. it was my first mental health funeral. the chapel was crowded. i stood leaning on the cold wooden door. i breathed heavily and needed time to process. i had never seen so many people attending a funeral. those are small and private in russia unless you are some kind of famous or rich. i counted some 250 people. all grieving. some crying. speeches were boring and long. also, swampy and sticky. i was outraged when the priest said, we cannot know why she left. it will remain a mystery forever. i wanted to scream. i wanted to scream so loud so that he would stop talking. how dare you say that we don't know why she jumped off the roof? how dare you indifferently pass the verdict that it will remain a mystery? i wanted to scream. or to leave the chapel and slam the door. but i couldn't leave. i needed to stay. i owed it to her. i started crying. i couldn't stop. tears ran in deep rivers down my cheeks. i didn't have a napkin. i couldn't bear the ceremony, but i couldn't go either. in the chapel across the columns, her family hung out on a string her photographs for the visitors to take away as a memory of her. i waited for most people to take one and leave the chapel. by the time i came up to the string with hanging photographs, i only had three left to choose from. i picked a very bleak image of a closed backyard, probably taken from a balcony on some fourth floor, on a clouded winter day. it was bleak. like depression that kills us. i took it to remember this. the weather outside was good and sunny. it seemed totally out of place in the given context. the sun brutally burned my shoulders in the black shirt. i hate the sun. i hate everything when there is the sun. it blinds me, makes me sweaty and hot, and gives me headaches. also, it burns my skin. so, no reason to love it. as i stood in line to throw my flower into the grave, i spent my time hating the sun. in that moment, i didn't realize how much this day would impact me. her name was verena. depression directly after the funeral, i fell into the deepest, darkest and the coldest well of depression. none of the previous episodes could come close to this one in severity. i was tired, i was failing on all fronts. i had ten days left to write my master's thesis, after which i had to go to russia for three weeks i deserved a vacation. i had been in a manic phase when i invited my then partner's mom to come to visit russia with me. also, i didn't know how i was going to pay my bills. verena's death was the trigger. when it became clear that i would not be able to finish my thesis before the deadline and that i needed an extension, it was too late to cancel the trip. christoph's my ex mom had already made all the reservations. i didn't want to go there. i had a bad feeling. i wanted to stay home and close off myself from the angry, cruel world. but i rarely change plans. so, i went. i arrived in moscow already at my worst. the first thing that i did upon arrival was buying a battery of alcoholic beverages and red bull cans to keep me going. this way i was going to write my thesis and to finish it by august 3rd. good plan, destined for success. i worked, but much more i drank, smoked and had severe headaches. a bad state to write your thesis. my next step was to keep myself awake by the cocktail vodka red bull, with a lot of vodka and a lot of red bull. three all nighters, four cigarette packs. i came forward. but the body never forgives. then christoph's mother came. for a whole week, i needed to guide, to entertain and to translate for her. she was nearly helpless without me. she didn't know the language, people often didn't speak english and she wasn't very well at that either. most importantly, she couldn't plan her program by herself. and she needed company by nearly any activity she undertook. a rich touristic program requires to get up early and to go to bed late. i was getting exhausted. i gave out all my energy, even the emergency generator. burned all calories. no spoons left. i still needed to finish my thesis. so again all nighters, again red bull. with the only difference i increasingly preferred watching tv shows over writing the thesis. and i couldn't wake up. i turned into a horrible host and an indifferent individual. i could not wait for her to leave. a shameful thought, but i could not ban it from my thinking feed. i was anticipating my trip to saint petersburg, the time in a summery st. petersburg, which everyone is talking about. i wanted to fall in love with st. petersburg too. i was excited to see sonya, my dear friend by coincidence. she is an architecture enthusiast and gives brilliant city tours. instead, i locked myself up in her room for the whole week of my stay. i only came out of the room to either visit the bathroom or smoke a cigarette. much more seldom it was because of the food. i was starving. worse, i was deadly afraid to go outside. i was afraid of people and public space. i went outside only to buy cigarettes or alcohol, only at night and only in sonya's company. what was i doing behind the closed doors the whole week? i was watching a tv show. over and over again. until i exhaust myself and pass out. sometimes sonya forced me to work on my thesis, and i did. but more often i watched tv series, not wrote my thesis. in this fashion, i spent my last week before the deadline. i failed. self explanatory. i went to my psychiatrist and first thing cried a quarter hour. i was the worst failure in the history of failures. he gave me a sick leave until the end of october. i had time to crawl out of the deep stinky rabbit hole i had accidentally fallen into. so back to the pink fluffy unicorns i, for example, like to play two dots. it's an endless game which gets ever more complicated. being depressed i spent hours solving new problems and trying to unlock a new level. eventually, i would give up and even delete the app from my phone. but then occasionally, i would install it again and start it all over. because deleting the app did not kill the small worm who wants salvation from unresolved problems. lighthouse stairs lastly, depression is like a brief stop on the endless stairs leading to the top of a lighthouse. you take upon this torture because of the view that it rewards you with in the end. the way up there is at times unbearable and brutal to your lungs and leg muscles. the space is tight, and the air is bad. normally, the stairs are also crowded af, if we take a tower in a city hall or a cathedral. so, taking a short breath break is like a lottery. when you do get a chance, you would bow putting your hands on your knees. you breathe heavily and your face is red. you get no air, your lungs hurt, your leg muscles are sore. looking either up or down makes you dizzy, and your feet sweat with tiny ice cold drops. in that moment you question your sanity in deciding to punish yourself with these stairs. you now see the promised view in relation to your suffering. you re evaluate the price performance ratio. and the results are not in favor of the view. but the stream of people on the stairs keeps moving. in most cases, it carries you away, again and again upwards. maybe the saddest thing about this is that in most cases you barely spend ten minutes on the roof of the tower. you briefly enjoy the view. sometimes the view is disappointing. the weather was bad, gray clouds covered the city with a thick ceiling. the wind was strong and freezing. your hair was flying around and got in your eyes and your mouth. it might be dirty and noisy upstairs. even better, if you are afraid of height. in most cases, it's pretty crowdy on top. people are pushing each other, trying to get the best view. no one is talking to each other. it is understandably very upsetting. you take pictures from all possible angles anyways and go downstairs. the way down seems much shorter than the way up. you easily run downstairs asking yourself whether the view was worth the trouble. you don't know. sometimes though, you might give up halfway through and turn back. similar to the computer game wormy, we have a tower wormy. every once in a while, it bites a little bit off your achievement organ and crawls inside your thinking organ. then you forget about it only to remember again sometime later. hope now, going back to my introduction, when i wrote that during the depression, i try to understand my mistakes and to learn lessons from them so that i will never repeat them again. in manic phases, which in my case normally follow depressive episodes, i challenge myself to act upon my new knowledge and imperatives. i need to do that to prove myself that i learned the lesson and deserve redemption. i am my strongest critic. i need to forgive myself to move on, not the forgiveness of the others. i pass my own judgment on my actions. because i know best all my motifs and thoughts. and before i ultimately forgive myself, i ask for forgiveness people that i hurt. not formally to check the box, but genuinely and humbly. nb! i did not intend to romanticize depression with these metaphors, or worse, to implicate that i have the cure to depression. depression is a serious, brutal disease that tragically changes people's lives, and sometimes ends them. therefore, i do not recommend terminating your prescription meds, if you are affected by depression or other mental health issues. i take a bunch of those on a daily basis. however, i do not propagate for taking medication either. whatever works for you best is best for your health. invest time into exploring those ways. it always pays off. if you are affected by depression if you are affected by depression, allow yourself time to recover. my former therapist used to say if you want to lie on the couch, lie on the couch . that's the best advice i can give you. when you are well, you won't lie on the couch anyways. take your time. there is no hurry when it comes to health. second advice is to start slow and small. make your bed. it's challenging enough. don't be ashamed of feeling like taking a shower or doing laundry because you have nothing left to wear is mount everest or mount weather rofl . it's okay. all people with depression share this mess and this shame. i think we should talk about this more, to support each other. so again, start small. make your bed. it's enough. third thing, your depression procrastination pays off. hundreds if not thousands of hours that i spent on youtube watching beauty tutorials, buzzfeed videos and in depth analyses of each game of thrones episode, eventually make up for the wasted time. at some point, you'll be able to connect the dots and turn that netflix binge madness into something meaningful. lastly, if you have suicidal thoughts, get help immediately. tell people about this. tell them how you feel. don t be silent. they care. get any help that s available and acceptable to you medical, religious, anonymous hotline, support group, parents, friends anything will do. however, suicidal tendencies without a doubt qualify for a good reason to make an appointment with a psychiatrist. this is how i got diagnosed. i needed to get suicidal first to notice that something is not right. if you are close to an affected person if you are close to an affected person, give them time. recovery is a gradual process. be patient and supportive. they know that they have problems with hygiene, that their room looks like an aftermath of the nuclear war, that they haven't done the dishes in weeks. it's alright. if you can, help them. if you can't, leave them. time will come when they get up and do all the dishes and laundry in one go. here, the spoon theory is a great illustration of this particular face of depression shoutout to anja osypova . it is a metaphor that is used to explain the reduced amount of mental and physical energy available for activities of living and productive tasks that may result from disability or chronic illness. the term spoons are a visual representation used as a unit of measure in order to quantify how much energy a person has throughout a given day. it was coined by christine miserandino in 2003 in her essay the spoon theory. according to her theory, each activity requires a given number of spoons, which will only be replaced as the person recharges through rest. a person who runs out of spoons has no choice but to rest until their spoons are replenished. however, people with chronic diseases ... and various disabilities may have sleep difficulties. this can result in a particularly low supply of spoons. ctrl c ctrl v from wikipedia i hear people call each other tenderly spoony. i think it's cute. so, love your spoony, they can be adorable. my former partner christoph used to literally drag me out of bed every day when i was at my lowest. he woke me up with the best good morning youtube playlist and started by shaking all my body parts. it was very funny and so i started my day with a smile. then he asked me what i wanted to wear. in most cases, i said dragon. i wanna be a dragon. so, he went into my room and brought the dragon, socks, and slippers. he took one foot out of the blanket and stroke it. then he put a sock on it. when he was done with the second foot, he would start putting the dragon on me, while i was still lying flat. anyway, it was funny. i laughed a lot. next, he would put me straight up and finish dressing me up as a dragon. i was ready to start a new day. tell them that you love them and that you believe in them. you might need to repeat it everyday. it is crucial to regularly give the person in depression encouraging affirmation and to cheer them up. on most days in depression, i cry at least once a day. i feel hopeless and worthless. i see no exit in the darkness. my partner was there to console me too. he hugged me, let me cry into his shirt and told me over and over again what i achieved and that i can do more. once i was about to meet an elderly friend of mine who is usually very proud of me and thinks highly of me. i grew to perceive her appreciation as high expectations. it put a lot of pressure on me. i was afraid not to meet the standards. so, this time, being deep in depression, i got so anxious so that i wanted to cancel the plans. every time i thought about it, i started crying and couldn't calm down. i felt like a complete failure. but canceling the plans would be a typical failure too. so, i had nothing left to do but to cry. christoph took an a4 notebook and started going through the recent months with me. he asked me what i did in march, april, may, june, july, and august. unexpectedly, it turned out that i had done a lot of things and worked a lot of jobs. at least on paper. so, we decided that we killed my worst enemy i had things to tell about. my plan was to take a shower, put something semi fancy on and just force myself outside. i would just recite from the chart christoph and i had made earlier and that would do it. fake it till you make it. it wouldn't be me if i hadn't blown up my own plan. soon enough into my report, i got annoyed by the necessity to keep up the facade. so, i told the three ladies that i felt like a piece of shit and that i had been feeling like shit for months and that i didn't see any light at the end of the tunnel. i told them about my disorder, how i got diagnosed, how long it took me to find the medication that's right for me, that i went to a self help group and that i found friends there. i felt relieved. and the ladies were again amazed by my honesty and strength. of course, i thought that i didn't deserve it, but it was a huge relief, nevertheless. epilogue as far as christoph is concerned, so that you don't think that i am the luckiest girl in the world which i was should be rightly noted that he broke up with me three weeks ago. he couldn't deal with my illness any longer. and i let him go because he deserves it. i am deeply grateful for the time he spent next to me, feeding me off the spoon and putting the dragon on me. but i cannot force this burden on anyone. author sasha khrenova depression suicide bipolar you can find this essay on facebook if you want to share it. it would be appropriate due to my authorship. also, it has pictures.
manic for 6 months ending up in jail where i had a suicide attempt. 38m. february 2022, i finalized my divorce. i had been trapped in a dysfunctional marriage for 7 years. during those years, i was incredibly stable, but incredibly over medicated. towards the end when things were at their worst, i was alone self medicating with alcohol. during those years, i was on venlafaxine, seroquel, and lamotragine. in february, with a fresh start to life, i started exercising and eating better. i stayed away from my phone and computer, and i would go out and socialize. i started looking better and feeling better. knowing the side effects of the meds, i started tweaking the dosages. seroquel in particular is incredibly sedating, so i thought i could go down a natural route, managing my bipolar with healthy stress management. i saw improvements. i had more energy, my rest was better. i kept lowering the dosages and kept seeing improvements with my mood and energy. i was aware of the risk of mania, so i was very acute in getting enough sleep, and if i needed to, i would use seroquel more as a prn. fast forward to june, and this slope lead me to a path where i was completely off all medication. i was making strides in all areas of my life. in particular, my relationship with my daughter. we were having a blast and an incredible start to the summer with my motivation and optimism for life. all while this was happening, i was keeping watch on my mania, never denying that it could pop up at some point. it would be about when july hit that the first occurrences of mania became apparent in retrospect but wasn't obvious or out of control at the time. it was the beginnings of losing touch with reality. passing interactions with other people, i would sometimes get a hint that i had a larger purpose. but they were fleeting and rare, so i didn't take notice. by the end of july, i was semi regularly battling against these thoughts that the strangers i would come across would be part of a conspiracy, and that there was some purpose behind their being there. i was in conflict with myself. 90 of me didn't believe it, and thought it was ridiculous, 9 thought that it was my duty to be humble with getting recognition and attention, and 1 was feeding into the delusion. by the end of august, i was getting exhausted with the notion of being at the center of everything. i hated the idea that i had to be studied, admired, and protected. i knew that something was happening on the outside world, and i didn't know if i was seen as a reconciler of religion, science, and all cultures. i was seen as the person to bring the whole world together and the inspiration of a movement that could potentially solve any problem. it was seen as the opportunity for aliens to finally make their presence known. by the end of september, i knew there were reasons that the movement couldn't directly come to light to me, and i being in a sort of partnership with the movement, i started giving my personal belongings away. i would donate my clothes, my coin collection, my golf clubs, my old baseball glove, and most of my other stuff. it was my belief that each item would go to a person in need, and every item would be cherished by someone. i sort of expected to get something in return, but never did of course. or if i did, i stole it thinking i was meant to steal it. i was also writing and doing art at this point, which i was also leaving behind on purpose in public places. when october rolled around, i quit my job because when the world was following me, i saw my job as a way for me to feel normal for a while. i didn't want to give up my old life, but i had a higher calling. it would have been around october 24th when i was completely exhausted from all of this. i couldn't handle the pressure. i couldn't handle the fact that most of me still didn't believe this shit, but that brainwashing propaganda part of the brain that kept feeding me these thoughts, i was exhausted fighting that all those months. i had the idea to go find some weed. i never smoked it before in my life. so, i went to a vape store and asked if they had anything that could get me high. they gave me a canister and a battery. i didn't look at it or do any research because with everything being planted and all information to my phone being filtered, there was no point. i went home, and smoked it. i went into a panic immediately. thinking i was going to die, i called an ambulance. they came but they didn't seem too concerned when they got here. i was getting frustrated because they weren't taking this emergency seriously. i was out of my mind psychotic. i fell to the floor devolving from a human to a werewolf, to smaller and smaller mammals up to and including being a microorganism. i remember going offline and coming back online a few times. i remember seeing a coordinate graph where the line kept splicing off the edge, and it felt like i kept dying. it felt like i was shedding timelines where i actually died there, but i kept surviving in this one. i remember being in the bed in the ambulance with the emt, and he would turn from male to female, and i wrestled with the idea of male and female at the most abstract level almost like properties of the universe . i remember re living my life organized in different ways, and coming back to the emt each time, thinking that this is the infinite cycle of existence. i have only small fragments after that, but apparently i had a freak out moment in the hospital, and they saw it as me being aggressive to one of the personnel. i was arrested, handcuffed, and brought to jail, charged with a felony, simple assault on emergency personnel. in jail, my parents were not willing to bail me out without being on meds. the jail system here is completely dysfunctional, and there's basically no mental health support, so there was no way for me to get on my meds. after about 3 days living in an open dorm situation, the other inmates took notice of my behavior and obvious mental health issues. they're bored and destructive people, so they preyed on my mental weakness, and i stayed strong as best i could. i can't go into every thought i had, but there was a night that i thought my family was kidnapped and were being tortured and murdered one by one. the inmates were feeding the thoughts, and when it got to my daughter, i couldn't hear anymore. i went into the bathroom, got as high as i could about 8 feet , jumped, and pushed off the ceiling trying to land my head on the concrete. i didn't lean back far enough and landed on my spine. the pain was intense and i threw up the shampoo, soap, and cleaner that i drank about an hour earlier. i shit my pants and was writhing in pain. the officers rushed in to check things out. i pleaded for them to shoot me telling them it will save my daughter. i kept begging them to do it. they told me to get up. walking to suicide isolation, i felt reassured that what i did put an end to them murdering my family. i was in suicide watch for 20 days, which, if someone weren't suicidal, would make someone. i had no clothes but a velcro towel, and i had to shit in a hole and smash the turd down with my foot so it would go through the bars. i couldn't have more than a few squares of toilet paper. nothing to read. my bed was the concrete. i'm not complaining because it is what it is. it's jail and i was there. but what was the worst part is the back pain lying on the concrete. no position felt good, it was simply finding the least painful position and last as long as i could before that became too much, and just keep shuffling to find something that's tolerable for just a moment. after 28 days, there were enough people who got involved that i was finally able to get released on bail with a treatment order. i got back on my meds, and i've been on them since. i've slipped into a real bad depression. the charges were dropped 10 days ago. i'm resuming my job search it's impossible to find a job with 'assault' on your record . the arrest itself can still be found if an employer does a certain background check, but nothing i can do about that. i slipped into drinking semi regularly, but i've pulled out of that the last 2 weeks. all in all, i'm holding on by a thread, but there is hope. oh, i forgot that the night of the incident. i had all my money, 20k dollars in cash, stolen from my apartment. i have no proof, but my intuition tells me that one of the officers took it when they were searching my apartment.
creating a transcendental platform for transcending bipolarity transmutation ascension, lucid dreaming hybrid mindset voyagers 24 7, intellectual light warrior soular empowerment, starseeds, otherkin, mind voyagers, mediums amp psychics, merkaba ascension 5d, dimension shifters, future earth discord manage and transcend the negative effects of bipolar, and boost the positive potentials https www.reddit.com r lightwarriorascension https www.reddit.com r lightwarriorascension https discord.gg prvxjak https discord.gg prvxjak https disboard.org server 539367976806383616 https disboard.org server 539367976806383616 amp x200b comprehensive introductory information to the community, discord server and internal chatrooms mission objective on gaia amp x200b at the shift of ages, and the arrival of the age of aquarius, golden age as we battle the last inner and outer demons of the kali yuga age of pisces, this transition time is like no other. a powerful incentive, a leap of faith take the first step make the quantum leap, the interdimensional shift and enter the lightning grid amp x200b psychic tools, trainings, intent, purpose documentations, pantheon and mentorship guidance for otherkin and humans alike all in one. ?free speech, absolute tolerance for mutual respect and natural equality circles of responsibility but nonhierarchy . ?diverse environment, rapidly expanding, work in progress pantheon for the golden age with widest assortments of deities helping out. friendly and helpful staff whose best interest is to serve your growth and cooperate on creative works your development. ? knowledge on esoteric transcendental topics generally not discussed shunned overlooked disregarded labeled as forbidden or far fetched knowledge by others metaphysics spirit science, free energy, universal law, light body process, central nervous system rewiring, dna upgrade, cosmic origin, obscure d truths, connected dots and converging rivers . convert friendly encouraging ex religious ones for the one source path of the truth seeker lightwarriors workers starseeds otherkin enlightened human old or mature souls motto strength in unity, collaboration versus illusion of separation various high quality reddit youtube no nonsense channeling websites news video post feeds of spiritual esoteric cosmic theme weavesilk avantgarde spirit art. interactive generative art subliminal, angelic demonic divine, spiritual source channeling and through the higher aspects of self outside of the boundaries of the human psyche box confines. surreal, intricate shapes including the semblance of elements of gothic dark fantasy, with multiple meanings will be created on the screen and you will recognize your ability to master your soul mind interaction as well, as i fill the screen with this magical stream of thoughts with a natural flow. soul sciencetechnology amp source transmissions. logos god, elohim, doctor, scientist, amp architect of the age of aquarius. multiversal starseed community. come join your star families and twin souls, or otherwise join and commune on the older site with archived content in the interim period soul technology higher self descent to physical vessel production of dmt internally without the use of physical substance and unlock spirit molecule sections encouraging to showcase your work media documents arts, personal photos a place of unconditional love and growth for starseeds, indigos, human angels and walk ins' to reunite with their long lost star family and soul mates. server voice chat option for those interested server map for ease of access with descriptions and guidelines for each topic accessibility our own e literature growing library of pdf e books and links , videos, multi media and psychic tools, image works not available anywhere else and written crafted made authored exclusively by us. mainstream launch mid february with over 340 members and counting logos god, elohim, doctor, scientist, amp architect of the age of aquarius. futuristic amp future oriented community dedicated to the universal law, spirit science, soul technologies and extraterrestrial soul origins a joint planetwide effort for reconstructing the new pantheon for the golden age of aquarius, fusing the ancient with the new influx past with the future to create the new present in the now with the help of deities and entities of various origins. spirituality, lightworkers, ascension. amp x200b we are highly focused and streamlined, yet loose and flexible effortless effort being the motto . our basic aim quintessence is to harness all available energies to create an interdimensional rift gate to haven that can propel us to 5th dimension and beyond while still connected to earth but ultimately undergoing physical transfiguration, also fueled by the bowels of the earth likewise as above so below which constructs a beastly cyclotron that irons out certain unwanted specific frequency sets, diminishes their influence on the collective. amp x200b as soon as humanity unites on this planet, it will qualify to establish contact with other more advanced civilizations, such as the agarthans and those from the gf. in fact the agarthans and some ascended masters such as st. germain will already help us run the cities of light and the numerous healing centres which will manifest very soon all over the globe. the next step will be visiting other civilizations, but this could only happen after the incarnated human personality has completed the lbp and has ascended at least to 5d by transfiguring from a carbon based body into crystalline light body. the three cities of light will be open portals to the multiverse and to numerous advanced humanoid, and later on, other civilisations, such as the dragons. alone this fact will make the existence of national states and nations obsolete as all the people will recognize their multidimensional nature and will strive to ascend too and be able to live in these cities of light and enjoy the advantages of a higher dimensional life. in the first place, they will enjoy the healing possibilities there which will help all humans advance rapidly in their lbp and also ascend. source http www.stankovuniversallaw.com http www.stankovuniversallaw.com amp x200b you see, nothing is ever just about one thing. we are not just sharing information with you. we are also preparing you for contact. now, all of the other beings from the other star systems that are connecting with you all through the various channels that you have there on earth are doing the same thing. and certainly those who channel faeries are readying you for more interactions with the fae. we are excited to witness the coming together of humanity and the arcturian beings that you will be meeting in the flesh. now, of course, some have already established connections with physical arcturian beings. a full and open contact with the fourth and fifth dimensional beings who are from our little star system. source www.danielscranton.com https www.danielscranton.com amp x200b keywords spirituality, starseeds, occult, esoteric, lightworker, light warrior, spiritual awakening, light body, soul technology, quantum, lucid dreaming, astral projection, psychic, chaos magic, otherkin, bilocation, golden age, mentor, indigo, crystalline, human angels, transliminal souls, walk ins, lucid dream, mental projection, multilocation amp x200b
insights from over two years of custom mood tracking so much data some background statistics are needed to understand these interpretations, and i'll do the most basic explanation i can to make it most accessible while risking misrepresenting it if you want to get pedantic and explain it better in the comments, go ahead . the explanations are in the footnotes below. my mood over the past two years has improved slightly but overall stayed about the same. an average mood of 64.76 for 2016 and 64.91 for 2017, that's something. 576 days out of 741 77 of days felt more good than bad. i spent 92 days in the last two years with a mood lower than 40 12 of the 741 days i spent 15 days severely depressed 2 i spent 8 days with strong suicidal feelings and 3 days actively pursuing suicide i spent 159 days with a mood above 80 . 57 were in 2017, 99 were in 2016, and the remainder were in either 2015 or 2018, for which few days have been recorded. i spent 24 days euphoric mood 90 i spent 8 days on top of the world euphoric mood gt 92 my mood had a standard deviation of 18.86 percentage points for 2016 and 15.60 percentage points for 2017, i've gotten more stable. a full time job does that i guess. so does no longer having the tribulations of terminal cancer in your life. my happiest days of the last two years were all in 2016 lower standard deviation suggested as much an emphatic thank you to the redditor behind 8 14 16 being one of them my custom manic rating scale suggests i spent 34 days in 2017 some kind of manic 9.3 and 51 days in 2016 some kind of manic 14 getting off lowers my stress levels and increases my mood each orgasm reduces my perceived stress by 3 percentage points. with a p value of under .001. with mean stress levels of 35.7 , that's about an 8.4 difference per orgasm. each orgasm also raises my mood by about 3 percentage points, for a typical increase of 4.7 per orgasm. each 1 out of 10 point increase in my stress levels increases my anxiety on average by 4 percentage points. with mean anxiety levels of 28 that's a 14 difference per point. the effects of alcohol on my mood are unclear. my mood tracker strongly suggests p lt .001 i drink more when i feel good, but the direction of causality here is likely such that i drink because i feel good rather than because it makes me feel good. the data isn't of a nature that can tell me how it affects me during the duration of alcohol. it's clear there isn't sufficient evidence to strongly support the hypothesis that alcohol makes me in particular depressed. sleep plays a highly significant role in minimizing stress and anxiety, with p values of .01 and .03 respectively and meaningful correlation coefficients. weed improves my mood by .624 percentage points per level of r trees high ness scale. with a p value of .019 and a mean mood of 64.84, that's about a 1 improvement per point of highness. at a total high, that's a 10 increase in mood and a very high likelihood of experiencing some psychosis . at a moderate high, that might be a 5 increase in mood. in other words weed definitely improves my mood overall, but at level other factors are still very important. it's worth noting that the percentage increase in mood is different based on the baseline mood, if i'm at a suicidal depression typical such mood around 15 1 is most suicidal ever on my scale , a 10 point increase in mood is actually an increase in mood of 67 . i actually used weed the last time i was suicidal to get out of those feelings and it helped me. weed is risky and makes some of us psychotic and can make us depressed. use it with caution if at all. weed increases my sleep. with an average night's sleep lasting 7.96 hours and an increase of .045 hours per point of the r trees high ness scale, for a very strong high increasing my hours slept by a half hour this is probably weaker than it should be because of an alarm weed impairs my cognition. p value lt .002 weed causes me psychosis with a p value of less than .001. typically the psychosis hasn't been severe, so it's something i've continued. it's not helping me, but that's why they call it a vice. i drank a bit more in 2017 than 2016 thanks to a bender around july where i learned to cope with boredom better 1.24 drinks per day vs 1.1 drinks per day , but i've had two drinks in 2018 for an average of .18 drinks per day. i intend to drink again, but i'm giving my liver a break for the time being. things this teaches the effects of substance use are complicated and hard to measure. i deliberately minimized my analysis of alcohol because so few of my tests demonstrated statistical significance. from anecdotal observation i can tell you i've learned it increases the effects of stress on my body and can exacerbate either depression or mania, but that it helps me feel connected to friends. you may benefit in one way but be hurt in another. it's a lot to keep track of, and probably more than my mood tracker can keep track of and it has 17 columns with 11 variables! sleep and meds make a world of difference mood trackers are only as informative as your data, so if you want to see how substances affect you, you've gotta track it measurably. a support network and friends can make a world of difference learned through observation and verified with it, but still meds definitely help pretty dumbed down statistics p value is most basically explained as the likelihood of occurring due to chance with 1 meaning 100 and 0 meaning couldn't randomly occur at all i know this isn't quite right, but this is a simplification . r squared is how well an algorithm explains the data. a high r squared means a regression has high explanatory power. 1 is a perfect fit, 0 is no fit. beta is the strength of a correlation. if my mood is measured on a 100 point scale and one unit of sleep changes my mood by 6 points, then sleep would have a beta of 6. standard deviation is a descriptor for the amount of variation in a data set. if everything is close to average, it's got a low standard deviation. if everything is very disparate, it will have a high sd. edit thought i had percent and percentage point confused somewhere but was wrong so i fixed it twice, oops. edit 2 i wanted to share it but was feeling too worn out to set up a new one for you guys, but u glitter beast reminded me i posted about it before and had a dropbox saved file for it https www.reddit.com r bipolarreddit comments 6mmchn making a mood tracker how i did it why you might . i updated the one i linked in the description there to make it more likely to output possible mania as it seemed to fail at this , corrected an error that was getting in the way of accurate alcohol related depression results, and changed the dates to be for 2018 edit 3 the biggest thing i might change for yourself if i was you would be the role of your sex drive in your manic rating. most people don't keep the same baseline libido as i do, and plenty of people don't have their libido as a very strong indicator of mania.
just ask for help isn't working i am curse word struggling. amp x200b background i have been diagnosed by a pcp since 2012 with mdd, gad. in 2016, i started seeing a male pcp in the south who told me he would handle my diagnosis unless he felt i needed to see a specialist. he changed me from celexa to a high dose of prozac, increased my seroquel, put me on upto 9 xanax a day, as well as klonpin. diagnosed me with adhd, and started adderall. he changed my meds a few times saying i did not need to wean off or on as they were in the same family....i ended up in er twice. had several manic breakdowns hysterical fits i didn't consider bipolar at the time , lost time....then over christmas, he left and the other dr refused to process my xanax refill and i went through 2 weeks of withdrawal. when he returned, he apologized and said, i'm surprised you're here, most people don't make it through that alive without hospitalization....i stopped going outside of needed refills. in 2018, i had no insurance and my partner and i decided i would probably be okay going off meds for a bit, and use cannabis legal here as the previous dr had suggested. amp x200b that is when things got bad. my symptoms blew up, and i started changing i also turned 25 . i've never been an angry person, not even when i should be. all of a sudeen i couldn't make it through work. i couldnt think. my moods were changing, and i would have a week or two, and then literally not be able to do anything for weeks. the house started getting messier, i wasn't cooking or eating, canceling shifts left and right, couldn't think or read through anything....my partner started expressing conern over my need to at least get back on seroquel and adderall . in august, our dog died traumatically. ptsd symptoms fllared. my partner has bpd, anxiety, and depression that is not medicated. his anxiety sending me into full panic attacks and anger. amp x200b i got insurance this year, and january i requested an appointment with a pcp. she immeadiately referred me to a psychiatrist and psychologist. first available appointment for therapy is march 25. med appointment with psych not available until april 9. doctor calls and asks for urgent appointments. psych calls and says they can make an exception and get me in on april 7, i decline as 2 days isn't enough to move my off request from work. pcp has me come in to address medicine and for safety checks , mentioning inpatient options. i can't do that. it is not an option. i have laid out my sypmtoms and cited that my sister and father have bipolar disorder. my chart says bipolar 2 suspected but not formally diagnosed, depression, anxiety, adhd nos. amp x200b today i went in, telling her it seems my depression has improved marginally but my anxiety has been horrible and constant. shaking constanty, not sleeping, headaches, and picking my skin on my face and arms worse than i have in a year i skin pick with anxiety . she ups the limotrigene literally making me take more in the office, ultimate goal of upping to 200 mg in two weeks. she puts me back on seroquel, and then tells me she would like to take me off the adderall and wished she had not started it as she attended a conference for patient's in crisis and they expressed the need to treat bipolar or other disorders before adhd and adderall. says it may be part of the anxiety. i tell her i think it is a bad idea as it is the only improvement i have had to mood, ability to get out of bed, and work and it seems to sometimes help the anxiety probably because i can think somewhat clearly. she then tells me to come in next week, and that the psych doc may completely change my meds in two weeks, and he or she may still take me off of adderall. hopes the seroquel will aid in sleep, picking, and anxiety, as well as upping the limotrigine. perscribes me nothing for the panic, constant anxiety, not even refilling the 5 mg of lorazepam she previously would give me 5 10 at a time. to be fair, i told her it wasn't doing much of anything and i did not ask for a refill today thinking she would perscribe something to help me. amp x200b i am completely overwhelmed. i have been screaming for help for months and all i have been able to get from it has been constant med changes which i know is a thing but.... , wants to take me off the only thing that is helping, and just basically having them hope i'll make it through until the med appointment, and checking weekly to see if i have killed myself or been admitted yet. the idea of going off the adderall literally crushed me. the mention of starting completely over was too much. i was literally crying and shaking the entire time i was in the appointment. i didn't ask for this. i am barely holding on. my social life is gone, i can't make any commitment by the time it comes up either from anxiety, depression, or complete exhaustion. i didn't ask for this. i can't enjoy things. i can't breathe or stop shaking. my mouth is twiching from constantly holding it in a weird position to prevent my chin from shaking. i'm falling apart and everyone see's it, but there is nothing they can do? how am i supposed to do this? killing myself wouldn't even matter. it would make everything worse for the people already suffering from me, i'd just be another number on a statistic sheet, and other people would still go through this. i have lost 13 friends, 10 to suicide. one was a fucking psychologist. amp x200b tldr this process of waiting and changing meds while waiting for 3 months for psych is too much. any help appreciated. even just empathy or your experience. thanks lt 3
going to see a new dr. tmrw and hopefully hop back on the med wagon! this is very long and in no way asking for a dx. the whole reason i m booking an appt with a qualified professional tmrw is so i am able to get dxd. this is more of a vent post can anyone tell me about their experiences with mania and the journey to a dx i guess. anyways loooong post under this paragraph. i m on mobile so i apologize for any mistakes. i suspect i have bipolar. my friends suspect i have bipolar. when i first went to a therapist for devoloping issues after i made a very stressful move at 18 and was really struggling, she was the first to suspect bipolar and pushed me to to see a psych. she suspected bipolar due to very impulsive behaviors sexual and dangerous and hallucinations that happened while i smoked. unfortunately i didn t see a psych for a long time. who really knows but i would like for this at least to be considered bc i had a hell of a time last summer and i m probably gearing up for another hell summer if i don t get something straight. i in no way am qualified to diagnose myself of course, and this is mostly so i can get my facts straight to tell the doctor. last summer starting around march, my mood really picked up and i was having delusions, paranoia, psychosis all that good stuff. maybe it was the weed maybe it was something else. i at one point believed the owner of someone i was dogsitting for was secretly filming me from a camera in her bed and her tv. i thought every police man was out to get me. i felt watched all the time. for a straight month i only ate stale kid sized bags of smart popcorn from my trunk and this was before i got kicked out of my house. i never slept more than 2 hours. i got kicked out of my house for smoking weed constanly even though i promised i wouldn t do it again. i drove like a manic, in talking going 100 down i95n any baltimorians here?? y all hit essex and the highway gets all twisty the adrenaline rush was insane at the time was in the middle of a ed relapse and just didn t give a fuck i mean i was planning to buy a dog a car an apartment with absolutely no money. shit me and the friend i was living with had elaborate plans to start a dog grooming business. i quit my job suddenly one night for no real reason and once spent an entire 7 hours filling out loans. in september i bought a car with a loan that hand a ridiculous interest rate and smashed it into a exit sign a week later bc my phone died and i was agitated and got bored i have no idea what this was but thank god im alive bc i totally smashed my car to bits. i was wearing my seatbelt and i joke i m a walking seatbelt ad. at the time i had been on lexapro for about two weeks after seeing a psych and expressing the issues that were going on which she said sounded like anxiety and depression. the doctors in the hospital told me it was anxiety and depression. maybe it is. i would just like some answers. i was in the hospital for six weeks, where they tried out lexapro again and after i had adverse reactions extreme irrabilty, impulsiveness they switched me to prozac and risperdol and dx d me with bpd and let me go. my aunt had bpd but i also have a family history of undiagnosed disorders that caused extreme psychosis, my grandfather used to hear voices and suffered mood swings, but he was black and this was the 60s black people didn t go to the doctor for shit like that they either drank it away or went to church. when i got out i spent 1500 dollars i didn t have on random shit including three tattoos and completly fucked up my credit. i was medicated with a low dose of prozac 20 mg and risperdol .1mg at the time. three weeks later i was so depressed i did nothing but sleep and not eat. i lost ten pounds. they admitted me to the hospital for my ed about a month after i got out of my first hospitalization for the car crash. the psych there said a bpd dx didn t make sense coming from someone who had only known me for abt four weeks and pulled it off my record. she put me on prozac and seroquel but didn t give me a bipolar dx just left it as historical. i was doing okay and moved in with my aunt in texas and had about two weeks where i went off the seroquel bc i couldn t get it refilled. i stopped sleeping again and was just generally euphoric. nothing too crazy i was just very happy and excited and never sleeping and playing sims like a maniac. i stopped taking my seroquel after i got it refilled bc i didn t like the feeling of forced sleep. stopped taking my prozac too cause i just don t give a fuck lol. now i ve been off my meds for about a month and a half and i ve been okay, very impulsive and hyper sexual, making questionable decisions quitting a new job i had for about a week, becoming a cam girl, hopping on tinder but still sleeping. i wanna go back on my meds but i know that after being off seroquel this long i have to wean up to the dose i was on 300mgs cause there s no way i can just start at that high again. anyways anyone else just experience wild ass shit before they got a dx?? even if i m not bipolar i really don t want a repeat of last summer lol. tldr i m trying to go back on my meds and get a dx from a doctor. had a wild ass summer fall last year and just generally did not have a good time. anyone else have trouble with multiple dxs before they settled on one?
don t know if i have borderline personality disorder or bipolar? sorry if my this doesn t come out properly, i feel sometimes as if i have so many things to say, but i don t know exactly what it is to say. this is mostly a venting. when i was a kid, i was diagnosed with depression. i ve mostly felt depressed my entire life due to emotional, physical and sexual abuse growing up. i was always tired, fatigued, i could barely get up in the morning and do things as simple as brushing my hair, taking a shower, eating, etc. after i got married, whenever my husband and i would get into arguments, i would feel so overwhelmed with emotions that i would scream and start to hit him, it literally felt like my mind was going to burst, and sometimes i would place my hands on my head to keep my thoughts from blowing up. but then when i would blow up, i would start screaming and hitting things without any discernible purpose. we just thought i was just an overly emotional person, because we never assumed anything was wrong other than my depression. so we went through several years of that, until a few years ago, i had an emotional affair with someone that literally seemed it came out of nowhere. at that time we started going to a doctor for depression where he also diagnosed me with bipolar depression ? , and anxiety. and then prescribed me, vibryyd, then lamictol, trileptol, zoloft, gabpentin, sorry for the spelling and then finally wellbutrin. not all at the same time just in a period of a year i also went to a therapist who told me to pretty much divorce my husband and at that time i felt like that was the greatest thing to do, so i went through with it up until the paperwork, and then suddenly decided i didn t want to go through with it. around that time i also stopped my affair extremely abruptly it felt like i literally woke up one day and didn t want anything to do with that person and situation. throughout all this time, i ve had about 15 jobs, either quitting or being fired. i would be really happy for months, i would be excellent at my job, then suddenly i felt like doing nothing, i would lose complete interest and that showed in my quality of work. there was also a point where i drank heavily when i had the affair, to the point where i would be drunk everyday. that feeling to get drunk did go away just as quickly as the feeling to have the affair did as well. thankfully my husband and i got through it all, he forgave me and i ve been extremely consistent with my medicine and trying to make things as easy as possible for my mental health. my doctor at that time prescribed me xanax for my anxiety with did not help at all. it made me feel like hell. if i took it and didn t fall asleep immediately after, my body and bones would feel like they were shaking, and my mind felt like everything was sped up even more. this caused me to jump in front of oncoming traffic to kill myself because the pain was just so bad. i wasn t harmed thankfully, but i did get baker acted until i weaned my self off the xanax, which was an incredibly low dose, if i remember correctly. i also put on 20 pound during this time which worsened my depression. after all this, my doctor took me off xanax, and lamictol, and just kept me on a new medicine, wellbutrin cl 300mg i felt great. i suddenly had all the energy in the world, and was able to get up and do things! i did have some depressive days, but they went away fairly quickly. i was really happy, i thought i found the medicine for me! but it stopped working, i got more depressed and at the same time, i found myself getting more and more irritable, my emotions blew up again, i couldn t have arguments without screaming in a rage and hitting myself or my husband, and my anxiety was getting worse to the point of being angry and irritated all the time. instead of going back to the doctor, we found a new one and he pretty much told me that my old doctor was just treating my depression while my bipolar disorder was not in check. so he decreased my wellbutrin to 150mg and gave me back my lamictol and added 25mg of seroquel as a sleep aid. i m happy that this doctor is really trying to fix what the last doctor messed up, but my concern now is that, what if i just have borderline personality disorder instead? someone told me that those people have really intense emotions, which is what i feel now, but i don t want to diagnose myself, when the doctor already told me i have bipolar disorder. i just have a lot of distrust if that makes sense. also this seroquel makes me so drowsy, i sleep 12 hours and all day i feel this grogginess like a zombie almost and i ve only been at 50 mg 25mg. i feel calm and relaxed but it feels like my body is so slow. so i m just worried that this medicine isn t really for me and just another med that will make me lose my mind. i just don t know what to feel or if i m bipolar or just depressed and all this makes my head spin and feel even more hopeless.
do you have phases? i do. i've noticed a structure and pattern of my phases as it relates to my level of brain activity from depression to hypomania. i hope sharing this will clarify these cycles for others. i have a lot of phases of interest. sometimes they reoccur, sometimes they're one offs. it's frustrating to be passionate about something, and then stop. but i know it's because my moods change. i've come to some observations about my phases and even have a little theory about them, although it may just be limited to my case. here's the theory my phases fall into four categories. at the lowest level, there is basic pleasures. some basic pleasures i've had are baseball, harry potter, and disney movies. next there is high pleasure e.g., classical music, jazz music, and shakespeare. then i have phases of personal development losing weight, learning musical skills, learning spanish. finally i have the highest order of phases where i have a sense of duty i've become vegan and buddhist out of this level. i feel like these phases accord to a particular level of brain activity, from low to high. i think everyone falls somewhere on this dimension at a given moment. i also think healthy people have a smaller average range of categories of particular interest some people skew basic to high, some high to personal development, some just are adept at acting on a sense of duty. at least in my case, i run the full gamut. at a depressed level, i have basic interests at a certain level of depression one my have no interest, but i don't get that low . at a hypomanic level, i have a grandiose sense of duty. however, i feel like i have a natural balance. i feel like i have an ideal scope like anyone else, but i have no balance of brain activity. i feel at my most me when i am at a mix of high pleasure and personal development. i've also noticed a pattern of logical progression from disordered to ordered interest in my life. say i start at my healthy level high deveopment. when i approach a sense of runaway personal development, i become grandiose about that development. then i may achieve a personal sense of duty to apply that development. of course, my deveopment only goes so far, and my sense of duty goes farther, so i burn out. then in a depressed mode, i land in basic pleasure. with higher mood after building basic pleasures, i grade them up to high pleasures, from which point i have more confidence in my ability to develop related skills. the cycle restarts. this is very interesting to me, but all i've really done is describe a pattern of disordered mood change in terms of its effects on human interest and concern, and apply conceptions of general human interests and concern in doing so. but i actually think i have a lifestyle tip for myself based on this theory. i'm at the high level of the personal development stage right now, and could approach an abnormal sense of duty. first of all, by recognizing this generalized progression, i can catch any slip ups early, and so can my support circle. but what really interests me is how i can adjust my personal development habits toward a more healthy progression. right now my personal development topic is math. math is an extremely broad topic in terms of range of difficulty and scope. i could get frustrated with basic algebra, or i could obsess over an unsolved problem way out of my league. but i think about another personal development habit i had weight loss. when i lost weight, it was a development of daily regiment, one where i ate a little less every day and gradually lost weight. normally, i have a seasonal peak of hypomania where i have that grandiose duty. after the regimented challenge of losing weight became difficult, i went to a modestly, fairly euthymic basic pleasure. the nature of the challenge didn't involve runaway progress because of how structured it was. applying that lesson to my math development, i could continue to over stress myself with difficult problems, or i could make it a daily grind. i could even get a tutor to make sure i stay on a good track. perhaps i wouldn't have to go to a toxic level of stimulation and go hypomanic, and just cool off, adding a daily practice to my life. thinking this way has opened up some different options about how to deal with my moods, as well as who i really am. i see my doctor tomorrow, and i look forward to discussing these ideas with him. note about high and low pleasures i didn't mean to call anyone's hobby high or low . i think it's completely relative. i think something high for me could be low for someone else. i strongly believe whether a pleasure is high or low, at least in a mental health context, depends on the kind of enjoyment one gets out of it. it's something one can really know if one really asks themselves and is honest.
i suffer from a relationship, i really need help content warning hello people, i am writing to you because i need help. please excuse me first of all because english is not my first language. i am desperate, i am destroyed. i am bipolar and borderline. i am in a relationship with someone who was perfect for me at first and has since neglected me, disrespected me, ignored me, and blamed me for everything because of my disorder. before i met him, i had managed to rebuild myself, to go back to work after a 2.5 year break i was diagnosed in 2019 . since then, i have been living in hell. he lived far away from me 950km 690miles and we tried life together but that's when my disorder revealed itself. he was constantly on the computer, talking down to me, having horrible outbursts and insulting me. he even threatened to kill himself and jump off my balcony and i tried to hold him back and that's when i had my first boderline crisis where i started screaming in pain and wanting to end my life. i called him parents to warn them of his actions and when they called, my boyfriend said everything was fine while i was crying in the back and they could hear me. a lot of things happened and i asked him to go home he lives with his parents . since then, it's been hot and cold between us. one day i'm his queen , the next day he barely pays attention to me and when i criticize him for not even asking if i'm okay, he says because you think i'm your knight in shining armor? when for me it's the minimum for any social contact. you should know that from the beginning of our relationship, i was threatened with a knife by one of his family members and insulted and while we were abroad in a remote place i didn't know. his family consults a lot of medieums, psychics, card readers and all of them say that i am the devil and not made for their son while i have never shown anything but goodness, kindness and compassion despite what they made me go through recently, i learned that they would be persuaded that i raped their son and that my first goal is to kill him while i have never raised my hand on someone . they even told me while her sister wanted hut me with the knife that it was ok because the devil is inside her' and so it means that it's not her fault and they didn't event ask if i was fine once ?! last week was the worst of all, i hurt myself, i hit my head multiple times during his present and i tore my face off hit myself with an alter because i heard his parents on the phone saying again that i was going to kill him and he did nothing to stop it and instead he left when i could have killed myself. i am stuck in this relationship, i don't know how to get out of it. i feel like i can't see any way out because i feel like no one will want me because i'm crazy and i don't want to live with someone like him, nor do i want to start a family with him because of the principles he may have and his family i can't tell you everything, but the story of the knife already tells you a lot i need help, my caregivers don't tell me anything, they listen to me and that's it. no one understands me. the more i talked to him about my illness and how to help me if i was neglected, the more he did nothing. when we lived together and he insulted me, i took it upon myself at first and went to him with a big smile and hugged him as he pushed me hard and said you disgust me! to then tell me sorry, i love you more than anything, you can't even imagine, i will never leave you alone again, i will do the work for both of us as you have done for the past 7 months, everything it's over i'm not going to abandon you anymore, it's up to me to make sure that you become again the one you were before my family and i broke you then suddenly it's you're responsible for everything, it's is because you are hypersensitive his family hates me because i'm too pretty, too nice, too cuddly to be true when i'm just me! i can't take it anymore, yesterday and this morning i wanted to end it, i can't tell myself that i'm going to get out of this, i can't tell myself that i'm going to manage to escape of him because i'm hooked in spite of myself and i don't know why because we no longer live together and it's a daily suffering. he's h24 on his computer, he just plays, he has nothing to talk about, we don't share anything anymore he was different at first, it was amazing then he showed his face when he moved in with me . i just asked him again if we could call because i need help because i'm in pain, i'm taking xanax for the first time in my life in addition to my usual treatments when i've always managed to do without and even with that, it doesn't work i'm begging you, help me, advise me, i don't know, but i need help from people who understand me. thank you very much
on suicide the past few months i've been struggling with persistent suicide ideation and even attempted during a major depressive episode. but instead of saying it's just a symptom of your disease i would like to walk you through my thought process. 1. the argument from circumstance. right now i am unemployed, with no realistic chance of getting a job. my resume is spotty, and the market i operated in pretty much collapsed. my memory, focus and cognitive skills are pretty much gone after having two psychoses in a year. a low skilled job almost always requires a drivers license, which i'm not capable of i tried . furthermore, i have a criminal record from the things i did during my psychosis, excluding me from most jobs in my field anyways. i'm lonely and have no support system no friends or family that can offer any stability . meaning that within a year or so i'll be forced to sell my house and eventually live on the streets. homelessness is not a reason for suicide of course, nor is unemployment, but it's also something i'd rather not do. yet it is almost unavoidable. 2. the argument from harm. my actions, whether in psychosis, depression, mania, anger, or just because who i am, have caused irreparable emotional and material damage. my continued existence is a danger to society, and will always incur tremendous cost through health care, living on the streets, and i've had multiple encounters with the police during both manic and depressive episodes . while one could argue that all life is ultimately detrimental, in my case it's fairly obvious i cause harm without being able to effectively control it, and i do not wish to cause any more harm. the self image of a calm collected person is a fever dream, in reality i'm just a unstable criminally psychotic mental health patient. 3. the argument from hopelessness. you might argue well maybe you'll find a job, some friends, maybe even love, and what you did in the past might not happen again . living on the streets is an adventure! unfortunately, it might also not be the case. i've always had a pessimistic and depressed outlook, and whether that is caused by brain abnormalities or not almost seems irrelevant life has always been a struggle, and i do not want to continue this struggle. it's hopeless, really, i just kinda fumbled my way into an impossible situation. 4. the argument from despair. although perhaps a majority of people disagrees with the following i believe society is on the brink of collapse, and within our projected lifetimes things will likely only get worse. without going into the precise reasons for believing this, i feel like it's almost uncontroversial to say things are bad, and they'll get worse . for the longest time i held a certain morbid curiosity for this lets see how this plays out , but after my depressive psychosis which was a traumatizing hell i quite simply no longer have the desire to see it. 5. the argument from meaning. commonly the argument against suicide goes what about the people you leave behind . the two people i still have in my life pretty much said we get it, just make sure your affairs are in order . so that's not a real argument for me personally. but in the abstract you might say you owe it to the world to do your best to which my mind always replies no . i have nothing to contribute anyways, but if life is simply reduced to doing the meaningless bidding of others in order to perpetuate some bizarre notion of you must work to live, even if life is miserable then i simply refuse to play that game. but even if it is not miserable, which it will be because my brain is broken , is life then simply some egocentric hedonism find pleasure in something . i mean that's also a little bit of a hollow existence. someone once said to me life just is , there is no purpose or meaning to it, which is fair. but then not living really seems like a choice, and i can choose to stop it. 6. the argument from personality. nobody likes a pseudo intellectual climate activist with anti capitalist tendencies that has a mental health disorder and will probably live on the streets. especially not one that studied ai and philosophy. especially not ... you can fill in all the stereotypes, feel free to pick the ones you hate the most. now you might say just shut up then and be normal , i quite literally can't. you can't just say change your personality . i have seen so many death threats on social media, it's worrying in its own right. so that's it, that's the thought process. i'm just too tired, i have lived an acceptable life. i've known riches and wealth, love, and the depths of thought. but it's done. life will always end, there is even some beauty in the idea that i get to pick when.
something i wrote before i knew i was bipolar. i used to think it was a personality disorder, instead of a mood disorder. dear journal well i really don t know that much about you being dear that s clearly a lie as it is the first time i write in this type of journal though i had been writing quite often on my phone journal . either way, dear beloved, and most precious electronic journal, i will bless thee with the presence of worded words that word the words i word. today s riveting topic . my day! as i don t think i have the mental capacity to write about anything else of meaning or do i? the purpose of this journal thing is to make me a better writer in both english and spanish, yet if all i put into the white walls is rubbish and nonsense, how am i to become better at throwing electronic ink at immaterial wood stuff? perhaps i should find something as simple as it may be something i can turn into cohesion. i guess it is as good a time as ever to speak about feelings my feelings, nonetheless. how does anxiety feel? i know we ve all been there. any e scripture on anxiety that you might stumble upon will say as much, but, baring mental health professionals, i don t think that those of us that enunciate the word anxiety with statistical outlier levels of frequency have the same notion of the concept than those whose usage falls into the mean. what i mean by that, of course, is that those of us afflicted by pathological levels of anxiety feel it in a quantitively and qualitatively different way. i guess that s why we get diagnosed catalogued as distinct by the authorities that oversee defining this part of society. we re a messy bunch. it reflects in all facets of my life. i have messy hair, messy eyes, my room is messy my thoughts are scattered and messy! , i can t make a decision for the love of myself the short version i don t work. i mean that both literally and figuratively, whatever that means! think about it! what does the verb to work mean in a literal way? is it having a job? but that s having a job, we call it work because you do motions in a job, but we call the motions work , because work is the act of physical exertion right? i don t know, this is literal garbage that i m talking right now talking writing garbage can t literally be literal i think i just transferred a calque from spanish, too long to get into this tangent . i can t hold a normal job i can t hold my emotions most of the times. today some guy at the mall forgot my coffee, and i felt like as if i ve murdered someone. i mean, i ve never killed anyone and i hope i never do such a heinous thing , but you know that feeling you get in your chin, your chest and neck that pushes you down? the one you get when something bad, really bad is about to happen? i was feeling that over a coffee man. i stared the guy directly in the eye, not with the best of intentions. i was literally offended, but i don t feel that it was in a normal way. how do i know that? cause i didn t use to be like that. emotions, to me, seem to work now like to a bpd patient perhaps i have bpd traits? . how do emotions work for bpd patients? simple! take an emotion x and then square it. a more detailed example anger in bpd afflicted individual anger 2. or perhaps it s even a cubical function i.e., anger 3 i don t even remember if cube is exponential 3 . anxiety is writing parenthesis excusing yourself of mistakes in your personal journal entries that no one else will ever fucking read. anxiety is looking at your neighbor and running away inside your home for no reason. anxiety is feeling gutted for dreaming about the people that made you the happiest you ve been in ages. anxiety is snapping at those who love you, because you can t love yourself and everything has a bitter taste to shit. anxiety is wanting to die, looking at places where you could hang yourself, feeling relief at the thought of no longer breathing, imagining a knife to the throat, thinking about swerving into traffic, travelling, and not feeling anything, kissing someone you re deeply into and not feeling anything, doubting everything you do, every single cell in your body being inadequate. anxiety is knowing at a scientific level that something is wrong, but still suffering through it. anxiety is abusing drugs, anxiety is depression, anxiety is the antithesis of life, of enjoyment, of love and all that s good. this is anxiety , as this is obviously a corrupted, poisonous version of a feeling that s supposed to help us survive i.e., anxiety. anxiety turns a survival tool against those who are trying to survive. do my friends love me? that s what i m stressing about as i type this .
new diagnosis, new medications abilify and, of course, new questions hi everyone! a little background here, before i ask any questions i've been struggling with mental health issues for approximately eight years now, and i am twenty years old. i was officially diagnosed with depression and anxiety in 2016, and started an anti depressant. it worked alright at the start, but i continually seemed to be on some sort of a wave. sometimes it was really, really bad, but then other times it seemed like everything was fine and i couldn't remember what it was like to be depressed. over time, this lead to me having more questions concerns, and i spent some time doing research, and combined with some family history, this resulted in a personal hunch that i might have some form of bipolar disorder. i was pretty convinced i might have bipolar type ii. in the past few weeks, i finally found got enrolled with a nurse practitioner, and i was able to talk about the crushing depression i was feeling. at first, she decided i was experiencing severe depression, and sent me for blood tests before she planned to increase my wellbutrin prescription. however, after my blood tests and talking some more, she did further screening. based on the questionnaires i filled out and what we talked about, she and the doctor she works under confirmed that i have bipolar disorder. despite the fact that i had been thinking about it, it was still a shock and i'm trying to get myself oriented in this new world. now, about new medications... originally, i was going to be given lamotrigine 25mg twice daily, but the nurse practitioner had to consult the doctor to figure out if i would stay on my wellbutrin at the same time or if i needed to be weaned off wellbutrin first. in the end, they decided to keep me on wellbutrin, add abilify once daily at night, and if i reached the max dose of abilify without optimal results, then they would add lamotrigine or another mood stabilizer. so, last week i started abilify at the 2mg dose. i take it at approximately 11 00pm, and then go to bed. however, i am having a tough time figuring out if my symptoms over the past few days are related, if they're typical, if they're likely to last, etc. disclaimer i know that you cannot provide medical advice, nor do i want medical advice from strangers on the internet! i will be telling my nurse practitioner everything when i see her next, which will be on wednesday of this week. i am just hoping to find some insight from other people who have taken abilify and had similar experiences or who can provide additional reliable resources about abilify, because i am struggling to find this information myself. the nurse practitioner told me that they wanted me on abilify to help me get better sleep. however, i don't find it makes it easy to sleep at all. the first night, i ended up being mostly awake until 7 30am, and then slept until 10 30am. the second night, i was awake until 1 45am and slept until 10 00am, and i had similar patterns the rest of the nights so far. last night, i went to bed around 11 00pm as usual, and still was up until around 1 00am and woke up at 5 25am. i know that it takes a while for medications to really start working, but is this at all normal? this is almost worse than my sleep lately before i started it. i keep feeling so, so sick. the first day, i got a little bit queasy but didn't think much of it until i woke up and couldn't get out of bed at first because i felt so sick. over the weekend, it made me so sick that i missed two shifts at work because i couldn't be bending over and lifting things up and walking around. i actually threw up once, but that was it. i did some research online and ended up making the decision to try taking gravol with it, but i know it can make me more drowsy and it's definitely causing dry mouth. i'm wondering if anyone else has taken abilify and had this problem? does it go away over time, and only come back when changing doses? last night specifically, while i was trying to sleep, i experienced something i don't think i ever have before. i think i had some auditory hallucinations, i heard a repetitive noise, and then it was almost like people were talking despite the fact that i was alone with my boyfriend who was sleeping soundly. i've never had them before, and i don't understand where this would come from. could it be from taking the abilify? or is it likely unrelated and coincidental? thank you in advance to everyone who reads and or responds!
i failed the ib diploma. i don't want to try anymore. bd1 it's 12 29 am here. i'm so tired of trying. i tried in the ibdp, and scored 24 45 points and didn't receive my diploma. my attendance was 38 and i was in a psych ward for most of the time i wasn't there. i don't want to repeat senior year because i'm so burnt out, i just don't have another senior year in me. i can't go to university because i have no atar. i'm applying for a remark but i was three points away from passing my hl subjects so i doubt it'll do much. i can do a diploma at a university and go onto a degree in 2020, but i know it's going to tear me apart seeing my friends doing real degrees. my dream was to study in the us. i got an act score of 30. i was going to go there for real! i was so excited and proud of myself when i got that score! now, i want to go back in time and slap that stupid smile off my stupid face. i was never going to make it. i was stupid to think that i could. i have had anorexia nervosa since i was eleven years old. my bmi is around 13. every time i move my head i can feel my blood pressure doing some weird shit. i've had disordered tendencies since i was six. i do not remember a time when i was at peace with myself. i don't think i'll ever get better. i've tried so many times to heal. i'm on meds. i don't want to give up hope. there's a small part of me that wants to keep going. i really do want to be able to do a degree someday, move out of home, maybe even find love. god, i'm so lonely. i have friends, sure. but i want to experience love. it seems like it's useless to pursue that 90 of relationships involving an individual with bipolar end in divorce. i imagine that this is higher for those with bd1. but i have so much love to give. i was in a relationship until a few weeks ago, but she was emotionally abusive. i can never get better and find love, because my body is disgusting. i'm very short 5'6 and female. i'm the shortest in my family by four inches. i'm around 36 kilograms, and i only look normal. i once weight restored to the still unhealthy for my height 46kg and i was hideous. i looked overweight. i can never get better from my ed if i ever want anyone to love me. i don't know. just a little rant. i'm tired of trying to get better when it seems like there is no hope for me. just this past week, i had 7 straight days of eating over 2000 calories. this was a big deal for me. i really thought i could get better. but today i freaked out and ate nothing because i saw how fat i had gotten in only one week. i need advice. what do i even do? my new psychiatrist doesn't think i'm sick enough to see me more than once every three weeks. my old one went to jail, but he cared and he saw me once a week. he went under for getting caught cooking morphine, but he was always lovely to me and genuinely cared. this one doesn't really think i'm sick enough to be seen more often. although, if i ask, i will probably be able to go inpatient in the private hospital she works at. a friend of mine also bd1 went ip there and found it very helpful, but he's much older than me and i don't know what it was like in his ward as i was down the hall in the eating disorder program. which i was kicked out of after four days had panic attack and lit a cigarette in my room . so. what should i do about treatment? i have the option to go for bd or my anorexia, but i don't do well with other anorexics around as they trigger me. i also have all the group thought experiments exercises not sure how to call them from the eating disorder unit, as i got friends who've stayed there to send them to me. in theory i could complete them in my own time if i were to go for bd and stay in that ward instead of the eating disorder ward. however, i do think that some of the things i didn't experience during my time in that ward takeaway nights, eating in public challenges, etc may have really helped me. so i'm fairly certain i will go inpatient, but not sure which ward to go to. also, what should i do about my education? should i just try to get over myself and do a diploma here, then review my options for university be that domestic or abroad when that's finished or wait and see what happens with the remark or resit my exams? this got long, i'm sorry. i skipped meds yesterday morning and last night. but i just really need some help. i'm so tired.
medication frustration triiger warning mentions suicide and ed long i am new here 36 f and have commented some, but this is my first post. i started a little over four years ago to try and find some relief from all the bad things going on in my mind. the only other time i had been to a dr to help with my ongoing mental issues was when i was 22 and in college. a gp prescribed me zoloft and up the dosage a couple times and then basically didn't schedule any follow up appointments. i basically went full out party mode and made terrible decisions, lacked impulse control, and was hyper sexual and engaged in a lot of risky behavior that i am still embarrassed about even today. i eventually stopped taking the zoloft after about a year because my ex found out i was taking it and he said i had no right to be depressed because my life wasn't that bad he was very emotionally abusive . my father was bipolar and we lost him to suicide and my sister is also bipolar. i had no idea that antidepressants alone could trigger a hypomanic manic episode in some one with bipolar. i knew that there was always something not right with me, i would have terrible bouts of depression. i attempted suicide at 14, luckily it didn't work, i just screwed up my stomach and i never told my parents. my family never talked about emotions. i didn't even know my dad was bipolar until after his death. my mom said he never believed it and refused to take medication for bipolar. fast forward to about four years ago, i break down and tell my husband that i can't take it anymore and need help. i never admitted it to him, but i had a plan for suicide and it scared the shit out of me. on the outside my life seemed great, married to my husband who is amazing and the love of my life, we have two healthy kids i also have an older children from my previous relationship , and i am a stay at home mom which is something i really wanted . i had extreme anxiety and depression though. i started seeing a therapist who eventually said i needed to see a psychiatrist because i most likely needed meds because my issues were not going to be resolved with therapy alone. i started meds and did an inpatient program for eating disorders because i had an existing ed and felt myself falling back into old, bad habits in order to deal with my anxiety. the ed treatment was great, but my depression and anxiety were still out of control. i told my psychiatrist back my past with zoloft i was finally realizing my behavior while taking it was probably caused by being on it alone . we tried a few antidepressants and they all made me feel irritable or angry. my dr then starts adding mood stabilizers and antipsychotics to the mix. i look up more on bipolar disorder and start to think that maybe what's wrong with me, especially with my family history. i ask my dr if she thinks i am bipolar and she says no because i don't have any type of hypomanic manic episode and says she changed my diagnosis to mood disorder. we try a bunch of different combos, either they don't work or the side effects are so bad i can't handle them. all things she is prescribing me is medication for bipolar disorder. after three years she then starts prescribing me things i already tried and didn't work the first time. i got a new dr. the new dr asks right away if my old dr thought i was bipolar after i give her the list of meds i have already tried. i see her a couple times and she says she thinks i am bipolar and my extreme attacks of anxiety that come along with not sleeping and being paranoid and suicidal are episodes of dsyphoric hypomania. i am now on my third med change with this dr. all together i have been on 30 different meds in a little over 4 years. i am so frustrated. i am always med compliant, i really want something to work. i was just on fetzima and lamotrigine. i am so irritable and can't sleep. so my dr took me off the fetzima because she thought it was what was causing me problems, i think it might be the lamotrigine. she said it was unlikely, but i had the same trouble with vraylar and rexulti. i am now on the lamotrigine, oxcarbazepine, and mitrazapine. it's been a week off fetzima and i am still extremely irritable and not sleeping well. sorry about the life story. i am just so frustrated and want something to work, but i feel like i am starting to run out of options.
recent experience with lamictal amp painkillers hello friends. i've been on lamictal for about 8 months. it was a godsend to me. starting from a very low dose, it helped me feel more content and at ease, and i went from having panic attacks every time i left the house to being able to go about and live my life. here's the wrinkle i initially spiraled into crippling depression and anxiety last year after tapering off of the opiate pain medication oxycodone. i was on on oxycodone after undergoing a surgical procedure to stabilize much of my cervical spine, which had become unstable as a result of a genetic condition i have. i was in a horrible place, and lamictal is what finally got me out of it. i was about 9 months post op last year and doing really well, feeling really great about my health and future, when a bunch of my pre operative symptoms suddenly returned. scans confirmed that my surgery had failed, and i had to go through a revision procedure a more complex procedure than i had before earlier this year. currently, i am a bit more than 2 months post op from the revision surgery. i was hoping to keep my pain meds low and get off of them quickly this time around, but the surgery was predictably much more painful, and i also developed an infection shortly after surgery that sent my pain levels sky high unlike anything i had experienced before. so while i wanted to limit my use of oxycodone, i ended up on double the dose i took last year 60 mg total per day, vs. 30 mg total per day last year . i have spent the last month carefully tapering off of oxycodone. i am now down to 25 of what i was initially taking after surgery i.e., i'm now down to 15 mg total per day , which is 50 of what i was taking last year. everything seemed to be going smoothly, which i attributed in part to being on lamictal this time. then about a week ago, just before the step down to my current oxycodone dose, i started to feel the depression creep back in. hoping to get ahead of it, i called my p doc and we decided to increase my dose of lamictal a bit, from 125 mg to 150 mg. but instead of protecting me from decline, i feel like the increased dose accelerated the onset of symptoms. i am significantly more depressed and irritable, and i have started to become anxious and a bit agoraphobic again. making matters much worse, some physical symptoms have flared up this week, including a very alarming sharp pain right at the base of where my surgery was performed. while these symptoms may be a normal part of the long healing process after a major surgical procedure, i am terrified that something got screwed up again. i took a little extra oxycodone this morning and it has helped the pain somewhat, but this is obviously not the direction i want to go in for the sake of my mental health. i guess i'm posting here because i feel frightened and a bit trapped. last year, lamictal was like a miracle for me. i felt relief at a very low dose, and i continued to experience improvement as i increased the dose. i was hoping for the same result when i increased the dose last week, but i am only feeling more depressed and anxious. that said, there are a ton of other factors in play here, including my oxycodone taper, continued recovery from surgery 2 months ago, a flare up of physical symptoms, fear about the state of my surgery and recovery, normal psychological distress resulting from my current ordeal feeling isolated cooped up, losing autonomy, feeling uncertain about my future, etc. , fear of the fear i experienced last year when things went south, etc. etc. typing this out, it seems unreasonable to expect anything from a small increase in my lamictal dose one way or the other or at the very least, it seems impossible to parse out what is a result of lamictal versus the many other things going on. but i guess i'll still throw my inquires out there 1. has anyone experienced a marked increase in depression or anxiety upon increasing their lamictal dose, and if so, did things even out with time or further dosage increases? 2. does anyone have experience with oxycodone other opiate painkillers that impacted your mental health or interacted with your psych meds? for what it's worth, i also take effexor xr 75 mg daily, dexedrine sr 5 mg 2x day, and klonopin 0.5 mg at night to sleep.
i miss my bestfriend so much venting the only person who had kept me under some sort of control for the past year and a half, my former bestfriend, cut complete ties with me a few days ago. told me to never contact her again. now i feel like i'm in hell. i have a family. i have a handful of friends. but i can't build a real, trusting relationship with them. i ve tried so hard. i have some really bad trust and attachment issues because of my dad leaving when i was 5. and then when i was 12, my mom also left but thankfully my dad took me in and raised me from then on . this has left me in a way that i can only do one of two things. either not get attached at all, or get extremely attached. but because of the extreme attachment leading to hurt in previous relationships, i had purposefully put space between me and others. she was the first person in a long time who i really opened up to and let in. i thought she was doing the same to me. we were so insanely close. then i did one dumbass thing, which i didn't realize was a dumbass thing, and she just turned cold on me. it's like, all the stuff she told me about how much she needed me, how much she loved me and how she would be devastated with me, just disappeared. i've spent the last several weeks trying to fix things, with her warming up a bit, then turning cold, then warming up, then turning cold. i can't put all the blame on her for this. me going from begging and pleading for forgiveness, to yelling and screaming at her for abandoning me, and then back to the other one, made the situation way worse. but i was at such a low point, i was actually planning my suicide and i was just desperate to have her back. it was so painful and anger inducing that this person, who i gave everything to, didn't even care about it. i put her in front of me. i have suffered, so that i could make sure she didn't. i'm not an innocent angel in all of this. i'm clingy, i'm needy, i'm unstable and high maintenance. i also have extreme mood swings. but i also loved her. fully and completely. i thought she knew this. i was willing to do anything it took to make her want to stay. i tried everything i knew. but it all failed. after one too many fights, things are at a definite end. there is no going back. now i'm feeling so isolated and alone. the only person i could talk to, hates me. it feels like no one else is even trying to understand me. to them, she's just some girl. just move on. they don't know her like i do. she's amazing, in every way. the day after i attempted suicide last march 25th, i was in the emergency room, alone. i was so scared and i had no one to talk to. she called and texted me as much as she could she works as a waitress . kept telling me that things will be okay and that she would be there for me. that s what made her so special. when everyone else was freaked out and pushed away, she would run forward and try to help me. and i lost that. all i can think about is that it took me 23 years to meet this one person who i got along with on such a deep level. is it going to take another 23 to meet the next? and even if i do, they will never be able to replace her. it was nice to be in a relationship whether it be friends, romantic, or familial where i felt like i could just fully and completely be myself. i just miss her so much. the depression and stress i'm feeling from this is making my bipolar disorder spin out of control as well, which is just fucking annoying as well. when i met her, i was at a point where all i could think about was killing myself. i felt there was no hope. nothing would get better. now, without her, i'm basically back in that headspace and it sucks. i just feel so hopeless and empty. it hurts to breathe. every morning, i wake up and i feel ok for about a minute. then reality comes crashing in and i just cry till i can t. i do go to a psychiatrist, who is also a therapist. this is my 5th psych and 3th therapist in the last 2.5 years. they've tried over 2 dozen meds and a stupid amount of hours of therapy. nothing has worked so far. i'm basically giving up at this point. i even told my psych that a few days ago. all this time and nothing has changed. why should i believe it will now? i think any day now, i'll just end it all. i can t go on without her.
my school s disability resources is being a butt and i don t have the energy to self advocate after a decade of dealing with mental health professionals, i ve learned how to be my own self advocate. there were times when i felt my pdoc was dismissive and i had to stand up for myself to make myself heard. it can be so hard because in the end they re usually just trying to help and i feel bad for being almost confrontational. i ve learned what situations you should badger an office and when you shouldn t. this is the shit you learn when you deal with this bullshit disease. and i need to badger my school s dr right now. for some reason they haven t granted me excused absences which i had no issue getting at previous institutions and those are so much more important than getting extended testing time... and i know how it looks. i know. it looks like i want a legitimate way to slack off, but that isn t what happens. i did my best to not abuse those previous accommodations because they were my saving grace at the end of the semester. i m not completely incompetent. i can follow the syllabus, text classmates, and do my best to keep up with the class materials. but sometimes i just cannot leave my bed. so much has gone wrong this past month. life has just taken a huge shit on me at the beginning of this semester and i need help. i have an established relationship with a psychiatrist in this new town, but i need a therapist. she gave me a list and i ve been playing phone tag with her top recommendation and i just can t anymore. i don t have the energy. i m here by myself, away from family, freaked out by my creepy neighbors, and just struggling in general. the only two things i can focus on are my schoolwork and taking care of my dog. and everyday i feel like i m failing at even that. my house is a mess. i m a mess. my eating habits are horrible. i feel the temptation of hard alcohol everyday... so i binge eat then starve then binge. luckily my alcohol consumption hasn t gotten out of control, tho i am planning on cutting it out completely again. i thought discussion questions were due at midnight on sunday s, but they re due at 8 pm. i had confused between two different class s deadlines. my prof has been so understanding but god i need to show i m not trying take advantage of any slack she has given me. she s been so great at balancing having compassion but not coddling me. i really like her. and i m just asking for this one thing from my school. their department is a fucking mess. my psychiatrist had dealt with them before and said she needs to be contacted by them first before writing any sort of letters detailing why i need this accommodation. i told this to the dr but they insisted that wasn t the case. so i call my psychiatrist and she insisted that that s how it s always been and won t write anything until she s contacted by them. then my assigned counselor sent me a passive aggressive email that the recommendation i had sent in did not explain why i needed an esa. shit lady, i was not asking for a fucking emotional support animal! get your fucking shit together. family connections can be great tho, my mother works at the university and knows the chair or director or what fucking ever of the dr and insists that i call him and go over the counselor s head. but god i just do not have the energy. i don t have the energy for any of this. sometimes i wish i was still a minor so my mom could just make my appts for me. for the first time in years i just want my mom to take care of me like she used to. i don t want to be responsible for dealing with this shit. i m being kept awake by my racing heart rate being brought on by my anxiety. i m all out of clonazepam until at least wednesday. i had two beers left over and self medicated just to calm down a little, but when i lay my head down all i can hear is my racing heart. i need help. i know how to ask for it. where to find it. but god i just don t have the energy... the short days are even harder to deal with here due to the fucking freezing temperatures. everything is so much harder when it s this cold. i m just in this stupid self pity party where i m just asking why me???? i m really sorry for the length. i just don t have anywhere to turn right now.
how do i take the next step to understanding myself? i'm using this account as it's kinda my throw away deep confession account. i'm going through some shit right now which is kinda relate to this, but for a while now i've been trying to understand if my 'normal' is really normal or if there's something i need to get checked out by a professional. for as long as i can remember i've struggled to control my emotions in the context of what's around me, and most of the time i've been acting accordingly. if i'm at a party and i'm supposed to be having a good time, i might still be super upset about the fact that my favorite tv show has ended and what's going to fill that void. i attended my brothers funeral, carried the coffin even, and i wasn't that upset but people are watching so i tried my hardest to cry and look authentic. later on of course i was distraught, but my emotions were always out of sync with reality. my mood guides everything i do. i'm of pretty normal intelligence i think, i went to school, am told that i'm pretty logical in my thinking, but i just can't seem to do the most basic things. i'll sometime go a couple of weeks without a shower not proud to admit that because when the opportunity presents itself to shower i'll be engrossed in something so deeply that the thought just gets shrugged of until next time, upon which is just repeated again. sometimes that things i'm doing is just sitting down staring into space thinking, but it feels like important work. other times i can't stand my own skin and shower three times a day. there's no normal middle ground! my mood can often change at the drop of a hat too. i immerse myself in work and over extend what i can handle because it keeps my brain from being moody or reacting to stuff around me, but someone will make a benign comment like they're going on holiday and if i get an envious thought in my head it just multiplies into this intense deep deep depression where i sneak out of work and drive somewhere i'm trusted to manage my own time to be alone and sink further and further. the scary thing is i sometimes embrace this mood, it's like i need it and it feels comfortable to be sitting in a car crying by myself. i'll carry this mood with me all day usually, acting normally in front of the family when i get home, and making an excuse to go to bed early because i know that also is the best chance i get to reset. it's not working tonight though as it's 2am, and i've taken two tramadol to help sleep. other times i'm invincible. right now despite a few big troughs in the last few days where i've been super depressed, i'm super super confident. for the first time in my career i've pushed myself and created a new role that is bigger than i ever thought i would get. it's a 'big' job, a director role with a lot of responsibility, i'm so proud of myself i take on all these extra responsibilities and i'm totally overloading myself because i know i'm amazing. but i can't tell my family how happy i am because the mania i experience through the day rarely carried through to home. and if i'm not in the mood to be excited then i don't talk about it and my day was 'fine'. i've done reading, enough to probably have the wrong idea about what i'm like. i fell like i have some level of bipolar but i don't want to go to my doctor and tell him that in case he just says that i'm normal and this is life pal, get used to it. i've never talked to anyone about this other than one close friend who is bipolar and we have similar thoughts. the logical side in me says go to the doctor and explain myself, but i fear that the dr won't be able to keep up with me when i talk. if i'm up then i can't get my words out quickly enough and just babble. if i'm down i'll think about every word and choose them so carefully i'll filter out crucial information because i don't want the dr to think badly of me. i want to be told that someone else is liked me, i want to hear that medication is there to help me, i want to stop being up and down all the time so i can focus on sitting out the other problems in my life like normal people do. i really just wanted to write all of this down, so i'm sure the post will get buried.
advice, bear with me pls hi everyone. i have never posted on reddit, this is my first time and i wish it were something good, but i need help and am too afraid to turn to anyone right now. this is tmi, but its the internet right? amp x200b i have been struggling to figure out whether or not i have bp, but my complicated past makes me afraid that i may have bpd so i am just going to lay it out and if anyone out there, help me out. amp x200b to start. there is a stigma surrounding bpd and a part of me admits to being afraid of lying to myself so i don't get labeled as a crazy bpd. my mother was bpd, and my father was a psychologist who diagnosed me as bpd by the time i was twelve, but he also intensely hated my mother. i have always been incredibly emotionally sensitive, but cognitively i was one of those kids who were three levels above everyone in class, and three levels behind on the social scale. i dread seeing a therapist after being raised by my father who became obsessive and emotionally abusive over my being bdp. but bear with me pls. amp x200b i think i've had three episodes. my earliest one was when i was thirteen. i remember being overcome with such intense suffering that i collapsed in the shower. it was like i was catatonic. i literally couldn't get up. that night it was as if the world were silent. i remember laying in bed staring at my hands. they kept moving, but i wasn't understanding that i was inside of them. i remember having the intense realization that i was going to watch these hands age, and that i was inside of a living corpse. i was repulsed by that thought and became fascinated with hands for awhile. amp x200b my second episode happened my first year of college. i'll skip the fluff. one day i just stood up mid class and left. just dropped out of college. i remember sitting there thinking, what am i doing here? my professor was talking, but i wasn't understanding her words. i went back to college after a period . amp x200b but what prompted this post was the most recent episode that scared me. i convinced myself that i was losing my mind. i got obsessive over sanely questioning my sanity and being made to make my suffering. like my brain just stalled. i was in the middle of a 20 page research paper and i couldn't get my thoughts together to write it. i reread the things i wrote later and realized that i kept repeating the same words over and over. but i was also under an insane amount of stress. i was also convinced that my teachers were correcting my borderline behavior through subliminal therapy still kind of convinced...? this episode lasted for 4 months, but i had decided to quit smoking weed right around the same time. still, i had been off of weed for awhile when i think i had an audial hallucination. i was on the verge of falling asleep, in that between stage where you're still conscious but your dreams start to engulf you, when this voice in the back of me head detached itself. it took on a presence of its own idk how to explain like it floated out of my brain and was talking. it startled me awake. i snapped out of it, but i was really scared for awhile. amp x200b i won't lie, a part of my has come to terms with being bpd. i have self mutilated, and i have felt suicidal. i get feeling so intense that i don't know how to relieve my emotions so i will drink and push my limits in risky ways. i have issues maintaining relationships although that has been improving now that i am consciously working on it . i know dual diagnosis is possible, but a part of me seriously worries if i lie to myself so i don't have to face being bpd, living up to the label put on me by an abusive parent. at the same time i am beginning to string together a family history that may suggest psychosis, although no one in my family is open to talking about it. amp x200b if you made it to the end, it on me bpd, bp, bpbpdp. i feel close to myself right now and am looking for answers in my own way. my mental state is getting is affecting my career, and i find myself in a place where people are tiptoeing around me and i can't stand it but i understand it, and want to start working on fixing it .
my current battle with employment discrimination this is a long story, so i'll try to keep it as brief as i can and only include pertinent details. for those that just want a brief summary tl dr the peace corps rejected me because i admitted to having bipolar, not thinking anything of it because i am high functioning and my doctor can clear me. i decided to fight this to the bitter end, since i am not my mental illness and they can't reject me based on their discriminatory and outright archaic assumptions about the condition i am a 23 year old college student that will graduate this spring with degrees in biology and french. three years back i was diagnosed bp ii, and as most of you know it was a wild ride. by communicating with my psychiatrist and by making the right lifestyle choices, i have remained totally asymptomatic for more than a year. being young and hoping to join doctor's without borders someday, i decided i would join the peace corps to gain the necessary public health program experience and to expand my french i'm looking at west africa . i spent a large amount of time working on my resume and statement, and kept in touch with my local peace corps recruiter. he gave me advice and assured me that i was a shoe in for a position in benin because of my health care experience and language experience i work as a full time rec therapist while finishing classes full time. not easy, but incorporating the right lifestyle choices has helped my time management . after i turned in my application, i was informed that i would have to fill out a health history form, divulging any medical conditions that i had. naturally i was honest my doctor said he'd provide a letter clearing me medically, and my recruiter already said verbatim that i am extremely qualified what happened next blew me away. an automated email was sent to me after i turned in the health history form informing me that my condition could not be supported in the country i chose. not one person from the organization would speak to me further about the issue . i've been told dozens of times about how they're sorry, but they simply don't make those decisions. what's really shocked me is that my resume and essay we're not even looked at because of admitting the condition . i have been hiding my mental health ever since my diagnosis. it has not affected my professional life or my work. i am high functioning, and need no more accommodation than a healthy volunteer whatever that is . having them reject me for checking the wrong box made me incredibly angry and hurt. but instead of accepting this, i've been fighting it for the past 2 months. i've called senators, lawyers, mental health advocacy groups, and have begun the informal resolution process with their equal employment opportunity commission. when they asked what i hoped to get out of this process, i told them that i want to be medically cleared, and that i want them to put an end to this discriminatory process. odds are they will not give me an inch, so i am prepared to take this to district court there was a case in 1996 where a volunteer was rejected because she admitted to taking antidepressants. the court ruled in her favor, and this decision gives me hope . the most exciting development will come the end of this month. patrick j. kennedy, nephew of john f. kennedy who coincidentally founded the peace corps will be coming to my city to advocate for mental health rights. patrick kennedy was diagnosed with bipolar himself, so i'm doing everything in my power to go to the conference and talk to him, get him a letter, anything if there's an offhand chance to get him to lobby the pc on my behalf, i need to take it. i'm not giving up this fight until i receive my letter of acceptance, or until they tell me stop calling us or we will contact the police . i will let you guys know the newest updates as they come up if you have any ideas for me on how to fight this archaic government process, please throw your ideas here. as always, never give up trying new things to get your condition under control. it is possible, and things will get better if you try.
struggling to get the help i need! around the age of 19 20 i began struggling badly with my mental health. i began drinking heavily, doing drugs and staying up all night on my pc. having just enough sleep to sober up a little so i could go to work and live a seemingly normal life. one morning i was on the transfer bus from the car park to my office and as it pulled in to the stop before my office i got off the bus and found myself on a train to the seaside. i love the seaside, it is where i go when i need to calm my mind. i texted work letting them know i wouldn t be in work today then went and found a place to sit! today was different though, instead of calming thoughts and feeling refreshed, my head was spinning with thoughts like walking into the sea or stepping in front of a train anything to just end it all. in a panic i ran back to the train station, getting on the first train home. 35 minuets into the journey the train stopped. a person had stepped out in front of the train i was on. my mind was all over, at the time i was thinking it was a sign. i thought about it for the next 3 hours and had basically talked myself into doing it. by time i had reached my car i had managed to buy enough packets of pills to take my own life. i started to take them, i had taken about 100 150 pills and then in a split second i changed my mind. i ran back to the train station looking for help. i was crying so much i couldn t even get my words out i kind of just threw my empty packets at the feet of the first official person i found. within a few hours i was in hospital and my mum was there. the next few days i had explained what had happened. my mum didn t believe me, she refused to believe it. she would say things like but you re always so happy , you have no reason to do something like that or it just doesn t make sense . so that was the first time i really knew i had a problem, work organised for me to see a councilor. i had 6 sessions, but i felt like i was getting nowhere. so, i stopped going. i went to my local doctor s office, and they gave me some pills. then some more pills and again some more. most of the time i would just stopped taking my pills as they started causing me problems with my job. a few years later i felt like i was no better, so i decided to start therapy again, and once again i got nowhere, the therapist would call me by the wrong name or show up late. so, i stopped going. after a few months my doctor sent me to a new therapist it was here that my therapist told me she believed i was bipolar. i felt like i had answers and i could fix it on my own. so, i stopped going. a few weeks later i relocated to be with my boyfriend over 100 miles from home and from my doctors. but i felt great, my mind was distracted by all the new things going on i felt happy and normal for once. boy was i wrong!! once everything had settled down it hit me and hard! self harm was on my mind all the time! it still is but since moving to a new house i feel like the change is distracting me right now and everything will come back once i am not so busy. i also feel like i am not good enough and that i am alone despite having an amazing boyfriend and a great job. i know that i need to go to my new doctors and get some help but at the same time i don t want to because i am scared! i don t know much or anything about the treatment for being bipolar but if the road is as rocky as it was when i was being treated just for depression i am not sure i could cope. i promised my boyfriend i would try and get help, and in my mind, i want to but only when i physically can t. like the middle of the night or on a weekend. i need help to overcome this by someone who understands how i am feeling but no one does ? tl dr after an attempted suicide i tried to get help and for years nothing worked, i tired therapy and medication. i finally found out i am bipolar, but i relocated before i started treatment and can t bring myself to go to my new doctor to get treatment. need advice from someone who understands.
just need to vent sorry this post is a huge mess. i just need to let everything out and i don't know who to go to right now who would understand my situation. so i'm 17 got diagnosed on my birthday, quick fun fact i guess lol and moved out of my parent's into an entirely different state back in january. i was doing completely fine, and actually felt on top of the world for awhile. i did some exams that allowed me to graduate early before moving, told myself and everyone i'll get a new job and start college as soon as i can. i haven't been able to get a job here yet, so i have been doing commissions to hold me off for a while. i was doing really good with that, making about 80 200 a week which held me off pretty well i'm living with my boyfriend who lives with his mom so i don't have to pay rent or anything, just need to buy stuff for myself and my cat everything was going good. i had to stop my meds after i moved because my psychiatrist isn't licensed in this state plus the side effects for the meds i was currently on gave me really bad tardive dyskinesia. my boyfriend's mom has been pressuring me more and more recently to get a job, sending me links for places to apply to more, and i've been applying to them. the other night i had a conversation with my parents i'm still on good terms with them and my mom noticed i must be manic because i told her i've been unable to get much sleep at all due to my mind constantly racing. she said she wants me to come visit home asap because she has bipolar too and based on her experience she doesn't want me being unmedicated and manic in an entirely different state especially when the depression comes. i told my boyfriend's mom this and she was really disappointed, saying that she doesn't want me to constantly visit back and forth again before i moved i would visit for a couple weeks very often and that i'm supposed to have a job by now, and that basically if i'm going to be doing this i should just move back until im 18. i seriously don't want to move back though. i love my parents and everything and i want to just visit, not move back entirely. i'm happier here with my boyfriend, finally have myself settled and comfortable here, and i'm worried if i move back i'll get addicted to bad habits again because my mental health was a lot worse there. my parents and my boyfriend's mom had a whole dispute and i was in the middle of it, and since then i just feel like it triggered something in me and now i feel miserable and sick and scared. i'm sleeping constantly, and when i wake up i have messages from my boyfriend's mom telling me to apply to some place, along with messages from my parents asking when i'll be visiting. i don't want to disappoint or upset either of them with what i do and i don't know what'll be best for me, staying here and getting a job or risking it and going back to get my mental health worked on. i haven't been able to draw much at all since then and i fell behind on my commissions which is making me feel worse and i just don't know what to do right now. i feel stuck and i just want to cry and sleep and ignore all these issues. i haven't felt this shitty in so long, i can't bring myself to do anything and i keep suddenly crying several times a day when i'm awake. sorry if this issue seems trivial or anything. i just have an extreme fear of disappointing people which makes this all so much worse for me. i really want to visit my parents and get on something that'll help me, but i'm worried that if i go my boyfriend's mom won't allow me to come back, and i don't want to upset her with my decision since she keeps telling me to apply to the places she's sending me and i'm telling her i will so she won't get upset. i don't know what i want from this post. i just know i needed to let this all out. if anyone reads this all then personal input or advice is welcome. i'm not sure what to do right now, i need to make a decision quick but i can't bring myself to
need advice about my mom hello reddit, i'm wondering if anyone in this group may be able to shed any advice from experience about a rough journey my family and i have been going through. my mom and i are best friends. we use to talk everyday, until she started a few new medications after being diagnosed with bipolar disorder. once the medications hit her, she no longer talks to me. no longer answers her phone. she is a lifeless walking panic attack, which was never the case until medication. last may, my mom went through a traumatic experience with her brother almost being killed in jail. he truly made a miracle of a recovery, but my mom endured a lot of stress from the situation. she went to her psychiatrist who prescribed her seroquel to help her sleep. it did not help her sleep at all. she went manic in fact. to make a long story short, by the beginning of june she had been involuntarily admitted to the local psych ward on 72 hour hold. during those 72 hours, they took her off seroquel and the anti depressant paxil paxil she had been prescribed for almost 20 years due to ocd, which had toned down immensely in the past 10 years that she had even had her dosage lowered about 6 years prior to this and immediately put her on 3mg of resperidone and 1800mg of gabapentin. everything was pretty normal for about 2 months after the new prescriptions, then bam. she was a completely different person. zombie like, unable to take care of herself, a living walking panic attack. it was just awful. her doctor then only put her on more anti psychotic medications and anti depressants as well as a benzo. again, making a long story short.. in september i had spoken to her psychiatrist on the phone during one of her appointments who agreed with me we should taper her off of anti psychotics. now fast forward and she has officially been of anti psychotics for 2 months. she is still prescribed gabapentin, mirtazapine, and diazepam. she is still in awful shape, but has shown signs on being more cognitive in general. i didn't speak with her for over 2 months after christmas. she didn't want to talk to me, or anyone else at that. i saw her right before christmas i live in a different state and told her i would like to be apart of one of her appointments again over the phone, and she wouldn't let me. she moved in with her boyfriend after this all started, who i feel helps her as much as he hurts her. a few weeks ago. our family dog died. she was 14, but the way it happened was super tragic. i talked with my mom the day it happened and she cried! which was a great sign to me because 3 months before this she told he she couldn't cry if she wanted to she just had no emotion. so i took this as a great sign! i have noticed she no longer has one worded answers, but she can actually respond to the things i'm saying with short responses. so i see very slow improvements. i feel the experience with my dog passing away has opened her up to me a little bit more. i talked with her again about a week after, and just tried to have a normal happy conversation about me coming home for a visit in a couple of weeks and she seemed to act half way normal again. i want to keep this door open, and open her trust back up to me again so that maybe she will let me try and help her at the doctors office again one day.. how can i keep this door open? how should i approach my mom about trying to help her again at the doctors when i go home in a couple of weeks? i miss my best friend more than anything, and this has been the toughest thing i have ever had to go through. if anyone has any experience dealing with horrible reactions to medications, and overcoming this yourself or with a loved one. any advice would be appreciated. p.s. i probably skipped over a lot of details, so please don't hesitate to ask questions!
finally got up the courage to go to the psychiatrist. i'd been hesitant.. scared.. wary.. about going before. thoughts racing through my head of what a diagnosis would mean for me. my pdoc didn't feel comfortable giving me a diagnosis for anything other than general anxiety depression, and recommended i go to a specialist so i could get more accurate treatment. took me well over a year to finally go. i'd made appointments and blew them off , never actually going. i'm so glad i did now. i had to get over the fact that i would get diagnosed with 'something' and it would be on my medical records. i guess i had some preconceived notion that it would never go away and there would be some sort of stigma attached to me everywhere i go. irrational as that may sound, it is what prevented me from seeking professional help. i finally went this past monday, spent an hour with a p.a. talking about my history, what meds i am currently on lexapro wellbutrin from my pdoc , etc. she took that information and talked to one of their head psychiatrists about it, then came back about 15 minutes later with him. he was very nice, understanding, and seemed genuinely interested and concerned about my care. my personal research proved to be right. i have bipolar ii. i felt an inner sense of calmness and clarity now that i had a professional, someone that has spent their life studying conditions such as this, verifying that yes indeed, there was something amiss in my brain. and that better help was coming. lexapro had been working wonders for my anxiety and slightly for depression as well. wellbutrin didn't seem to do much, but made life liveable . i was not thriving or excited about anything. just going through the motions. he took me off wellbutrin and replaced it with a mood stabilizer, trileptal. i stopped the wellbutrin cold turkey and started trileptal that same night. i had a really good tuesday and today is looking great as well. i feel much better now that i was finally able to get over myself and get proper help, and hopefully better meds to balance my moods. i have a follow up appointment in 2 weeks. by then i hope to see even more positive changes with the trileptal. i also chose to stop drinking cold turkey as well. i knew i had been drinking too much for too long. each time i drank it was 6 beers, and sometimes 4 5 nights a week. it became routine. a way to quell my mind at the end of the night. to slow the racing thoughts. it took the words from the psychiatrist to really cement it in my brain that alcohol counteracts anti depressants and that in order to feel better, i would need to make a lifestyle change. he said the trileptal would assist in those nighttime racing thoughts. i even stopped smoking cannabis. this happened after i started the wellbutrin. i think that can be attributed to the fact that wellbutrin is somewhat of a cessation tool used for people quitting cigarettes. the urge or desire to smoke which used to be daily just stopped. i don't care anymore. it doesn't really do anything for me. even with my mmj card and specific strains, all it really did was numb me and slow my brain down again like with alcohol to slow the racing thoughts . so without the alcohol and cannabis, i feel strongly that i can finally let my mind be a blank slate for the psych meds to work properly and not be counteracted or made less effective by other psychoactive chemicals. i am committed to feeling better, and if drinking la croix instead of beer helps in any way, i'm all for it. i want to be able to let the meds do their job in the most effective manner. thanks for being here, community. i may not post much but do lurk frequently and have gleaned a ton of helpful insights over time since i have been subbed. i hope you all have a wonderful day!
rant i knew it! my medication is poisoning me! i originally posted this over in the r casualconversation weekly chat thread but upon reflection, realized it would be much better suited to this sub as it's pretty specific towards my disorder and i feel i'd get better advice here from people who are knowledgable of what i've been dealing with. from my original post gt it'll be 8 years this summer since i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and got put on a treatment consisting of depakote epilum sodium valporate for rapid cycling moods and mania. over the years, i've constantly inquired about what sort of side effects i would experience on this drug and every single time, my doctors have been frustratingly vague and flippant, never sitting down and going through the effects in a thorough and detailed manner. gt as a result, i've had to do my own research and recently, i uncovered several side effects that no one told me about gt according to what i've read in numerous articles and medical journals, prolonged long term usage of sodium valporate can apparently cause depressive episodes and according to the many medical journals i've perused, it is not as effective against treating depressive bipolar episodes in the long run. considering that i've been dealing with crippling bouts of depression over the last 7 years, this makes sense but no one told me. no one told me. gt it can cause pancreatic damage and liver problems on it's own. my pyschiatric doctor the one who typically prescribes me this shit on a 3 monthly basis has been constantly drilling it into me that all the times i've gotten elevated liver enzyme readings from my 6 8 weekly blood tests has been because i drank alcohol whilst taking this fucking medication. not once has she ever stopped to inform me that this stuff causes liver problems all by itself regardless of whether you drink or not, let alone any mention of trouble involving the pancreas, which is typically characterized by intense cramping pain in the abdomen due to organ damage and inflammation of the pancreas. this makes so much sense considering that all these years i've had near daily cramping and aches in my abdomen that i always previously thought was due to ibs or my iud being a dick. gt apparently, it can increase the likelihood of polycystic ovary syndrome and something called hyperandrogenism which i have never heard of before now but is a condition to do with having too many androgens or male hormones testosterone in the body along with uterine fibroids which also explains the agonizing cramps i often get regardless of what time of the month it is. also, i was at child bearing age 22 when they first started me on sodium valporate and whilst i have no desire to ever procreate, the fact of the matter is that all these conditions lead to infertility so i feel incredibly deceived by the doctors who put me on this shit because again, no one told me any of this. gt i am absolutely steaming and yet i just know that if when i raise these issues with my current psych doctor, she will no doubt laugh off my concerns like she always fucking does and dismiss my worries as trivial. gt i know it's dangerous to quit cold turkey but i honestly feel so betrayed right now considering all that i've learned. i ended up writing a strongly worded but teeth grittingly polite letter outlining all these concerns so i can slap her in the face with it not literally but y'know and get my voice heard. gt i want to change my doctor and try to get one who will help me find an alternative course of treatment but giving that all this happened on public healthcare which is often laughably crap at times here , it wouldn't surprise me if it ends up being a long drawn out process. gt urgh. i'm so angry i could spit fire!
massive disagreement between wife bipolar type ii, ocd, and gad i really appreciate anyone that takes the time to weigh in on this. my wife s parents did not like me when we first started dating. they were incredibly restrictive and would only let her out to see me once a month. we got tired of that and started sneaking around to see eachother. during that time we had sex, and for lds culture that is wrong before marriage. her parents are very strict mormons, and are the type to judge the hell out of you and spread rumors throughout the church. come 5 months after dating, they filed police reports that i was a sexual offender rapist, and needed to be imprisonment for the protection of their daughter. this paper they wrote up was so detailed i wouldn t be surprised it was in fucking mla format. it was all based on things she had wrote in her journals, which they photocopied as well, and attached to the police report. they then destroyed her phone, threatened not to let her go to church because i was there, this went all through the regional church, and suddenly my family and myself were completely ostracized. incredible restriction went by for the next year and a half. during that time they started using the money in her banking account without her knowledge at all. they didn t stop until threatened to sue which under the circumstances i was able to , which they then suddenly had all the money appear again. she was saving for when she turned 18 so we could get her the hell out of there. which we did. once she turned 18 she moved in with me, we severed contact for months with her parents. they stated her sisters weren t allowed to come to our apartment because they feared i d rape them. blocked anyone that supported us from facebook and any calling texting, and they went on like nothing happened. now she has gone a long time without any support besides myself and my parents. we are still active in our church, but one very far from where this all happened. she doesn t feel like she has any support from anyone, so she started turning to her parents again. her mom is incredibly manipulative, and has proven herself to be. for the last few months she has been trying to essentially convince me that if i just let it go, talk to them, and suddenly be happy about it all again, everything will be better. i was diagnosed with bpii only two months ago, and before that i had to drop out of my double honors meteorology chemistry major program because my depression ruined my gpa, lost my scholarships, lost my job. since then i ve been seeing a therapist twice a month, changed all my meds around, and got my grades withdrawn and been recovering. my therapist was appalled to hear this story, and thinks i m completely justified in not wanting to have anything to do with them. i have told my wife many times, i will talk to them when i m ready, and forgive them when i m able to let it go. but after she goes to dinner with them very sunday, this topic comes up, where i need to forgive them, start going to dinner, and fix all this. the thing is, she wants me to fix it her way and for what she wants. which under other circumstances would be completely viable, but i hate them. i hate her parents for two years of absolute hell. to this day they have never approached or tried to talk to me in person, haven t apologized. nothing. for me, that is the first step, they need to initiate it. then i will talk. my therapist agrees, and honestly doesn t think i need to fix this at all right now and thinks i m completely justified in the way i m thinking. am i over reacting? i don t know when i m overreacting with my anxiety, and been in a depressed episode for a year now. any thoughts would be appreciated.
doubting my bpii diagnosis, apprehensive about meds, feeling like a fake tl dr i m afraid that i was never hypomanic in the first place and it was all in my head labelling theory , my current medication while effective is dulling my moods cognition memory and could be dangerous to keep taking in the long term if i m not really bipolar, and i don t know what to do. i ll preface this by saying that i m not seeking medical advice or re diagnosis, just venting and looking for general advice or shared experiences from people who know they have bipolar. i don t feel comfortable opening up to my therapist about this because she doesn t believe me, and i have a strained weird relationship with my psych. apologies in advance for the wall of text. so history. i was initially diagnosed with mdd in late high school but had recurring episodes since age 13 , put on zoloft, and once i titrated up on a higher dose i started to feel restless and hyper to the point where i wondered if those were side effects. so i googled and found out what hypomania was. even though a lot of the symptoms were similar, what i was experiencing wasn t as harmful or destructive. i also did not experience the two suspected episodes for very long, maybe 4 5 days tops. in fact, i was very productive and somehow ended up doing paid work for this relatively well known animator illustrator on the internet that i would ve otherwise never dared to message out of the blue. so i wasn t too concerned. it was psychomotor agitation and racing thoughts that made me uncomfortable, but those aren t exclusive to hypomania. other stuff happened but i don t want to write a laundry list of symptoms actions. but then i saw things like, even if you have the slightest concern, it can turn into full blown mania!! especially if you have a bipolar relative!! and my anxiety kicked in. i stopped seeing my psych for unrelated reasons and cut off my meds. then something traumatic happened which triggered a year long depression. so i got a new psych that diagnosed me as bp2. however, in retrospect, i m wondering if i exaggerated my hypomanic symptoms and made myself believe i experienced it after researching it. what if that euphoria was really just the happiness from getting out of a depression and accomplishing new things in life? i got second opinions from other professionals who disagree with my psych and suggested adhd, dysthymia, or even a vague personality disorder big no for the latter . so i m confused. it s been a year since i ve been on medication lamictal and klonopin and i ve been tracking my moods on daylio. aside from good days, bad days, and occasional day long blips of intense moods, it s so purple. neutral. but i m functioning well! i m so glad that i have not been suicidal for so long, but it feels as though my emotions have been dulled or flattened. happiness is just mild contentment. seeing other people cry at a funeral without being able to feel their pain feels so uncomfortable. if i were truly bipolar i would have definitely had at least one hypomanic episode by now but it hasn t happened. with these meds, i also get brain fog every once in a while and i feel that my memory is much poorer. i was actually thinking of switching to another psych i live far from my current one and my mother hates her so that i can explain my situation and try something different. but if my current medications are working to an extent is it worth it? if i m not actually bipolar, staying on this medication for the long term might do more harm to my body than good. no matter how you look at it, all of this is risky. does anyone have any personal experience that is similar to this? thoughts or advice?
throwaway, can i vent for a moment? i'm currently undiagnosed getting there.. why does it take so long to see a pysch? , but i had one of those oh shit, i was so crazy i convinced myself i wasn't crazy moments a few months ago after i checked myself into a psychiatric hospital in the middle of the night while going through a month of full blown mania without really realizing what it actually was. i didn't want to get hospitalized so i kinda lied my way out, idk why. i probably shoulda gone but i just wanted to talk to someone and in the moment the idea of a hospital bed was the last thing i wanted. feels fuckin bad man. i didn't ask for this shit. i really should have seen the signs earlier though. i was such a bright kid and then when i was like 16 i just dropped off the face of the earth. or when i was 19 and i drank myself into a near coma and flipped my car 3 times and walked away without a scratch, or that time i dropped out of college suddenly to become a plumber after sleeping 16 hours a day for months, or when i was drinking myself into blackout daily just to cope with the pain. i am so very fortunate to have a wonderful girlfriend that cheers me up when i am down, but sometimes she gets upset when im away . sometime's i'm ice cold. i just check out from the world. nothing gets in, and nothing gets out. it's like an emotional hostage situation. it might be for a day, it might be for a week, but i'm just gone. i just get so wrapped up in all of my racing thoughts. they kill me. i suffered from some serious childhood abuse so i often flashback into those memories definitely have a ptsd diagnosis coming as well and then before i know it, it's an hour later and my already shitty mood is just shot to oblivion. i am so. fucking. depressed. i've moved to a new city a year and a half ago and i don't have a single friend in my area besides roommates girlfriend. honestly, it scares me to talk to anyone i haven't known for years at this point. my desire to engage in friendships is shot. i would honestly rather fuck off in my room and work on my projects all day and night. sometimes i feel like code is the only thing in this world that makes sense. it just is, or it isn't. there's no grey. and that brings me to the next thing... ever since i realized that there is actually something wrong with my head, i have been lower than low. i pride myself in my mind and my work. i refuse to be limited. i just can't accept that for some months of the year when i'm low , my critical thinking is shot. it makes me feel so fucking useless. and somehow, despite all of this, i am doing relatively well for myself. so there's that i guess. i do seriously wonder how long i'll be able to keep this up. i just can't really help but feel that there is just no fucking point to anything anymore besides my work. i don't feel as if i could ever possibly achieve happiness, so i spend my time working towards some stupid never ending monetary goal. in mania, i have a hard time discerning what is real. the one thing that i can understand is that money is the only god, and with enough money you can do anything. so i pursue this because it is a constant, providing stability above all else. if i could fuck off to some island with my girlfriend and enough books a working computer, i don't think i'd ever come back. i feel different. i'm losing my ability to blend in. i just act.. very eccentric to put it in a good way. and i feel like its becoming noticeable. i guess that's the end of my ramble. i feel embarrassed when i open up like this. sometimes i find it hard to believe there are people just like me who are struggling just as much..... it's a lonely world.
just casually sharing my life story i never share my genuine and real problems with anyone close to me and i just want to get some things off my chest. disclaimer don't be stupid and go off your medication in a single day without anybody watching it like i did. this could seriously harm you, don't do it, learn from my mistakes. also try not to lie if that's a problem for you. amp x200b when i was 14 my mother first took me to a gp to ask for a referral to a children's psychiatrist. from there on it was a whirlwind of seeing different psychiatrists and receiving different diagnoses. 2 years later it was agreed that i had bipolar ii and i was put on medication and sent to therapy. amp x200b i'm not sure how medication worked for me, i was prescribed some mood stabilisers and i took them, and after i was asked how they work for me i said yeah, they are great, despite not feeling any difference at all. therapy didn't help me either, i'm a self diagnosed compulsive liar and therapy did nothing for me because i just lied to my therapist about a bunch of trivial things, so i never allowed her to get close. i think i lie mostly because i don't like people getting to know too much about me and my life, though often i also just lie for no reason at all. i'm not a sociopath or psychopath, i do experience emotions very much and sometimes i get angry at myself for lying to people i care about. amp x200b for some reason, at some point when i was 17 i just could not manage to call my psychiatrist nor my therapist for another appointment. my mother, who is a supportive and kind person normally, who however always stigmatised and made fun of me for mental health issues despite having some herself , refused to call them for me on the basis that i'm 17, i should be able to do this for myself now. amp x200b so, i never went back to my psychiatrist and that meant no more pharmacy recipes for my medication. that's how i uncontrolledly went off my mood stabilisers. it was a whirlwind and it pushed me right back to the start of my problems. don't do this. this is stupid and dangerous and not recommended by anybody. amp x200b since then i have learned to control myself better and i have learned coping methods that help me. i still know i am going through phases of depression and hypomania and rapid cycling. i am learning methods that help me push through it. i believe i'm at a point in my life where i have the will and drive to get help and medication again, but i try to cope. i'm turning 21 soon and currently enrolled half time at an online university. i study in english, which is not my native language, but i enjoy it very much and it's a field i am very very interested in. i have a boyfriend who is older than me and financially supports me. i am a supportive family that i could always come back to running, if i dropped out of university it would not be the end of the world. even though i dropped out of high school right before graduation because i stood no chance at ever passing the math final i could get a job and not worry about money, thanks to my family's circumstances. amp x200b now i mostly suffer from the 'side effect' symptoms of bp ii, as i like to call them delusions, emotional intensity, binging on various things and irritability. i sometimes get bouts of feelings of guilt for things that are long done with, or just for no reason. i feel highly emotional about wasting food, money, other things. which can be a challenge when you experience hypomania sometimes, lol. amp x200b thank you for reading if you came this far, i hope you're coping well. i'm not sure whether i ever told my story this honestly.
a mother s letter about forgiveness and psychsosis i just wanted to share a letter my mother schizoaffective bp i wrote to me bp ii . i have been here under many different usernames but the gist of it is that my mother, who i love with all of my heart, has been psychotic many times while i have grown up and the rest of my family has frequently abandoned her. she seems sometimes evil and terrifying and i can t blame those who are less educated for being fearful. but i feel that this letter she wrote me encompasses how human we still are in psychosis. just because our reality is different doesn t mean we are any less human or have any less capacity for love or caring. you are never less than simply because the reality around you changes. i will say i am immensely traumatized by my mothers psychosis and wouldn t wish it on anyone or anyone s loved ones, but i would give up anything to be there for my mother and to have lived this life being able to love and care for her. her letter i've wanted to write about this for a long time, but the memory is so special to me, i wanted the writing to do it justice. but it just hit me that it is a good birthday sending. do you remember those flesh colored flats you had? they triggered my manic thought, walk a mile in lilychickadees shoes. i bought some just like them at walmart and would wear them when i wanted to keep you with me in spirit. because every time i go manic, 'they' always say, lilychickadee is the strong one. last spring, i had maybe three months when i was manic, but not in the hospital. you dad wouldn't let me drive smart man , so i took the bus everywhere. one day i had a caseworker appointment in edinburg. i took the bus to the depot in downtown m, and from there another bus to e. i told the driver to tell me when we got to fg. he did, and i got off. i didn't realize i got off on j. do you know how far j is from the expressway where my hospital is located on fg? miles. hahahaha. so i started walking down fg. in my mania it seemed as though the expressway moved further away from me as i walked! i'm very serious about that. suddenly that purple purse i was carrying like a baby transformed into you i used to carry you everywhere when you were a baby and the way that feels apparently doesn't leave a mother's memory. i was carrying you, keeping in mind how i need to walk in your shoes. i was so so so distraught by the thought of you traumatized when taking care of me in my mania psychosis. i walked and walked and walked and walked. and walked while expressway moved further away. you never left my mind as i carried you and walked. it turned into a way for me to prove my love for you after all you've suffered for me. i thought i would walk and carry you like this forever if it meant you could experience some ease after struggling so hard. i barely made it before tt closed, and my caseworker who i had never seen before took so long it was the night before we left for her to drive me home. she took expressway and do you know, every single light car lights, traffic lights, expressway signs and billboards, businesses everything that had a light, that light looked incandescent like you see psychedelic colors portrayed. i rode with my mouth open! all i could think is that heaven had come to earth as in the lord's prayer thy kingdom come. i felt lt god gt giving his approval for how unquestionably and unfalteringly i proved my love for you. which made me think he set the ordeal up in the first place! lights i emphasize that it was light have never shone like that for me again. you are so special. my love for you is unparalleled. happy birthday.
needing validation ive never posted on this subreddit before because i am not officially diagnosed bipolar, but i went from mdd to an unspecified mood disorder in less than a year. some bg im a college sophomore. the first time i ever went to therapy was march of last year. i started lamictal in december. growing up mental illness was just not a thing to my parents, so i never saw any doctor or pdoc. basically, ive had to do and learn everything myself regarding mental illness and treatment. but i think im reaching a burnout. the lamictal is great, however my focus issues, which ill just address as adhd i have vivid memories of almost never sleeping during pre school nap time and instead lifting up our bed mats with my legs, and ive heard my mom say she has it are still something i don't have treatment for. not being diagnosed with anything as a kid has made this journey incredibly difficult, especially concering adhd. while ive improved drastically since freshman year i had a debilitating depressive episode where i ended up with a 0.8 gpa , i haven't made progress with the adhd. last friday i went to an adhd screening for testing at my school's psych services office as im required to have the school's insurance anyways. it was the most discouraging experience. i told the woman that ive had focus issues and homework issues for as long as i can remember. i told her exactly what my thoughts would be like in a class, my horrible sleep quality, my difficulties around getting my work done, etc. i talked to her about the very recent development regarding my mood disorder. she told me that she thinks what i was describing is related to other issues, which were out of their scope and recommended me to a doctor who has a semester long waitlist for full psychological testing. which would be at least 400, 4,000 if i didnt have insurance. last semester i dealt with adhd by meeting with a professor every week to go over assignments. i got accommodations from a few classes even without being registered with disability services. however, that's not 100 the case with all my classes this semester. i was struggling before that screening but now im struggling even more. i have a test tomorrow morning i have not studied for, not to mention i did not do at all an essay assignment, and i havent done the workbook pages due by the test. i had to ask for an extension for a paper in another class the night before because i hadn't even written it. ive missed meetings and work. that friday night i tried to find coke. sunday night i took 5 shots at 1am. monday i bought adderall and took 3 4 of it, and ive never taken adderall before. i have not done anything but stay in bed because the thought of even trying to tackle my immense amount of work is so overwhelming. i know it takes a while to get a diagnosis but like i said, i am feeling so burnt out. how many more doctors do i have to see? how many more episodes do i have to go through and other self destructive behaviour? my family is no help either, my father threatened to not pay my tuition when he found out i was taking meds and refused to tell him. the rest are just invalidating. i don't know what to do or figure out what i need to find out. i am so tired of not having anything. my chest literally hurts and im curled up in bed in the dark crying. im sorry this is so long but ive never had the chance or resource to really talk about this stuff honestly that im just letting it all out now. im just desperate for some reassurance and validation at the very least.
trying to get diagnosed... also looking for health insurance hi, i recently have started on the journey to get some help. and new to this sub. i've been reading but to scared to put myself out there. i don't know if i'm bipolar. i've done a bunch of research and i believe i can trace manic highs and depressed lows as far back as very in early in life... i'm 28 now. the last 4 full swings as i call them took about 4 and a half to 5 years to run their course. they gotten more pronounced as i started adulthood. this last one landed me a 3 month mania build up with full blown mania for about a month i wish i could explain this part better... all i can say is that i was not myself and i was pretty delusional about what i could and couldn't accomplish... sleeping three or four hours every day or two and trying to do everything and then one of the hardest depressions i've ever experienced for roughly four or five months suicidal thoughts, complete isolation from everyone and everything including work, weight gain of about 70 pounds, increased self loathing . i'm also a complete fuck up in life. so maybe that's a consideration. this last time, the catalyst for my swing was believing i could do a new job, and then eventually hiding from it because i couldn't carry some of the tasks out due to anxiety. i guess i wanted to give out some info since i see a lot of you guys share yourselves openly... and maybe vent, too. so two days ago was tough. and i've been thinking and thinking about trying to get help, but the farthest i've gotten is two therapy sessions with someone i really didn't hit it off with. so after having a shitty wave of self hatred that day, i decided to call around again. i found a practice with a therapist and psychiatrist. i went through the process of setting up an appointment to first see the therapist and then the psychiatrist. i don't have health insurance. it's a steep bill, but i can pay it. as a side note, before i tried the new job, i landed myself a decent paying job that is also self employed so i can take days or even weeks off without too many reprocussions. i've done that going on 6 years. it's very difficult to explain but i developed a skill at this job and i could do it the rest of my life if i wanted. but because it is set up the way it is, it doesn't give me health insurance, retirement, or any benefits you might find at other jobs. i figured if i was going to shell out a wad of cash to self pay for trying to get help and ongoing therapy if it's recommended , i should look at just self paying for insurance. i just don't know where to start so i don't get health insurance sales calls. i didn't even know those existed. i was called almost 20 times in 6 8 hours. fuck maybe more. and i was trying to work. i don't want to risk another set of health insurance salespeople having my information. i just found my state's marketplace? seems more legit than the 2nd ad on google. does anyone have experience or a better starting place? i asked a family member but no one is in this particular situation. and i don't even understand how health insurance works really. i'm in my kinda of even place in the episodes. truth be told, if i hadn't had an exceptionally hard day two days ago and talk to someone about it briefly i probably wouldn't be asking for help. i never really ask for help. but i feel the shit building up against my demons again and i'm so afraid of another swing. i just want of this train. i need a change.
i took a shower and it was glorious since the beginning of december i've been struggling with a couple of manic episodes. as the month went on i noticed a spike in my anxiety, but it was around the holidays and i was able to get a handle on it for the most part with my xanax prescription. after a negative experience with my father during the holidays, my anxiety only increased until by january i couldn't get a handle on it. it developed in to full blown paranoia. i was and still somewhat am convinced i was being watched, especially from the strip of woods behind my house. every time my german shepherd would let out a guard dog bark at the back door i would lose my shit. if i needed to go to the grocery store i would go either very early in the morning or very late at night when there would be virtually no one there. if i turned to go down and aisle and saw another person there, i was overcome with a sense of uncomfortable dread and would wait in hiding until i saw them leave the aisle and go elsewhere. this lasted me all of january and i shamefully only showered maybe two or three times from the beginning of december to the end of january. i kept my hair tied up and didn't brush it unless i was going to shower. my first shower since maybe all of january or at least the middle of it, and when i went to take my hair tie out it just kept getting more tangled. i had to have my fiance cut it out of my hair, and when i tried to unwrap the bun it wasn't unwinding. i asked him to look at it and he was shocked and told me my hair was completely knotted together. luckily he was able to untangle it without having to take scissors to it. and let me tell you, even with a detangler brush the layer of knots on top and underneath my hair were ruthless. my hand cramped up during it and my eyes may have teared up a couple times but i got through it. unfortunately, for the past week and a half i did not shower and did not brush my hair. same results as far as my fiance having to cut out another hair tie and unknot my hair, but that shower was heavenly! i got the shampoo super lathery and just scrubbed every inch of my scalp. then i let a deep conditioner sit while i washed my body and was able to do a second wash after i rinsed the conditioner and used my medicated body wash for my body acne chest, back, and even upper arms! i put all my products in my hair about 8 totally i believe and exfoliated my face and neck and put on a super moisturizing mask before doing my normal skincare routine. i'm going through a manic episode now, and was up all night but i was able to take a shower and get ready early enough to actually be on time for once since my best friend maid of honor was coming over so we could go to my mom's and get my save the dates addressed and ready to finally send out, seeing as they were supposed to be done end of december early january. i also did 4 hours worth of much needed cleaning and decluttering. i feel very accomplished and refreshed but at the same time a little invalidated because most of this most likely wouldn't have gotten done if i wasn't manic. still, my hair is soft, my skin is glowing, and my save the dates are finally done! hopefully after my appointment with my psychiatrist on tuesday, i can get on the road to getting my moods and emotions to a manageable level. if you read this, i hope you are having a wonderful day, and know this illness doesn't own you!
i quit smoking weed and my life has gotten way better i was diagnosed bipolar 2 about a year and a half ago, but i havn t had the opportunity to go on meds yet because i ve been moving around a lot, lost my insurance, bullshit like that. i started smoking weed for the first time during a manic episode about 6 months ago and smoked nightly no matter what my mood state was. if i was manic i would smoke all day everyday to feel less up , and if i was depressed or baseline i smoked to wind down at night or to distract myself from being depressed. i swore by weed and told all my friends it was actually making me more stable, but i see now that i was just numbing my symptoms. i was in a manic episode for the last month of these 6 months, this recent february. every night during this month the smoking started giving me 3 hour panic attacks. it started slowly, maybe the first week i would just get paranoid about stuff like cops, and then i started hearing voices ontop of the paranoia, and then i slowly became convinced that i secretly had some medical issues that could kill me every second, and then finally the last week or two i would smoke and just become completely convinced i would die in my sleep. this even happened at a party, i didn t even smoke that much but began hearing voices and had to leave the party early. it was humiliating. and being convinced you re going to die is very traumatizing, especially when it happens night after night. i would be laying in my bed shaking, too high to even cry, and praying to god to forgive me for my sins since i was going to die that night, all while listening to classical music to try and calm down and hearing voices speak over the music. finally i just said, why the fuck am i paying for weed, paying to have these panic attacks? so i threw it all away. this was about a week ago, and i ve been a week sober for the first time in 6 months. i can already notice myself returning back to normal. i hadn t realized how much weed was affecting my brain even when i wasn t high. i have wayyy less anxiety, whereas when i was smoking i was wondering why i was suddenly developing anxiety. i wake up feeling refreshed and not still high from the night before. i don t think every little ache and pain in my body is secretly cancer or something that s going to make me magically drop dead. i m not paranoid about cops busting in and arresting me for no reason. i was derealized for a long time and nothing felt real, and now everything feels real again. i hadn t realized how fucked up weed was making me. i guess i wanted to post this because i ve seen people on here say the same things i used to swear by, that weed is ok to self medicate with and that it actually reduces your symptoms. if you start getting paranoid when you smoke, you need to stop before it becomes psychotic panic attacks like i was having. i finally feel like i m returning back to my normal self. i m not even sad about having to quit like i imagine doing i d be. i have literally no desire to smoke anymore, i d do anything if it means i didn t have to suffer another 3 hour panic attack of hearing voices and saying farewell to the world as i fall asleep and prepare to die. so yah, use weed if you want. but be aware that it gets bad very quickly, and likely is affecting you when you re not high and you don t even realize it. take a week off and see what happens.
questions for you people, who are bipolar. hey, i'm actually not bipolar, but my ex girlfriend is and i had some questions regarding the disorder. i hope that this is allowed on this subreddit, if it isn't then i'm sorry. we dated for 2 years. before we got together she was in a manic episode and then afterwards we got together. at this point i didn't even know that she was bipolar. she had social anxiety, schizophrenia and depressions, the same as me, so we worked perfectly together. we would sit at home, playing videogames and were just enjoying the company of the other person. then her life changed. she finally found the motivation to get into a new class and i think this is what triggered the manic episode. she was suddenly a complete other person, she spent like 1000 all she had on creative things and new hobbies. she was really outgoing, which i wasn't used to at all. and then it happened. she met with another guy. then she met a second time with him. until then i just thought she is finally making friends, but then she cancelled a date with me to go out partying with the guy and another friend of hers. that was the moment i realised something was seriously wrong. we had a talk. she didn't cheat, but she also made it pretty clear that she does not want the relationship anymore. i asked her why and she couldn't even give me an answer. she tried to explain it by feeling like she is trapped in a cage. and i first thought that she meant she wants sex with other guys, but no. she told me she misses the time from before the relationship her last manic episode . and yes i know that it sounds like she cheated, but she didn't, i know this for a fact. even more things happened. she proposed the idea of a 1 month relationship break without cheating . i agreed. and i think that was the time where the manic episode manifested itself completely. after 1 month i texted her and her response clearly showed me that there is no spark of common sense left in her. she didn't care about anything anymore. she straight up told me that she knew 3 weeks ago already that it won't work. she told me she is currently at a restaurant with another guy and she will bring him with her later to pick up her stuff. when she arrived she had completely new clothes, a new haircut, tons of make up. but i also knew that she did not do any of this to hurt me. it was pretty obvious that she didn't really have a clue what her actions did anymore. it was almost like a child that just wants to have fun and that doesn't even realise how his actions affect other people. 1 week later i visited her parents to get back my stuff and they just cried and told me they don't know what's wrong with her and that she is behaving really weirdly lately. so now my questions for you guys what will happen once her manic episode is over ? will she feel regret and shame ? and what can i do to prevent that ? she tried to commit suicide multiple times in the past and i'm almost sure that once she realises what she has done, that she will do it again. and the last times i was there for her, but i'm scared that she is too ashamed to contact me this time. after the break up i texted her that she can contact me anytime, but i'm not sure if she will do it. i mean, what happens to you guys once the manic episode is over ? and especially what happens when the manic episode started like this ?
is this me? off my chest i'm not asking legit medical advice, all i'm wondering is some direction in why i am the way i am. and at the same time it's a bit of an off my chest . i've never felt quiet right, but i tried to accept it as i never wanted to be categorized as someone who's mentally ill. but lately i notice i'm getting worse and the only way to describe it for me when i found the word 'manic depression' 'bipolar'. it's as if i felt understood for the first time. a lot of my time i spend alone on my room, except when i go out to meet friends. so my family doesn't know much of my personality. last summer i had a job at the same restaurant my sister works and she coworkers noticed how i'm often staring into space while smiling, and this is a big part of me. whenever i experience this full on power high feeling, as described by people during manic depression, i get lost in my fantasies and i feel as if the world surrounding me no longer exist and build up whole scenario's and imagine people to be near me. for example i would imagine to be in a big house, while holding a conversation with a person i want to speak with and i would laugh at their jokes as if it were their jokes. most of the time my life is amazing in these deep daydreams, sometimes they could be described as another persons nightmare. i'm not even hating this. i feel a part of it is a coping mechanism which goes hand in hand with my natural creativity. and i love the force of energy i have during these moments. how i can smile as if i'm drunk just by staring and thinking about all the amazing things i can accomplish. by thinking how charming i am. and then the next second i could cry. i'm not sure if it's how i really feel, sad. or if it's an overload of happiness that makes me sad in the moment. buti really burst of energy in which i actually do accomplish a lot. i know it's not a healthy me, but it's the best version of myself if i want to get things done. i feel as if it isn't totally me, but more a phase. but i love who i am during this phase. because the other part of me is depressed and has no energy. i hate admitting to this part, because while i know my life situation sucks and would had likely made anyone insane, and as i have experienced horrible things and have anxiety, i hate accepting that a big other side of me is useless by depression. as i feel like i'm constantly trying to fight it and these moments of feeling high happy actually make me feel at times as if i'm on the right track. but now i read more about this subject, i feel i'm not winning any battle at all when feeling high on energy, is just another extreme on the spectrum. the weirdest thing i have done in these daydreams is travel to another country because i felt like i could financielle it wasnt the greatest choice , like it could be amazing. i fell asleep in the airplane and once i woke up i was wondering what i was doing. i don't regret it and still had an okay time for a couple of days, but i do notice it isn't normal behaviour and cried one night wishing to be home again. i'm planning to upload soon a cover of me singing on the internet, but i'm slightly afraid of the attention among friends i will get, as it will likely impact my emotions. i'm not into getting attention as it will bring out either side of me, but i never know which one. sigh, will be a rollercoaster.
best bipolar videos i've found youtube since i was diagnosed, i've been nigh obsessively looking for all the videos on bipolar i could find. i thought the community would like a compilation of what i've found stephen fry's the secret life of the manic depressive parts 1 https www.youtube.com watch?v yt f0dmzru , 2 https www.youtube.com watch?v p7tln57pf 8 , and 10 years later https www.youtube.com watch?v 9njea9t4vs0 stephen fry's intimate expose into his own bipolar, how it's affected his life, and the research being done at the time of filming. of two minds https www.youtube.com watch?v w spgw2v4zs a documentary that follows multiple individuals with bipolar disorder as they try to manage their condition and learn about it. dr. patrick mckeon what bipolar disorder is and what to do https www.youtube.com watch?v vhgf82yy33q a lecture given on bipolar disorder discussing the features and traits of the illness, what aggravates it, and how to avoid the condition. features of how it can present. ride the tiger a guide through the bipolar brain https www.youtube.com watch?v oxnbafqinom a documentary looking at the neuroscience behind bipolar disorder, and the technologies being used to explore the illness and possible treatments. mindscape richard dreyfuss on living with bipolar https www.youtube.com watch?v ase6c4xkiac a 20 minute long interview with richard dreyfuss on his struggle with bipolar and treatment. coping with bipolar disorder eight practical strategies https www.youtube.com watch?v ly5zmx3zorc lecture broken up into three parts given by david miklowitz, author of the hugely helpful bipolar disorder survival guide https www.amazon.com bipolar disorder survival guide second dp 1606235427 , including practical tips to help manage and prevent episodes, as well as what leads up to them. bipolar disorder preventing relapse, by dr. patrick mckeon https www.youtube.com watch?v 6mdopkvbqna lecture given on how to prevent relapse in bipolar disorder. what's new in bipolar disorder? https www.youtube.com watch?v 4xwjbm6qici a lecture by paul erickson, md on the then most current developments in bipolar disorder. docs being bipolar https www.youtube.com watch?v cmflendkwxy a mental health documentary looking at bipolar disorder, multiple people that have been affected by it, by a psychologist seeking to understand the disorder better. mood disorders and creativity https www.youtube.com watch?v 8moha o4ei lecture given by kay redfield jamison on famous historical figures that may have suffered mood disorders, and how their possible disorders may have impacted their work. spoilers bepeeps like poetry. lol kay redfield jamison understanding suicide https www.youtube.com watch?v mvv6vlasfvq a lecture on suicide, the scope of the problem, given by kay jamison, bipolar patient and researcher. why do people die by suicide? https www.youtube.com watch?v arywx88jmxw a lecture given on suicide including warning signs, how to talk to someone that's suicidal, and why people commit suicide. note the techniques presented in this video helped me talk a fellow redditor through a depression that they couldn't see a way through. definitely recommend this video. there's a metric shitton of videos out there. here are some of the best i've found. hope you can find some use out of them! lt 3
dear people of bipolarreddit, please help me what can i expect? hello r bipolarreddit. good morning to each and every one of you. please, i badly need your help and advice. the benefit of your experience would be absolutely priceless to me. my very best friend has always been completely stable in fact she's the rock of our friend group. she and i always spoke every single day, ever since we were 11. we would write and share poetry go to movies together do kitchen gardening together shop together ride horses together watch tv for hours together even travel together we've been to portugal, spain, mexico, the bahamas, peru, and canada. we are southern and she really is as sweet as pecan pie. i love her like a sister. her 30th birthday was three months ago, december 28. she was not herself speaking rapidly, having amazing ideas, vastly inflated self esteem, incredibly project oriented, overly friendly to everyone, no filter when speaking lots of sextalk, really a no no in al , said she didn't sleep anymore. it was frightening to watch. a doctor friend who was at her birthday party told me quietly he thought she was manic. he was right. the past three months has been hell. she has been hospitalized twice. she lost her job and her boyfriend. she is spending all of her money. all she wants to do is go out to honkeytonks and drink, or go out dancing in the nearest city formerly she had no interest in either activity . my momma was a raging alcoholic and i have terrible anxiety about drinking and in general , so i simply cannot go out with her. she is being aggressive to strangers when she is out. she has de escalated a few times but not to the point of normality we went to see a romcom and she laughed loudly at every joke, but very artificially, almost inappropriately . i am so scared for her. before her second hospitalization she attacked her boyfriend and her sister this is why her bf left . she refuses to take her risperdol. will she ever be normal again? she is in denial. after her first hospitalization she told me was fine. i am exhausted and run down from the uncertainty of it all and frankly a little afraid of her. i already know we will never travel together again, but will she ever be my poetry writing, mint growing bff again? i really struggle to be around drunk unpredictable people. even her horse seems nervous around her now. i am desperate to help her but i feel myself pulling away because i can't condone or participate in the drinking aggression toward strangers. i cannot speak to her honestly about her condition because she doesn't believe she has it. bp1 is not!!!!!! a problem for me in our friendship but her choice to drink and not take meds is. i feel my trust vanishing. it is so heartbreaking. her very religious gamma recently told me she feels her granddaughter is dead. i have read every single thing i could find about bp1 but i'm still confused about outcomes. i have been there for her as much as i can, was right there after the first hospitalization, have taken her out to flower shows, a dressage event, and dinner even when she's irritable and delusional , but i am just so scared. i am scared of her. please help us. what can i do? what can i expect? god bless all of you. god bless your families. i hope you all feel good today.
bipolar and shrooms hi just last year i was diagnosed bipolar type ii. i'm not really clear on my diagnose since i've never been on a manic state, my psychiatrist says i have hypomania. but the truth is that most of the time i'm really depressed. i get triggered by an ongoing relationship with a friend that used to be my boyfriend but now just see each other from time to time and have sex. we love each other but kind of in a friendly way. this new relationship dinamic that has been going on since december last year, has been a real struggle for me since i really don't want to loose his support and love and sex. it means a lot to me maybe the only thing that keeps me going on. most of the times we don't talk during the week and i wait for him to talk to me, this makes me very sad and it triggers my depression. not long ago i decided that i wanted to do shrooms. 6 years ago i did them but i was naive and a fool, i did a very low dosage and i was a very different person from now, i didn't get very much insight. now i would like to consult with magic shrooms, 1 gram to start off. last year has been a rollercoaster for the meds. right now i'm taking 250 mg of lamictal, topamax 25 mg 3 times a day, risperidal 0.5 mg and 200 mg of quietapine. i'm really open to all suggestions, i'm hoping this can be an eye opening experience that will help me in the future, maybe help me being so dependant on relationships. i'm thinking about doing this with a friend we would like to do it on a place with lots of nature. the first time i did it was on the woods and i was really happy and connected to the greenery of the forest. please let me know your opinions edit please so that you may understand a little bit more about my relationship. i do not feel like i'm in a bad relationship. in fact we have a great dinamic and connection and we understand and love each other. we decided to stop labeling as girlfriend boyfriend because right now it can bring so much stress in this period of our life's. it my case it was making me enter into a very dependant attitude and he was sucking up all of that energy and getting depressed too. so we decided to break up, stop seeing each other with the same frequency, start acting more like friends, and when we see each other indulge in sex as a natural and healthy activity and enjoy or spend some time together watching movie, hiking on the nature. so if you see we have been doing this maybe 2 months or so. we see each other every 2 weeks or 1 week. he tells me that this year's that he is focused on creating and expanding his work not really looking for a girlfriend and i do believe him so when he tells me this. i'm really on the same boat with this, i just got a good paying job, i'm painting, eating healthy, taking my meds, exercising a bit, sleeping on time. he will be travelling on june maybe to europe 3 months and it will be tough for me but i think that that time will be a deciding period for me to think things over. i will miss him very much but it will make me a tougher woman i'm 28 but sometimes i still feel like a little afraid girl. i'm still very positive that everything will turn all right and that even with him or without him i'm going to be okay. today i woke up in a good mood.
7 years later tales from an so hey all. a whiiiiiiile back i had a really rough week. and i wrote about it here. https np.reddit.com r bipolarreddit comments fy8mx its a long story but i need to tell it well, i just wanted to say life is fucking grand. yeah, chris has bipolar. yeah, his medications suck. but he's up again. he's doing again. this isn't a sudden thing either, this has been slow and gradual and we wouldn't want it any other way as if we had it faster that's... bad news. but... our relationship is better than it's ever been. i stuck through the worst of things and honestly the worst was only about 1 2 years. only. i know that's a long time but seriously, compared to eternity, it's nothing. during that 1 2 years time i basically had lost all hope, and was only driven by my promise and loyalty to my husband. promises that were hard to keep because he seemed like such a doppelganger. we kept adjusting medications. we lowered stress in our lives. i took over on all the hard stuff and i give chris whatever latitude i can. i've lost my judgementality. chis still judges himself very strongly and i am trying to help him be less critical. he's come a long way but he wants to help more and i think this is a good sign. he just needs to be more patient with himself. about 4 years ago he had another psychotic break. this was while he was medicated. but the problem was we were moving. the stress of this put him over it's something that happens. but the second time was much milder, much easier. firstly, everything was set up so we had a p doc the best, thank you madeline, god, thank you so god damned much and he had medication, and he was able to recognize the discrepancies. the first time through he had no idea something had gone wrong in his head. but this time he did and it made a huge difference. here's where i wrote about it http www.pushypixels.com post 122389851999 missing the man who is there at one point, sorry the picture is missing my hosting screwed up i'll have to fix that later. anyway, that was much milder and cleared up in a few months. so, all sounds pretty bad ish, not grand like i claim, but seriously, let's step back and look at things, specifically this statement gt during that 1 2 years time i basically had lost all hope i. had. lost. all. hope. i had lost the love of my life. he was gone. i was resigned to caring for his shell for the rest of my days. i even... god help me... i even wished for his death. or my own. and now i have him back. there are no words i can write to explain the magnitude of this. none. all the worldly troubles i've ever had have melted in the face of this tragedy. all of them. anyway, hope this was worth a little read. chris will be waking up soon and i am gonna cuddle him back into bed the moment he does! lt 3 edit tips for bipolar sos during the bad times take it a day at a time there's only so much you can do to help. get them their pills on time. force a smile, laugh even if you don't think you need to. be around when you can. you also have to help yourself. focus on work, focus on friends, focus on you. stop worrying every second about your so, the worries don't help either of you. during the good times enjoy the shit out of them
to preface, this probably belongs only in a diary or in the depths of the folds in my mind this might be a mess. how are you supposed to tell somebody, be it a mental health provider or a friend to confide in, that you d rather be dead than have to live with bipolar disorder? i m not suicidal. i m just exhausted. the help i ve received has been minimal at best. my original diagnosis was 10 years ago, and the treatment was and still is a joke. i was never the best patient, but my doctor told me that i was the bipolar poster child. i lived at home with my single mother, who moved to a different apartment at least once a year. she was a victim of domestic violence. the incident occurred around 2004, and this man the abuser played a minimal role in her life in the following 13 years. even though he s out of her life completely now, she will still play the victim card , as she s likely consumed by thoughts of the event. that being said, she refuses to confront her trauma. she played little to no part in helping me get any help for my mental illnesses or her own. due to constantly moving, when i could get any kind of professional treatment, it was never long lasting. i wasn t able to stay in therapy psychiatry and i surely wasn t able to stay on a medication long enough to tell if it was beneficial or not. this led to episodes of mania and depression that then led to hospitalizations that shattered my trust in everyone. my mother moved out of the apartment we lived in when i was 17. from that time until i was 20, i rapidly cycled through manic, hypomanic, psychotic manic, and crippling depressive episodes with great intensity. i wasn t able to tell where the mania ended and the depression began. i was mostly manic, which meant i didn t need treatment because i felt like a god completely untouchable. i got arrested, lost my job, and totaled my car. my mother had put me up in my own one bedroom apartment. after losing my job, i didn t have any income with which to pay my rent. i lost the apartment, too, and ended up homeless. i started to get back on my feet with a lot of help from friends, family, and my boyfriend at the time. i started self medicating with cannabis and the symptoms actually started to subside for a little while. i certainly won t say that it s an effective treatment method for bipolar disorder because i was still cycling, but i wasn t moving through episodes so quickly. for the past 5 years, i ve noticed annual depressive episodes with shorter, less severe hypo manic episodes. i currently have a psychiatrist whose not willing to give me anything other than abilify and hydroxyzine, which is basically just benadryl, but at least it helps me sleep at night. i m on the waitlist for therapy, with no openings in the next 90 days, at least. i have a stable job, steady income, a car, and a place to live. i try to get to the gym 3 times a week. i do yoga almost every day. things should feel better, but they don t. i m tired of taking care of myself. i m tired of babying my mental health. i m tired of trying to learn about bipolar disorder on my own because nobody ever educated me about my diagnosis. i do not have it in my anymore to keep doing all of this.
addictions and how the heck to quit a little background about myself. my name is michael. i am 28 years old and live in the usa. i have been diagnosed with bipolar for 8 months but lord knows ive been bipolar all my life. i have 2 addictions, they are video games and weed. they basically run my life. i have friends who do them but they aren't addicted, they're functioning adults even though they smoke and or play video games. some thoughts on this what is the cycle of addiction and bipolar? maybe it is that at some point in the cycle, you need help mentally, like anything to feel good because you're in the depressive part of the cycle, or maybe you're in the manic part and have to do something cool and fun so either way you go to your addiction, your life force, what keeps you here. then because of this and through this, you're addicted to something. amp x200b but like, so what? i'm just speaking out loud here, but i love my addictions. i don't want to quit them. i play league of legends, and smoke weed. i love doing it. am i really happy while doing those two things? deep down, i know the answer is not really , but at least i am not drowning in despair. my addictions keep me from going over the deep end, they are what make life okay . isn't it acceptable to use these things for my own benefit? amp x200b however this brings me to my next thought. do i over use them? i play league for like, 7 hours a day on average. i smoke constantly. i'm high right now as i type this. at work. was late because i woke and toked, played league for 2 hours, then came to work. my boss isn't happy with me. my addictions are a hindrance to my life, as you can see. amp x200b are video games and weed ruining my life? probably. will i regret it someday? i already do, and will probably continue to further regret they're use as i get older. but they're also saving me. amp x200b therefore i, like any other addict out there, don't know what to do. amp x200b if i decide to quit. 1. will life be bleak and dull or will it refill itself with other things? 2. will i just find a new addiction? i heard it's impossible to quit addictions, one has to replace addictions. 3. when i am drowning in bipolar, which is often, what do i use as a crutch instead of my addictions. i use video and games to escape! i escape from reality all the time because it is so vicious for me because i am bipolar. i see the world as hell, everything is horrible because i am depressed. when i am in this place, and i need to run away and can't use my addictions anymore, what do i do? that is the time when i would relapse, not knowing what to do but needing something to help me escape my problems. amp x200b 4. what about quitting addictions would improve my life? i look at this as a cost benefit ratio question. simply put is the cost of quitting my addictions worth all the work it will be? i will be missing out 100 on the things that i love , being league of legends and marijuana, and i will have to put in a lot of work finding new things to spend my life doing. and i probably wont find them as much fun as my addictions! fuck that man, why the hell should i quit? what makes it worth it? i can't find an answer man.
tired of mania and i just want it to stop i ve been in a mixed episodes i guess since around december with about a month of hypomania preceding it. right now i feel stable but i m all over the place. i was switched from latuda to vraylar in december, and my doctor added 1 mg klonopin up to 2x a day and 100 mg trazodone. my meds i m still on, and was on before is 500mg depakote 3x a day, lexapro 5 mg, and temazepam 30 mg. so i m on a lot of meds and i was putting a lot of faith into trying this vraylar since it s supposed to treat mixed episodes, and some of my symptoms have dissipated or gone away like i m not as physically and mentally agitated, and my thoughts have slowed a bit, but i m still having these outbursts of rage where i feel completely out of control and aggressive, and then i feel shame and embarrassment because i have no impulse control when, and leading up to these outbursts, and before. i had to move back home with my mom a couple weeks ago because i quit was sort of pushed out of my job in december because my episode was escalating and i couldn t manage my caseload. my boss was a social worker and said she d call me in january to see if i was ready to come back to work and she never did so i just figure that my job i ve built my career around is now just obsolete because of my circumstances for leaving. i blew all my savings in december and january by going on a trip to vegas and then other stupid shit. i m not hearing things anymore like i was, but my thoughts are disorganized and i m not sure if my thinking is accurate. i ruined most of my relationships with people within a few weeks in december, so i ve been isolating myself from the people i do know, but i still keep putting myself in not so ideal circumstances with people i don t really know or really care to be around if it weren t for the impulse to do some of these things. i don t know why i can t control this. the klonopin and trazodone aren t cutting it for sleep. i m supposed to use the klonopin and temazepam and trazodone together, but apparently there s been a shortage of temazepam so i haven t been able to fill that since early december. my therapist and psychiatrist have been trying to keep me out of the hospital, but i m starting to feel crappy and just kind of weak feeling. i cry nearly everyday, which is very abnormal for me, and i feel like i can t eat so my body s starting to feel like shit. my therapist brought up the prospect of ect today. i m 25 and the thought that i m already having to escalate to even having that kind of conversation was terrifying to me. i know it has advanced over the years, but it s still kind of scary. she also said if i don t seem better next week she s probably going to hospitalize me. i m so exhausted from it all and tired of going several nights with no sleep that i don t care anymore, but i think that means i probably don t need to go then. i also read relapses happen within a year for most people even with successful ect treatments. i m just feeling so worthless. has anyone had ect treatments? did it actually help? or just any advice in general? thanks
mixed episode, first episode of any kind in years hi all, i just went through a mixed episode or at least what i think was a mixed episode, never had one before after being consistently healthy for 4 years. in reflection, i ve realized how much i ve taken my good health for granted. i d forgotten what it was like to feel completely out of control. i think i ve also been in denial in the past that i ever did anything outside of my control during an episode and downplayed it, but this was the kick in the pants that reminded me what it s really like. anyway, in the aftermath there are some things that are still really getting me down pretty sure i m still depressed . this is the first episode i ve had since my son was born. before he was born i expressed to my wife that i was worried about passing bipolar on to him, and i was even more worried about having an episode while i was home alone with him. well, i did end up having to be home alone with him a couple of times and it really terrifies me. at one point i was trying trying to get him into his car seat and he was giving me a really hard time. he wasn t being intentionally difficult, really he was just playing, trying to turn off the dome light. i ended up screaming at him in my driveway while i tried to get him into the seat so i could buckle him in. he started bawling. that was early on in the episode and at that point i hadn t realized yet that i was off in any way, but a couple minutes later i realized i had just done something that i would never, ever, ever normally do. the other times i was with him, i just felt so down that i could barely respond to his needs for food or a diaper change or whatever and definitely couldn t play with him. it was really hard to look at him in the face. he had no idea what was going on and couldn t understand why i couldn t read to him or play with cars when that s what we normally do every day. the one time i tried to read to him i started weeping before i got past the first page. like i said, i was worried that something like this would happen, but i was not at all prepared to handle it, nor was i at all prepared for how it would make me feel. after screaming at him i m worried i m going to become violent. and when i have trouble feeding him, it s just an overwhelming feeling that i can t take care of the kid that depends on me just to survive. i feel completely unable to parent properly and like i am a complete failure as a dad. it has me wondering if my family would be better off without me not necessarily in a suicidal kind of way, more like should i just leave? . in my mind i keep telling myself i m being irrational, but it s pretty hard to believe right now. my wife knows i m feeling down still and last night she asked me if i was going to be ok with him in the morning i get him ready for the day and take him to childcare for the day because she leaves early . i know it s a necessary question, but the fact that it even needs to be asked really cuts deep. anyway, idk what i m really looking for with this post. just needed to get it out.
can you be manic with low self esteem? tw suicide hey everyone, i just spent a night in a psychiatric assessment unit. before admitting myself, i hadn t slept in 90 hours, not because i couldn t, but because i didn t feel like i should. i wanted to keep being productive which is interesting because i was also too anxious to do things that i actually need to do reply to emails and texts, do work, self care and hygiene . this resulted in three terrible nights of organizing parts of my room, drinking, cutting, exercising, writing, and beating my tetris high score. i created more art and wrote more than i ever have in such short period of time. i kept making plans with friends, setting goals, etc while fully conscious that i would be too emotionally drained to do any of them the next day, which just lead to disappointment. the whole time i was awake, i was surging with adrenaline and didn t feel tired. i wasn t getting hallucinations or feeling sluggish like most people report after not sleeping for 3 days. this was especially strange because i usually feel tired after a normal 8 hours of sleep due to low iron, plus i was only eating 500 cal a day. instead, i felt alert and was able to do math homework, write, go to work, etc. one weird thing was that my train of thought was totally off..one second i would think i m getting out of the bath in two minutes and immediately follow that with what am i doing in two minutes? or i d be surfing reddit, see a recommended website, open a new tab, then forget what i was doing. the second night i was awake, i had this really strong urge to kill myself for about two hours very different from my normal passive i want to die thoughts this was like a primal irrational urge and i then spent the rest of the day totally out of it, like my brain was in a different place. i immediately forgot the details of those two hours after they happened so i can t even really describe it in detail. this whole not sleeping episode came right after a few months of feeling extremely depressed, unable to perform basic activities or care for myself, too anxious to go out or go to classes. anyways, all that to say that i met with a psychiatrist while i was in the unit, and she was considering the possibility of bipolar disorder i am already diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and depression . bipolar disorder is not something i have ever considered before. she was worried about putting me back on antidepressants in case it triggered more mania. what held her back was that generally you should feel an inflated self esteem during manic episodes, but i didn t feel that at all. i hated myself and felt more suicidal than ever before. so my question is is anyone here bipolar and feels low self esteem during manic episodes? is this possible? as a 17 year old going off to uni next year, gad and depression are already enough to deal with i truly hope i do not have bd. but if i do i d like to figure it out asap so i can start getting it under control. thanks for any help!
waited 5 weeks for a psychiatrist appt only to find out days before it that they scheduled me with an lpcc who cant even prescribe meds, which was the entire reason i made the appt. got referred to a psychiatrist from my pcp. behavioral center booked my appointment with a therapist got diagnosed with bipolar 2 a few weeks ago, my pcp said he didnt have the resources to properly treat so he referred me to a behavioral health center. so i've waited 5 weeks for this appointment. i was very clear while scheduling that this appointment was for seeking medication. this is the earliest appointment they could get me and it's only because they had a cancellation. got sent the info finally today for my appointment on friday. looked at it real quick on the portal and they've scheduled me for a telehealth session with an lpcc. i just looked it up and they cant prescribe medications. the entire fucking reason i made the appointment. i'm absolutely gutted. the amount of effort and energy it took me just to schedule the appointment with my pcp to get a referral because everyone i called said i needed that was astounding. i finally got the gumption to take hold of this shit and try to get better and this is what i get. i literally feel so defeated and like theres absolutely no point at all. i just came down from a hypo week and the depression is hitting hard and then i find this out. the rage and sadness i feel is literally making me physically ill and i feel like i could break all of my fucking fingers. i'm sure someone is going to comment and tell me to check myself into a facility for inpatient care. i cant fucking afford to. i have 100 in my bank account and payday isnt for another week. i cant take any time off work because i will literally not make my mortgage payment. i'm sure some people really benefit from therapy and maybe at a later point in my recovery from this shit i'll be more open to it but right now all i can think is how the fuck is talking to some stranger on the phone about my problems and them saying some stupid shit like oh i can hear how difficult this is for you, try these excersizes the next time you feel like you're getting unmanageable going to fix anything. i want to be fucking medicated. i want to get to the point where i can act or feel like halfway of a part of a normal fucking human being and maybe then i can focus on miss linda's breathing therapy. i have been looking so forward to this appointment and i've been so proud of myself for even making it. i felt like i could get through the swings these past few weeks because i had this to look forward to and maybe just fucking maybe i'd get even an ounce of relief from this shit or be on the road to an ounce of relief a means to an end. i felt like i was moving on from square one and on my way to progress and now i feel like i've fallen so much farther behind it. i'm going to have to find a different provider and wait another fucking six weeks through this shit. i cannot do this.
looking for advice about what to do now that i have no insurance. i really need some guidance and or suggestions. i have no support system and no one to talk this out with to figure out what i should do. amp x200b backstory i lost my job at the beginning of january. that on top of things that i was already dealing with and at the time i was unmedicated i ended up flipping my sh t and ended up in the mental health unit for a week. during that week they got me medicated with lamictal and latuda, stabilized and finally i was discharged with a follow up appointment with a pdoc already scheduled for me. the problem is that my insurance ran out at the end of january. i currently have no job not for a lack of trying, i just bomb the interviews horribly and no way to pay for a doctor's visit and my local resources can't do anything for me for a couple of months due to lack of openings through my county's community services board i don't know what the term is for other places but this is set up to handle mental health stuff for uninsured or under insured people . my awesome therapist decided to keep seeing me even though the insurance is now cancelled, and my primary doctor is going to work with me to get me taken care of as well. my therapist, the pdoc in the hospital, and my primary care doc have all advised me against going back to work right now and are urging me to seek temporary disability benefits as they all feel that i need a year or two to get back to a functioning level and i hated to admit it, but i agree with them because i am completely unable to handle leaving my house most of the time now days. they all told me to go to social services and apply for medicaid so that i can keep going to the doctor which i am working on as well as trying to figure out how to get disability. i have no insurance or money to pay for a pdoc appointment first appointment as a new patient is base priced at 300 and medications the lamictal i can get without insurance for around 15 while the latuda is about 1500. the makers of latuda offer a discount program themselves but it's only up to 600 which still leaves me about 900 to pay out of pocket so that does me no good.in the meantime, i have no idea how to get my medications refilled and i know that i can't just stop taking them. the pdoc in the hospital said the latuda would only be for a month and then he advised that i stop the latuda and go fully on the lamictal 2 times a day. of course that would ultimately be left up to the pdoc i was scheduled to see. should i contact my primary doc and see if she will write the rx as the pdoc said it should be be after the month of latuda was up? is there anything that anyone knows of that will help me get low cost or no cost help? amp x200b thanks in advance. i hate to ask here but i don't know where else to turn at this point and i don't want to annoy my doc or therapist until i have an idea of the direction that i should be going in first. amp x200b amp x200b
some questions from a newly diagnosed bipolar person hey, i am 18 and male and diagnosed bipolar. currently, the only things i am taking for my bipolar disorder are nac and fish oil. i am also diagnosed adhd, so if some of this is irrelevant, to bipolar disorder, i apologize in advance. onwards with the questions 1. my psychiatrist has tried to prescribe my mood stabilizers most recently lamotrigine , and i have refused to take them. i really enjoy the high feelings i get and don't want to give them up. i also am deathly scared of putting any drugs into my body. i do not even drink. has anyone tried this drug? what has your experience with mood stabilizers been? 2. some months, i legitimately cannot focus. like, even reading for me is just not going to happen. i meditate every day, and during some months, getting my self to sit still is a near impossibility. i am a master level chess player, but i have to play multiple games at once to properly stimulate myself. i have found that intense exercise especially weights and competition help a bit. i have also used audiobooks. does any have any other coping strategies when they cannot focus? 3. i am hypersexual. like, it is all i think about. if i wasn't so busy with sports, academics, and music, i would probably sleep with a different girl at least every week. i don't even really enjoy it i just sleep with a girl within 30 mins of meeting her at a party or on a first date and then i feel like shit the next few days. then, i think i really like her for a sec. then next week i decided i am bored with her and it's on to the next girl. the only girl i didn't get bored of was this other girl i slept with who had bipolar disorder too. she was just crazy enough to keep things interesting. she got a boyfriend though. i really want a stable relationship, but my habits seem to prevent that. on top of that, i have a horrible reputation because of the number of girls i have slept with and the way i have slept with them and used them mostly for sex although i have always had consent and never slept with even a tipsy girl . how do you guys hold down a stable relationship? it seems hopeless with hypersexuality, boredom, and mood instability. speaking of which 4. how do you deal with loneliness? i have many friends, but i still get lonely. i use sex to cope but that is clearly insufficient. a relationship would be ideal, and i am working on it, but is there anything else i can do? 5. how have you reconciled giving up these manic episodes when they are so appealing not just because of the emotions but also because you are better at everything, confident, and able to have life experiences you would never otherwise have. 6. how do you explain to your friends when they ask if you are on drugs right now or comment that it is like you are either marijuana your name or meth your name depending on the week. i don't want to tell them i am bipolar and i didn't even know for sure until recently .
exhausted and venting so i know this wasn t a good idea, but after about 8 months of taking my medication regularly lexapro, lamictal, and abilify i stopped taking them cold turkey. i stopped seeing my psychiatrist because it felt like a chore but i do see my therapist regularly. for a while after stopping my medication i started drinking every single night to get rid of the uneasiness i felt and just to help me sleep. drinking really became a nasty habit for me. one night after work i took it too far, i ve had problems with a. toxic relationship for a while and while at work he ended up blocking me out of spite and i didn t care much because i knew i would just go home and a have a drink. but , that night i came home and got so drunk i started getting super paranoid that someone was watching me and i was crying and i guess talking on the phone so loudly my mother came to check on me. i m 19 and still live with my parents but i was upset because she started questioning if i was drunk and said to hang up the phone but i told her i was finally happy and i don t remember much from that night but apparently the next day my mom told me tht i got violent with her and threatened to beat the fuck out of her if she didn t leave me alone. anyways, because of that night i haven t had any access to alcohol, and i m proud of myself for sticking to that because i would even drink at my boyfriends house and he could get me drinks if i wanted but i ve been good with it and the only substance i put in my body is nicotine now. but now that i ve been good with that stuff, i ve become angry, and i pick fights with whoever s around me, i get violent and suicidal thoughts and im at a point where i feel worthless. i don t think my environment is helping me. i dropped out of college and i know my parents are disappointed in me. because of my mental health it s been hard for me to get a job, and now i have a part time in the mall and it s a really good environment and very distracting. however my dad is on my case about how it s not a real job and i m pretty much useless in the house and i don t contribute to anything. i want to respect him and do more, but it s hard to be in a house where everyone is depressed and projects their issues. my mother is also bipolar but is always giving me advice she can t take. i know it s not easy having a kid who s bipolar, but it seems like they don t even try to understand me. everyday i wake up and feel so stuck. i feel like i don t have a place here. even my hardest isn t enough. i don t want to be here anymore. im tired and angry. i have no interest in anything anymore other than sex and work because it at least distracts me. also my cat too, she s the reason why i wake up every morning. other than that, i have no interest in doing anything with my life. i don t care about anything and i never have really. i m tired but here i am at 2 in the morning unable to sleep because i m burdened by my thoughts.
hey, i m new here! i just wanted to ask some questions. does anyone go through the whole range within a few weeks? ie, a i presume brief period of hypo mania, to the depressive stage, to anxious to eventually normal to then swing back round to it all? i m in denial, and don t want anything to be wrong. i ve had from what i remember in the past, two massive depressive periods the childhood one i can t remember too much about it. the last one, i was physically ill with it. my mil likes to remind me of how my body was here i most definitely was not. any manic episodes i have managed to keep myself in check, but this is i presume the anxiety s doing. i have an irrational fear of repercussions, that and a poor credit rating and normally contain it to getting new pets or some other thing that is a huge distraction. if i had access to money, i dread to think. drinking, i can go where i literally want to drink all the time, to never wanting to touch it, i also get suicidal after drinking a bit like how you feel after a manic episode, where you just think what a d k you ve made of yourself, and the shame over what you ve done, well, what you remember anyway i still don t know a lot about this illness, only recently been referred i see the mental health team every week, but i kept fobbing them off when bipolar was mentioned i m not bipolar! and for anyone from the uk, we pretty much only have stacey from eastenders as point of reference facepalm . i never act out on suicidal thoughts, health anxiety there too . also, does anyone forget a lot? eg, i literally washed and changed my daughter she s 1 1 2 and literally 5 mins after, i couldn t remember what all i did.. did i change her nappy? did i wash her? did i brush her hair for that one, i can see her hair has been brushed, but i can remember doing it i forget if i have eaten, went to the toilet. work, i struggle so much. i get anxious over it, i can t face them when i go back after being off sick. the looks i m given, the questions as to why i was off and if i m feeling better all in good heart but i get so ashamed i can t manage. i struggle to get up and ready to go in. when i m there i struggle with deadlines, and adherence everything is timed. i accidentally got a new job, in a completely different sector, where i m looking after people with dementia. how can i actually look after people when i can barely manage to look after myself? i m treading water, and poorly. i ve four kids, the elder three are teens and they ve to help me so much, as my partner. i m terrified of another massive depressive episode as before as i cannot spend another year or more not here i struggle talking to doctors about this, so will be glad when i finally meet the clinical psychologist who s been assigned to me. also, cbt, doesn t seem to work anymore i can t take hold of my thoughts, which in turn make dealing with them impossible.. whoops, sorry for the dissertation here!
dealing with fatigue, anhedonia, and cognitive impairment? i ve been having these symptoms, i guess symptoms of depression, and i don t know how to deal with them. part of me wants to take a low dose stimulant medication... but i m at risk for mania and psychosis. i just wonder if anyone else deals with this, how they deal with it, do they talk to their doctor about it? how do you talk to your doctor about it? what if doctors don t take you seriously? my gp and psychiatrists haven t taken this side of things seriously, and it s been going on for years. i m 33, not employed, not in education, not in a relationship, nothing going on in my life, no motivation, i struggle to focus enough even to have a conversation i struggle to find words , i can t focus on cleaning and don t have the energy for it, and this has been going on for years. what makes this more pressing is that my mom is in poor health, her memory is failing at an increasingly rapid pace, my family s financial situation is increasingly dire, and i need to step up and take on much more of our shared burdens. i do receive ssi disability but i never worked long enough for ssdi so it isn t much, and not enough. my brother is also mentally ill and not working. my mom has been carrying all our burdens her whole life but it s time for her to be in retirement and focus on her own wellbeing. what can i do? i feel like i m missing that part of me that cares about getting up. my energy is almost bedridden level, like someone who has a serious physical disease. the gp tells me i have slight anemia and i take iron pills but otherwise they say nothing is wrong. i took like 2.5 milligrams of ritalin the other day that i got from a friend, after my dad berated me about not doing anything. after that, i felt a little jittery but was able to get up and walk around, and i even went to the gym the next two days in a row, and did some basic chores around the house. i had better days than i ve had in a really long time, and didn t really suffer any side effects besides some initial jitters ... but i know that this is playing with fire. before my bipolar diagnosis, i had a prescribed stimulant for a while to study, and while it helped me study and clean , i also dealt with huge amounts of anxiety, anger, and possibly a mixed episode... idk how i would describe it... very agitated, speedy, anxious, angry mental state though . i m very conflicted and confused, because i need something to change for me. i have a psychiatrist appointment today, and i just feel like the fatigue, anhedonia and cognitive impairment is a huge issue for me, but i ve been trying to communicate this for years and don t know how to. my gp is passing it to the psychiatrist, and psychiatrist is just giving me antidepressants that aren t helping these specific symptoms they do help my mood and anxiety though . anybody else s experiences would really help!
dr. seuss style bipolar story once in the land of whippety woo, where the squibberpops squibbered, and the flobberjops flew, a creature named zeebie lived high in a tree, where it twisted and twined in a squiggly spree. now zeebie was special, you see, my dear friend, for the way he would feel seemed to twist and to bend. sometimes zeebie would zip and would zoom, like a rocket ship blasting straight past the moon! i'm on top of the world! he'd exclaim with great cheer, bouncing high on the clouds, without any fear. he'd giggle and wiggle and dance all day long, singing sweet zeebie songs in a voice loud and strong. but there were days when zeebie felt quite the opposite, his energy vanished, as if swallowed by a glopit. he'd mope and he'd grope for the light in the dark, his once sparkling eyes now a mere flickering spark. the creatures of whippety woo began to see, that zeebie's behavior was not as it should be. they'd all gather 'round, full of worry and care, but their words couldn't lift him from his deepest despair. one day, as zeebie lay down in the shade, a wise flippety flop hopped along and displayed, a great book of wisdom, with secrets so grand, it could help zeebie balance and finally understand. you see, my dear zeebie, the flippety flop said, it seems that your feelings are not in your head. a thing called bipolar has made you this way, but i'm here to help, so please don't dismay! the flippety flop opened the book with a grin, and as they read, zeebie's eyes widened within. he learned of the ups, of the downs, and the swings, and how he could manage these challenging things. take time for yourself, dear zeebie, it said, find comfort in quiet, and rest your sweet head. when you're feeling quite high, try to harness your glee, and channel your energy through art, dance, or a spree. and when you're feeling quite low, in a pit of despair, please remember, dear zeebie, that we'll all still be there. reach out to a friend or a whippety woo, for they'll help you get through, and they'll see you pull through. as zeebie absorbed these new lessons so wise, he wiped away tears that welled up in his eyes. the flippety flop smiled and patted his back, then hopped off into the sunset, his bag tightly packed. with new tools in hand, zeebie set out to try, to find balance and peace beneath the bright sky. he'd still have his ups, and he'd still have his downs, but he knew that his friends in the whippety woo town, would always stand by him, through thick and through thin, no matter how high or how low he'd begin. for zeebie was loved, and he'd always be so, a creature with feelings, and a heart that would grow. so remember, dear reader, this story so true, when life gets you down, or your feelings construe. there's always a way to find balance and peace, in a world full of love, where friendships won't cease. this story was ai generated.
trying to understand my ex girlfriend better. hey, i don't know if these type of questions are allowed on this subreddit, but i figured the best way to understand someone who is living with a bipolar disorder is to ask people who live with a bipolar disorder. i met my ex girlfriend when we were younger. we became best friends and i saved her life 2 times when she tried to commit suicide. because of this i always thought that we have a really deep connection. however, we only started dating 3 years after knowing each other. i was 18, she was 20. we dated for 2 years and our relationship was beautiful, but also exhausting from time to time. constant suicide thoughts because of the slightest issues, and also a shitty behaviour that she showed from time to time, including insulting, manipulating and blackmailing me. she also had depressions, social anxiety, schizophrenia and i think borderline. so it's hard to distinguish why she behaved like she did. however, after 2 years of dating, her best friend and 2 other friends came back in her life. she suddenly lost all interest in me. that's what i personally think is because of borderline, since they always need 1 favourite person in life and can't have 2 at the same time. but what really surprises me, and what can't really be explained with any of the other things, is that she really.. changed. a lot. and quickly. we always used to play videogames, watch movies, go for a walk in the park or woods. and then when her best friend came back in to her life she changed completely. she was suddenly going partying, drinking alcohol every day, she also seemed to have lost every other mental illness she had. no signs of depression anymore, no signs of social anxiety anymore. she was suddenly like one of the girls of these clichee american student movies that only drink alcohol and party and just enjoy their live without any fear of repercussions. and then she broke up. she had no sense of any guilt anymore. cancelled a date with me to go out with another guy, broke up over whatsapp, 30 minutes later she came by with another guy to pick up her stuff. when i talked to her mother, her mother cried and told me that her daughter just said i have to go own my way now. the whole time and that they her parents also worry about her and don't know what is happening. apparently she also wasn't home at that point for 1 week anymore. she is also not using any social media platform anymore or is playing any video games anymore, which was basically her whole life before that. i first thought this was because of borderline too so i asked people with borderline about it and they said that even they would never do anything like that. so my last hope, before i have to accept that she just wasn't a good human is to ask you guys. could all of this be explained because of her bipolar disorder ? like a manic episode ?
am i disabled? hi r bipolarreddit, long time no see. i've been pretty well, so i haven't been coming around much. i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder almost 10 years ago. i wasn't all that compliant with my treatment until about 5 years ago, when i overcame my marijuana addiction and started getting my life under control. i was rediagnosed bipolar i from bipolar ii, i revamped all my meds, started in on weekly group therapy then graduated to weekly individual therapy. i'd been working at starbucks the whole time, but last september i started back in school, and things have been great. i haven't had a major episode in over a year. sometimes i still get very sad and a little suicidal, and there's some intrusive thoughts here and there with some paranoia psychotic delusions, but i have a 4.0 gpa! the thing is though, to pay for my weekly therapy and my medication, i need to maintain 20 hours a week at starbucks to be health benefits eligible. i've been juggling school with work since september, and clearly i am capable of doing that. but i'm starting to plan for september, and as part of my program i have to do a placement of 10 hours a week while still maintaining a full time course load, and reddit, i just don't know that this is a good idea. since september i've been tired all the time, and i have no doubt the psychosis lite comes on when i am stressed from having 3 papers due in the course of a week while still having to work 20 hours a week while having to go to class while having to go to therapy while having to maintain a social life while having to get exercise while having to cook right so i don't get ill etc etc etc. it seems to me a recipe for relapse. and tbh i'm secretly convinced that i've just been in an extended hypomanic state since september. i have a couple of friends who've been telling me for years that i should just apply for disability. i am in ontario, canada, where i can apply for a bursary for students with permanent disabilities which can pay for services including therapy. then i could ease off on my hours at starbucks and still maintain my treatment. but honestly, i don't feel disabled. i'm working 20 hours a week and maintaining a 4.0 gpa on a full course load. this, it seems to me, is more than fully able people do. i don't think anyone would consider me disabled either, despite my long track record of being in treatment. i was just hoping to hear some discussion around the word disabled, its relationship to bipolar disorder, what it means to be given that title by governing agencies, how you feel about the word, the relationship between disability and capability, and whatever else you have to say about the topic! also, i just wanted to say while i'm here that this community gave me so much support when i really needed it, and i am glad it's still an awesome community full of amazing people.
bipolar in a relationship struggling hi, i'm an almost 22 year old female who has been diagnosed by 4 different psychiatrists with bipolar type 1. i have also been in impatient once and am currently treated for my mental illness through therapy and medication lithium and streamline . after feeling good and manageable for a decent amount of time, i entered into a relationship and have been with him now for 6 months. it's hard. i don't know how to explain this... but my reality and perception is constantly compromised by my mental state. sometimes i feel like i'm dreaming... and when i snap out of it or come back from it... it feels like it never happened, but still leaving those i love confused and hurt. i get scared of myself and sometimes don't recognize myself and just seeing a glimpse of myself in the mirror is scary. i feel like a whole other person. my anxiety that the ups and downs brings leads me to want to make impulsive decisions such as cutting out those i love, including my boyfriend. feeling cozy and settled with him or anyone scares me and even happy moments send me fear that makes me want to run. but i don't really want to leave. i just don't what to do? i feel torn between wanting to take care of it myself or want a lot of love and comfort. just another human in the room reassuring me that everything is under control makes me feel grounded and overrides my emotional illusions. one misconceptions leaves me simmering in sorrow for days and days and even up to a month. one sentence feels like it could make or break me. and one reactions feels like it can end my life if it comes from someone close to me... ecspecially if it involves a negative, failing perception i have about myself. i feel like i can't do it. between the sorrow, constant confusion, frustration, and pure exhaustation my brain imposes on me... i want to die a lot. and think about it regularly then feel guilty and resentful about how it would hurt those i care about. i wish i got murdered quite frankly. i can't control that, but it would be nice. that's just bluntly how i feel and what i want since no one here knows my real identity. i try to pretend i have no issues by being fully invested and loved at work. i feel like i have to earn acceptance in my work life but also my personal life because of the burden my mental illness places on others for even knowing me. i love being productive, getting things done, and i'm very goal orientated... and i get so fucking pissed and feel like a failure to everyone but especially myself when my mental illness damages days, weeks, and even months worth of plans or goals. there's so much more i can say. but i really just want to know or hear from people that get it, that understand, that know what i'm talking about. i want to how you deal with. i feel like i'm literally crazy at times. thank you.
i think i was misdiagnosed okay, so 2 years ago i was diagnosed with bipolar 2, and at the time i was like, this doesn't sound right, but i guess i'll go with it. i was put on lamotrigene after a 20 minute appointment with my psychiatrist where, with some vague descriptions of what my highs and lows were, he decided it was a solid diagnosis. but the thing is, he never asked for specifics about what they were like, just generally if i experienced them. the highs of my 'mania' would last about 1 3 months at a time, and usually consisted of me being very active and upbeat, but i never exactly had any risky behaviors associated with it. i've never had periods of hypersexuality, or completely upended my life on a whim or anything extreme like that. i can get irritable, and my impulse control has never been great, but i've never felt like my thoughts were racing or anything like that. probably the most 'extreme' thing i've ever done was to move to a different state after a 5 year relationship that i felt trapped in ended. i just needed a fresh start from it and i got that before moving back home with a better perspective albeit in the middle of a depressive episode . in fact, the only really concerning thing i ever had going on were intense periods of depression also lasting between 1 and 3 months at a time . i would have a hard time getting myself motivated to do basic tasks and my interest in things i enjoyed waned during those times to pretty much nothing. being put on meds, i was just coming out of a long funk and, after starting lamotrigene, it never really felt like that funk ended. i still have problems motivating myself to do basic things, even 2 years in, and i constantly feel like i'm lagging and forcing myself to do everything and i hate it. during my up periods i used to actually workout and be active and would write and take my son to the park and be an active and eager participant in family activities. but since being medicated i don't have any of that. i'm gaining weight and have zero motivation to do anything about it despite being miserable because of it, being an active parent feels like a chore, and i can't write to save my life. i feel like i'm a totally different person, and i don't want to be this way anymore. i think i might have been misdiagnosed, but idk how to broach this with my psychiatrist i feel like he barely listens to me . if anything my symptoms are much closer to that of adhd or mdd just applying my lived experiences to them, but when i tried to bring up adhd he kind of handwaved it away saying that adult adhd was difficult to diagnose and left it there. i'm not sure how to bring this up with him and was hoping some people here might be able to give me some tips on how to do that? should i get a 2nd opinion from another psychiatrist? i just want to stop feeling this way.
my checkup was a success long post the background story since i was diagnosed over 10 years ago, i've needed continuous ongoing treatment and consultation. changing dosages, trying new medication, talking through the most current triggers, how to recognize, avoid, cope, and foster healthy decisions. gone through 4 doctors... when i was able to get an appointment and afford the treatment. i've gone some years withdrawing, some entirely unmedicated, new medication, lower dose higher dose, self medicating at times. having bipolar is truly debilitating and scary. emotional mood symptom wise, last year was not as intense as i've experienced before. but last year was indeed the shittiest fucking year i have lived through in my entire life thus far. i won't list everything that was shitty. you guys know last year was horrible. my mom almost dying before her liver transplant probably topped my list though. and my bipolar mania has decided to manifest entirely through my secondary symptoms of ocd. chronic anxiety has taken over my usual depression and has crash landed directly on one main symptom. self excoriation dermatillomania compulsive skin picking. https en.wikipedia.org wiki excoriation disorder no exaggeration, i look like the picture in that wikipedia link, just add breasts and some curves. i'm not looking for advice or guidance. i've been receiving the professional version steadily over a year and a half now. i just know that csp is not common in this sub, is often not associated with bipolar, and is still considered co morbid along with symptoms of ocd. the point of my post. i saw my psychiatrist today. and he agreed that i have had very significant improvements since i last saw him. my episodes have been less frequent, less intense, and my depression has also eased up. my mania still keeps me awake throughout the week i get 3 4 hrs sleep at a time around 4 7am. and i literally sleep all weekend. but my job hasn't been suffering, i've made three trips from the west coast to texas for some extremely intense circumstances, i've lost 30lbs, and reduced my skin picking from my legs and lower arms to just my upper arms, back, and face although my face has had dramatic improvements as well. my checkup achievement for the first time since i can remember, my doctor isn't changing my medication and has said that i don't need to schedule a follow up appointment at this time. i will continue to have a steady supply of my personal med cocktail without worrying about running out. i'm under no obligation to pay for, schedule, drive to, or stress about coordinating my life around another psych appointment until i feel it's necessary. tldr some years some decades are worse than others. if you can't remember the last time you caught a break, don't give up. we all deserve peace and stability. today was my day.
sleep talking and restlessness with bipolar disorder? i've struggled with bipolar disorder for years. i'm almost 20, and i notice a lot that i end up sleep talking. i've had a couple occasions where i wake up in the middle of the night and i start having a conversation with one of my friends, just like i would do at any other point in the day. i would feel like my friend is sitting in the chair in the corner of my room just having a conversation with me in the dark, and i will wake up and talk for a couple of minutes what it seems like at least before i seem to pull out of it and freak out a little when i realize that it wasn't real. it gets way worse when my boyfriend sleeps over at my apartment. when i used to stay at my ex's house as well, i remember sleep talking over there. when my boyfriend slept over last week, i had at least 4 instances within the night of tossing and turning where i started having nightmares, and then talking through them. there were a couple points in the night where i woke up and shook my boyfriend on the shoulder and started talking to him like he was my old best friend shelby. i began talking to shelby about how our friendship had been on the rocks but we should try and be best friends again. he was mostly sound asleep and wrapped his arms around me and i remember thinking oh, that's not shelby right before i fell back into a short, but deep sleep. it happened with another nightmare that same night, i woke up crying and saying i don't know why you would do this, why did you have to do that? why did you cheat on me? you know loyalty is so important to me, because in my dream i guess my boyfriend had been unfaithful or something, and i was in the in between of asleep and awake and i started lecturing my very faithful boyfriend on why he dream cheated on me lol . but after a minute of talking to him he's a heavy sleeper, so he didn't really fully listen right away to what i was saying , i snap out of it almost every time, even just a little bit and realize that i wasn't actually having a convo with anyone. it's a really bizarre scenario, and it's happened a few times. another one i can specifically think of included sleep walking and sleep talking at my ex's house. i started having a full on conversation at 3 am after having been sound asleep, and i started talking about how i wanted to watch the movie school of rock idk why haha . it's hard because it's not a full on sleeptalking i don't think. i have a weird experience where in the moment, i am aware that i am having a conversation, even though i think my body is about 10 aware that the people i am talking to are just from my dreams. it's so strange. i'm sorry if this is confusing, but if anyone has any experience with intense amp regular sleep talking, please do share!!
low grade hypomania is back...and i love it before my gp put me on antidepressants and spiraled me into a year long crazy cycling that had me re diagnosed to bp i, my mania was a manageable, predictable state that had me making lists of frugality, cleaning like crazy, working out and eating healthy. i enjoyed the time, and the depression that followed was usually low grade as well general irritability and annoyance of friends, feeling like i no longer loved my boyfriend which in stability, i found out i don't over that last few months i have finally become stable. until recently. my medicine has been spotty and once i felt the mania coming i stopped taking it at all. back on meds but still manic. i love the feeling. it isn't the crazy god is speaking to staying up all night redesigning a fish tank why? or hyper reorganizing that left my house a total disaster as i couldn't have the focus to follow through. it's back to setting goals, making lists, focusing on healthy and happiness. low grade mania actually makes me save money i become obsessed with spending as little as i can whereas the mania from antidepressants had me blow 20k over 4 months i feel like i'm enjoying living again. stability is so... so boring. and the problem with stability is that i never learned self discipline in the face of not having manic inspirations. it isn't depression, but my room becomes a complete mess, i don't take my dogs on walks, i don't try at work. again, that's simply because i am so used to feeling inspiration and energy from mania, that stability requires discipline and vigilance that i have never had to learn. so why should i go back on meds? to me, this is worth the depression. i become ultra functional. functional enough that i can ride out the depressions as people become used to and aware of my energy and motivation. i understand the mania from before, the mania that had me re diagnosed as bipolar i that was purely induced from meds is unsustainable. i didn't even enjoy it. but this is something altogether different. it is me. i don't know 'stability', that is not me. i don't even dislike it as i'm going through it, but now that i'm experiencing the energy again i don't think i can go back. how am i supposed to write poetry, paint, play the piano, clean, focus on my healthy how am i supposed to do that stable when i have no knowledge of self discipline that makes you drudge through you chores while you're tired and uninspired. i almost feel bad for 'stable' people to never experience the inspiration that we have. on the other hand, comparing stability to this makes it a no brainer that this is better. even the depression was apart of me before. stability is a whole different person, someone that i don't particularly like.
loved ones with bipolar i am unsure if there already is a post on how to cope with loved ones with bipolar. please let me know if there is. my husband was hospitalized about 5 months ago and it's been a roller coaster since with finding which meds work, finding a permanent psychiatrist, going to therapy, etc. his bipolar is affecting our marriage and it's like he's completely forgotten his life skills. we are seeing a marriage counselor very soon. right now i am the only one working but luckily i make enough for the two of us to be living okay. it just gets overwhelming when i have to literally do everything on top of working full time. we got a puppy as an esa, which has helped tremendously. i only agreed to get the puppy to help him when i am at work and he did say he'd do most of the work of caring for the puppy, but i am the one that ended up caring for the puppy a majority of the time. i grew up with no pets. he grew up with dogs his whole childhood, so getting used to a dog was difficult when he just got out of the hospital. it's fine now since i've caught on quick with caring for a dog. it gets so exhausting with his mood changes. the smallest things upsets him and keeps him in a depressed unhappy mood for awhile. for example i was tired from work and didn't feel like going out to get food. initially i did agree to get food but thought he was going with me, but i forgot his back had been hurting all day. i got home and didn't feel like going back out. he got so upset because he was hungry and he didn't want to eat what was at home. he has zero cooking skills and will always order food or grab fast food. he doesn't like going out in public, which i understand. but when he gets upset, i can't do anything at all. if i go to a different room, he says i don't care about him. if i want to do something to lighten the mood, he tells me to stop because i am not doing it appropriately for his bipolar at the moment. when it gets too much, i break down and start crying. he automatically makes me feel guilty by saying, i'm always the bad guy. you can never do anything wrong. anything i say is used against me when he's upset. he somehow finds ways to twist what i say to have a different meaning. when he is back in a good mood, we reflect on his behavior and how i reacted. he is reasonable when he's happy. he admits he was an asshole. i know it's his bipolar, but i don't know what to do anymore and am exhausted of this endless cycle. i've told him before when he's experiencing an episode, i always feel like he's gas lighting me. i honestly can't tell the difference between bipolar and gas lightining anymore with him. tldr i just want to know if there is some support group for people with loved ones living with bipolar
so in need of help we have been together with break ups for 7 years. 2 years ago we moved for a fresh start but i feel it was to get me away from friends and family as all i have is him now. he also now has little support. i am scared for my safety and though i love him i can't do this to myself no more. i want children and a house and this feels like it'll never happen. we have moved countless times from him damaging the houses or putting us in financial debt that we are then kicked out. we have been homeless from him not being able to accept help and choosing drugs. my jobs have been comprised from him going into work and abusing me having police show up or i become sick from no sleep or malnourished or crazy depressed. he is in and out of work for his family but really is just a pay cheque and he never goes to work so has no routine. especially now days. i've had many police involvements and hospitalized from them and other times. this past year and a half has been nothing but a downward spiral and i feel i am an enabler and he does better without me because he has to stand on his own two feet when i'm not there. i feel like a mother more than a partner. our current house is trashed inside and out. actual mess and filth to house damage aswell. he recently got out of hospital but his mania is still very high up. he spent all our pay on material things, drugs and the likes and we now have to paid rent that i'm aware of for 2 weeks. he goes out at all hours night driving around and from this his car has been in multiple crashes but won't tell me any details so we can't get insurance. it's still half drivable but suspended and i'm worried of him driving my car. i have most of my belongings in my car as he has said he will light the house in fire before being hospitalized and did try. i am extremely mentally drainage from all this and the way i am spoken to constantly. i am walking on egg shells and get no sleep as he hardly sleeps and does many ocd things to wake me up like flicking lights, rummaging through draws. half organising or cleaning at inappropriate hours of the night. physically waking me up to harrass me when his not driving around. i know his taken his meds and the hospital and docs just won't believe me that he isn't fine and his meds currently don't work anymore. i am sorry for the mess of this post. hard to put 7 years of a very stressful realtionships in words and currently what's happening. how do i get out? i feel i have spent majority of the years trying so hard to help and also been a bad guy and an enabler which makes it hard too. but it gets harder and harder to see a future and happiness. i am scared he will try to hurt himself or follow me if i try. any advice i'd be so greatful for.
my behavior isn t registering with me. feeling a bit messy cognitively. how do you achieve self awareness? i ve had a weird two months now with some mixed mania stuff. i feel like i ve been doing better recently, because i m not really doing to any risky type things anymore and i haven t had any fits of rage, and i feel somewhat normal i think and in my perception i feel like i seem good and stable. none of this is being validated by anyone or anything. i feel extremely confused because like when i have a conversation i feel like i m talking normally and in my head it s making sense but i ve had my therapist and some others telling me i need to slow down, calm down, or i get a look and then told i make no sense. i still haven t regained any appetite and have lost about 40 lbs since december and i have to force myself to eat to take my medication or i throw up when i take my meds. i keep not sleeping and it s not like i don t want to sleep because i do, it s like the concept of sleep isn t occurring to me until i realize like i don t know how it got to be 5 57am right now or what i ve actually been doing since around 10 pm that the sun s about to come up. i tried to put gas in my car today and couldn t remember my pin for my debit and it only came back to me like 3 hours later. i had another weird bit where i couldn t recall my sister s name for like a half hour. i wasn t talking to her or anyone but it was like i could see her face in my head that she was my sister but it was mentally straining and very unsettling. they don t feel like typical moments where you forget what something means. i m on 7 meds right now to try quash the manic stuff i had going on and i think they ve done their job in that respect, but my head is feeling very cognitively fucked up and not like i m a drunk or in sedated way but just like everything feels sharp in my head and important but i can t figure out what it is? i don t know how to explain it. i guess what i m seeing in myself isn t what others are seeing me and i don t know if they re lying, because i m usually very self aware and i can t tell if it s me, or the medications since i got switched from latuda to vraylar and had some sedatives added on. and then it s confusing because the cognitive symptoms i m feeling aren t being noticed, or at least acknowledged by anyone but they keep talking about things i m doing behaviorally even though i swear i m very calm and i don t feel manic anymore and i m not seeing it in me what they say they re seeing. i don t know what or who to believe or even why i m still on 7 mqedications at this point. what are some self awareness techniques some of you use? i can t afford to fuck up again and i need this weird stuff to clear up fast.
do you also do this during hypomanic mixed? episodes? tldr i'm bipolar type two with mixed features currently in a hypomanic mixed? episode. i experience some of these things clenched jaw 10 15 minute panic attack that disappears in a few seconds leaving you confused but not feeling bad just very confused nightmares and night sweating completely forgetting to eat and losing the instinct of eating or liking food except shit like sweets cola coffee and chips with cigs ofc do you? note i'm like 95 sure i'm hypomanic right now and have been for almost a month but was in denial until a week ago, seeing psychiatrist on friday to talk. anyway, i'm experiencing these things and was wondering if anyone else had this clenched jaw most of the time random 10 15 minute panic attack dark dissociation few times a week, had one where i couldn't contain a scream that was just so guttural like i was giving birth and then started hyperventilating so hard i almost fainted and had to sit down and hold onto something to not fall , but then all of a sudden you have a posotive thought and it disappearears in a second making you wonder what even happened and laughing at how dramatic you are nightmares or night sweating completely forgetting to eat, like losing the instinct to eat, even when i'm hungry i don't think about food but i think of resolving the problem so i stuff myself with the easiest fastest food that's kinda nutritious and idc about the taste, like plain slices of protein bread, bananas i don't even like the texture or the taste of bananas but its the cleanest and most efficient for hunger , vegan pre made protein shakes in bottles over 2 months i've consumed about 100 of them, i have one every morning and other shit meal mentioned above and sometimes have the patience to boil a pack of ravioli that takes 3 minutes to cook and eat it just with olive oil and balsamic vinegar or airfry in 10 minutes a pack of vegan nuggets or fish sticks and eat them plain, yup, no sauce and not evem fried, such a treat less dishes . btw i'm also diagnosed with mixed episodes and i've experienced them, but usually they are way darker and cold with a bit of psychotic moments, and i just feel superior to others like an evil god and i'm full of rage. whereas here i feel quite at peace but a bit out of control, but i know that i'm gonna take care of it soon going back tomorrow to my parents . and overall i feel happy everyday and grateful and i feel like the world is so beautiful but i just have those breakdowns described above few times a week if not almost daily these days... mmh yeah i talk a lot but that's a known hypimanic thing. thank you for reading if you did and have a good insert what it is for you !
disengaging from my friends fuck. fuck man. i feel like shit. i feel like i'm pushing away the people who can help me the most because i feel like a drama queen and i feel like i am a burden to them and i feel embarrassed because i don't want to make a spectacle of myself. we have a weekly game night on thursdays. last night i really wanted to bail i left work half an hour late and the day started off shitty but my friend asked if i could bring him a sixer of something, and i'm always there for my friends when they need me. so i snagged it and showed up. felt flighty, left an hour in when i realized i just couldn't people anymore. cried the whole way home. depressed as fuck. i don't want to change my meds right now. last time i changed them i got real fucked up. i'm on lamictal 150s. i close on a house in three weeks, and i'll have a real bed, instead of sleeping on a pull out couch. i won't be in direct contact with my family constantly. gaslighting. half apologies. it's frustrating. i think i'm not sleeping enough. it's been this way for 8 months now. 9 months. i just need a good nights sleep, maybe i should get a hotel for a couple of days just to get some fucking sleep finally. but honestly i don't want to spend the money when i'm close to getting the house. i'll need to buy out fuel, pay for utilities amp cable 'installation' even tho i have my own modem , and my first mortgage payment is 18 days after closing. it feels tiring. like, i'm not stressed about the house. at all. my mother is. she picks at it like, 'i don't think you're going to like the commute' 'are you picking out the shingles for the roof? no? that's a mistake.' 'you can't put a roof on in winter.' and she was stressed about it for me in the beginning because she thought it was a 2 bedroom house even though i sent her the listing that showed it was a 3 bedroom . and she was stressing me out, where i had all my shit in order. i've had all my shit in order so much that i haven't had to gather paperwork or do anything for the past 3 and a half weeks. i've been twiddling my thumbs, just waiting . and i texted a couple people from game night, who haven't texted me back. and i'm stressed about it. and i'm worried they all collectively decided i was crazy and to stop talking to me because that's what i tell myself when i'm depressed that i'm useless and a burden and everyone would be better off without me. even my friend who i was supposed to babysit for on saturday hasn't gotten back to me. i feel so alone, and i feel like i'm doing it to myself. because i am. edit heard back from one friend. still on for babysitting at least. she's awesome. people don't hate me. but i still feel crappy.
trigger warning am i in a mixed episode? i feel like i want to jump out of my own skin, like i want to rip off my limbs. like everything inside me is wrong all my bones ache as if they don't fit inside my body, like they want to burst out. like i want to explode. it's a kind of intense restless agitation to which nothing brings relief. sometimes i go for a run or bike ride to try calm myself down, but it doesn't have a big effect, and often i end up overexerting myself and get hurt. what appeals to me most in this state is the thought of hurting myself or not living or losing myself in drugs. it's very hard to keep myself from self harming. i've been in this state for so long and i don't know how much more i can take. in the past i've described it as 'restlessness', because i don't know how else to describe it. but it's clear to me that it's much more than that. is this a mixed episode? i've been like this for so long... sometimes they'll last for one day, sometimes days, sometimes weeks or maybe even months. i'll then have a brief period of respite before returning to the state i've described above. while in this state i can often get into a kind of semi mania and get things done which i never thought i could read books, make art, play music, write essays but always with this horrible exploding depressive restlessness underneath. and it's extremely hard to motivate myself to do anything. but if i curl up in bed or try to calm down with a film or music, my heart begins to pound and shake my entire body, and the restlessness just gets worse and worse and i want to die. i've tried lots of times to search on the internet for this kind of feeling, but i've never found anything. however reading this sub today, i'm struck by how people seem to have had similar sensations. i really didn't think i was bipolar, because i don't think i have contrasting periods of 'highs' and 'lows'. i might be in a relative 'low', but there will always be the potential for a relative 'high' to emerge quickly out of this low. and vice versa. it's as if everything is there at once, as if i'm in a low and a high at the same time. always fluctuating, but always wrong. it's awful. it has really impacted all aspects of my life. i've withdrawn from society and do not keep contact with anyone, and when i do meet people they are scared or unnerved by how bizarre my behaviour is. i know it's unwise to seek opinions on the internet, but at this point in time i have no friends who i can talk to about this, and i don't have the money to see a doctor or psychologist. if a redditor or two could give their thoughts on my state, it might help point me in the right direction. thank you.
why do negative social interactions give me such existential dread? how to cope? i m posting here because i m technically diagnosed as bipolar and i suspect it could potentially be related in the form of overthinking. overall i ve had pretty stable mental health since i graduated college and started working. college was hell and now i occasionally get hypomanic but nothing extreme. even less frequently do i ever feel depressed. all without meds has bad side effects, didn t really help, felt like it kept me in a sick mindset but i digress . so i think i m doing great overall. i feel privileged in that way. but something i still struggle with is this feeling of existential dread i get when i mistake a mistake, am wrong, or am just being trolled. i have many examples, but one today was someone on an academic subreddit telling me i m wrong about something and implied i m an idiot that doesn t know what i m talking about. all when this person couldn t refute what i was saying and was generally being a d ck focused on me being wrong instead of trying to discuss as a community. others have been related to feeling secluded in my field of work because i research a type of illness our product exacerbates to find preventative measures. so sometimes i have to trigger people and if i try to find colleagues to talk to it could harm the business which my boss is annoyed about not violating any ndas but i digress. basically, anytime i get shut down by someone one way or another, i have thoughts of just not wanting to continue on. just being unable to cope with other people. i don t perceive them as being s icidal, like i wouldn t act on it or plan or anything. but just a feeling of anxiety and fear from making social mistakes like fearing being canceled for a misunderstanding . i just feel like i don t know how to move on. then i think my hypomania kicks that overthinking into overdrive. all until i sleep and wake up the next day. usually, but not always. sometimes it does lead to dysthymia or depression. i ve never really had a lot of friends. i m married in a great relationship with great international in laws but i don t have regular friends i hang out with mostly friendships of convenience, like classmates nor do i have a good family. i guess i generally feel like i don t really have people to support me. despite being able to get by in most social situations fine, i don t have a real social life and always feel lacking or like i know how to talk to people in personal. like i only have enough social skills to survive and pass as normal but maybe awkward sometimes. but the awkwardness and not knowing what to do in social situations is what sara me up
i had to quit my job rant incoming. i just need to get this out and share. i'm medicated and pretty well stable for the last 5 years. my job was so incredibly stressful the last few months. i was coming home every day, with no energy to cook dinner or clean, and mostly just spending my evenings watching tv and or crying. i didn't know what to do. there's an extra element of stress to a stressful job when you're bipolar, as i don't know if the job is really the problem, or if i'm going into an episode. my 1 up manager was away on a friday, so i spoke to my 2 up manager and said i wasn't coping with the stress and would like to hand in my resignation. i didn't ask for any special treatment, just offered my resignation. he asked me to just think about it for the weekend and we'd discuss it again on the monday. on the monday, he brought my 1 up into the discussion. they offered me some leniencies, and said they'd figured the job might actually be a 2 person job back when they hired me, and they'd reassess the business plan and asked if i'd be happy to stay if the job was cut in half. i said i couldn't offer a commitment, but i'd be willing to try. at the end of that week, i heard from one of my colleagues that my 1 up had told him that i spat the dummy and didn't want to do the hard work anymore . i was furious. i was humiliated. not only was my supposedly confidential conversation with management not confidential, but it was totally changed to make me look like a whiner. i spoke to my partner and he agreed this was not on and that i need to get out of that place. so i took a week of stress leave sick leave officially . during my week off sick, i received 47 not a typo! calls from work from people expecting me to do things and make decisions. while i was sick! i realised the only time i was badly stressed during that week was when i woke up and had that instant dread of thinking i had to go to work, and when i received a call. otherwise i felt ok. i called up on the last day and resigned. today is my 5th day of unemployment and i am so, so happy. i feel almost back to normal again. i still get stressed if i think about having to apply for jobs, but that's ok, because i've decided to give myself at least 6 weeks off to decompress from that stressful job before i start looking again. the point of this message no job is worth more than your mental health. save money! be prepared to be unemployed for a while if you need to, because shitty jobs will come along, and you need to be able to get out. i've never in my life been so happy to have some savings, and i don't mind if i blow through it all over the next 6 months. i'm just happy to be out.
do i keep looking for a medication that works or is this as good as it gets? i've asked a question to you guys in the past regarding the end goal of being medicated. i'm on 1200mg of lithium carbonate, 250mg divalproex and 150mg bupropion hcl xl every other day. i've noticed a good improvement on this cocktail, most recently upped the dose of lithium to 1200mg and i felt like i was doing better, but it's been 3 months and i've had 2 episodes since the increase....these episodes are usual at this time of year so it didn't cause them, but they're still there, a bit more manageable and definitely not ruining my life like before, but i do not feel like a normal functioning human being. i'm still experiencing mania, but i'm able to stop myself from spending excess money and i am able to notice the energy i'm expending so i can force myself to relax here and there so i'm not deprived. i still sleep less, but enough to function so that's good. i can't stop myself from picking up my phone and googling everything on the planet that comes to mind...i feel like i have add or something, literally no focus at all which is not good for work. i still have significant periods of anxiety and stress about nothing and i'm finding this hard to manage, and the depression is still there, but my body no longer feels like cement, although i'm usually tired even after sleeping 10 14hrs. i can still force myself to get up and do stuff like clean, shower, etc. but i'm extremely miserable about it and everything else that doesn't involve sleeping., i don't cry omw to work, during work and while showering anymore, i don't have those scary thoughts anymore and i can keep a gym schedule although during my depressive periods the amount of gym sessions i get in are significantly less. is this it or should i keep trying to find a better state to be in? i mean i can live with it, but it sucks to go through this rollercoaster of emotions and energy expending and depleting, even if it's just a mid sized one. i cancel a lot of plans on friends often because the way i feel when making them is not how i feel when the date arrives, i still have these insane urges to make plans with people and go out and socialize, shop, google search like mad and try new stuff, i still sleep less and more depending on what stage i'm in, i still overstress over everything and panic, i still feel drained and prefer to be alone and do nothing for a month or so straight. i should add that before increasing the lithium, my dr suggested lamictal, but the potential deadly rash side effect and the interaction with birth control pills terrified me so i decided to go with the lithium increase.
narc parents amp child abuse hey guys quick spill just so you get the jist of things ,i m 19 and ever since i can remember my parents have been narcissists i haven t always realized this but as i got into my teens i became educated on the subject and i had to accept the reality of things because i was a scapegoat for 1 and 2 its tearing me apart in ways i prayed it would never , but they are technically my aunt and uncle but they adopted 12 kids all the kids are grown up and out of the house now except me im the youngest of the bunch they got my when i was 8 months old cs my real mother was fighting her own demons , my uncle is my real moms brother i quickly learned him and my real mom didn t really like each other growing up , i don t know exactly why but they don t they both have issues but anytime they go around each other they fight but my point is now the house is dysfunctional as heck my aunt that i once saw as literally one of the most genuine beautiful spirited person i d ever know and it stayed that way until i was about 15 her being around my narcissistic uncle her husband has taken a toll on her and on top of that i know she knew what she was doing she was too good at what she did the charm , but now my uncle is about 57 and my aunt is 64 they took custody of their 3 grandkids one has sensory disorder he is a boy and 11 now another is a now 9 year old girl and a now 17 year old boy the 17 year old is a rascal he has suffered a lot and he doesn t really grasp life right now which is understandable so he helps them treat me like shit the kids i don t blame because i know they don t know any better to treat me like shit because it s what they see and hear all day and their grandparents are narcissistic people which their delicate minds can fully understand just yet but don t get it twisted they know when something s not right they just don t have the confidence or courage to speak up because they think it s how life is unless they are getting tourtured physically and can show the abuse and you can see the wounds and maker sure they heal but what about the inner wounds that don t heal as quickly i can tell you i lived thru being their kid for 17 years cause as soon as i turned 18 and i didn t act or do what they want me to i was no good to them and i know it didn t just magically start when i was 18 but this leads me to my point do you believe having a narcissist parent or guardian should be considered abuse or neglectful in a form ?! i do but please share with me i know we need hard moments in life to build character but that shouldn t be traumatizing and abusive moments that last for years until you escape !!!
ramble about new diagnosis i finally got diagnosed after 10 years of me having breakdowns and making gp appointments and desperately asking doctors to tell me whats wrong with me. it took a mental health nurse to see something was really wrong and she got my seen by a psychiatrist who diagnosed me with unspecified bipolar and i ve now also been referred for an adhd assessment. i don t feel any better though. well of course not, nothing has actually changed. i have been taking lamictal but not feeling any positive effects yet. i had been told for years it s depression, anxiety and one doctor said it sounded hormonal. i thought that i would get better. i thought that i would recover and live a healthy, normal life. i feel like i have to mourn the idea of this now. i m not getting much help behind this diagnosis. they say because i ve never been hospitalised and i manage to hold down a job and maintain relationships i don t need it. i get it but it hurts. i feel invalidated, confused and alone. i managed to get myself a good job at a company i could have only dreamed of working for. i am fucking it up though. i do nothing most days. i m so consumed by what s going on in my head whether it s good or bad. i m going to have to go back to a less demanding job which breaks my heart and i feel if leave it will trigger an episode. i m scared i ll impulsively quit one day too like my last 4 jobs. maybe i ll get fired first anyway. i have an amazing support system and have cut off anyone who wasn t good for me. i m also in a loving relationship with someone i want to spend the rest of my life with. i have to fight thoughts about sabotaging these relationships though. they re so annoying i tell myself but actually i m just irritable and they really care about me which can be hard to believe. despite everything appearing good to others, i am so chaotic. i ve stopped pretending now when people ask me if i m okay. i tell them no, i feel crazy. everyone tells me i need a routine but it is impossible. my life on paper is great and in reality it is too to be honest. it s boring though. i ve gone sober too. i feel ungrateful almost. i am the problem and i am losing my mind. i feel like i ve been fighting the crazy in me for years but i m exhausted and i don t want to anymore. i m sick of doing the right things and what s good for me. this diagnosis has brought up some scary thoughts like now my insane moods are justified. i don t need to hold back anymore. i also then think though, if i ve been able to keep complete madness at bay then i guess i m actually not that unwell. i just feel like a prisoner of my own mind.
overanalyzing...or not 41 f, diagnosed 18 months ago, not sure if 1 or 2. i broke up with my bf of nearly two years 2 months ago. when we first got together i was not diagnosed. we fought a lot and nearly broke up twice due to my impulsivity before i was diagnosed. i started meds and definitely felt better but we still fought a lot and i still felt impulses to break up, but never argued or acted on it. i also have gad. being on an ssri is what lead to my diagnosis because it made me manic. i've tried buspar but it didn't help at all, so i just do my best to cope with it. ex bf has add, anxiety, and depression and smokes large amounts of pot to cope. hates pharmaceuticals and therapy. he was not supportive of me starting meds and thought pot was all i needed. didn't like me going to therapy because i should be going to him, my partner, with my troubles. he was intolerable when he wasn't high. sweet as could be when he was, which was most of the time. when he'd run out and couldn't get any, i'd be on eggshells. he ran out and was incredibly irritable and said something very painful and i was crushed. i thought about it for about half an hour and then broke up with him. for a couple of weeks after the breakup i was sure it was impulsivity and i'd made a huge mistake because regardless of his flaws, i still love him. now that i'm two months out, my constant sky high anxiety while with him is now quite manageable. i'm eating better, exercising which i quit when i was with him , reclaiming my social life, restarted therapy, and generally feel much better. i don't think i made a mistake because the thought of getting back together is not attractive at all. but what all of this boils down to is, what part of all this is me, and what part is the disease? was it sheer impulse that lead me to leave, or was i just unable to deal with his crap anymore? is the energy i feel hypomania or is it just getting my life in order? and if it's the disease...how can anyone deal with this long term? it's exhausting. i want another relationship. not right now, i've no interest in dating and want to get some debt paid down before i meet anyone, debt not incurred by impulse spending. but sometime down the road i do. i don't know how people deal with bp in their partner. i don't even know how to broach it with someone. i know my actions early in my relationship with my ex hurt him, and i feel deep regret for that. i know living with me was really hard on him and i fear doing that to another person. if you've read all this, thanks for listening. i'm not sure if i'm looking at things objectively. i try, but i just don't know.
bipolar disorder type ii is compromising my relationship and i feel beleaguered. how do others navigate relationships while undermedicated still finding out which meds work for them? i have recently moved in with my partner from across the nation. we had known each other for a long time since we were in the same community focused nonprofit organization. we had spent a substantial time building an intimate rapport with each other and we began to fully believe we were madly in love with each other. unfortunately when i moved in the true depth of my mental unwellness quickly forced its way to the surface. my bipolar disorder shares a dangerous comorbidity with various other mental injuries to include combat ptsd from my time in the marine corps, community trauma from being raised in poverty, and general childhood trauma which has resulted in an additional major depressive disorder diagnosis. my mood cycles rapidly as in several times in one day rapidly. the resulting agitation fills my head with various examples of why the relationship will never work despite her initial fervor to cater to my every need. now she s exhausted, beleaguered, and on the precipice of lapsing back into previous trauma behavior she has ptsd from witnessing her ex fiancee shoot himself in the head right in front of her. i have become the single most stressful thing in her life and i ve repeatedly attempted to leave the relationship as a result but she would refuse to let me leave. i m exhausted and i have a maelstrom of dark thoughts swirling through my head. our relationship has devolved into resentment, petty squabbles, and she no longer has the energy to convince me to stay when i feel compelled to flee from the relationship even though she states she still wants me to stay even if she doesn t have the energy to stop me from leaving. i can t seek solace in my partner because we have become a point of contention in each others lives and if i keep venting to my best friend she ll begin to grow resentful of my partner for being what she may perceive as unhealthy for me even though i share a large portion of the blame for causing our relationship to devolve to this point. she constantly states how she needs support and cannot withstand the capricious nature of my mood swings on her own which breaks my heart to hear because now i m fully convinced that i am far too much more trouble than i m worth and that i am no where near at a point in my mental health recovery to be a healthy boyfriend. who has experienced something similar and how did they navigate such an emotionally compromising situation?
been lurking over a year on this sub and wanted to share some good news. so i have bipolar 1 with psychotic features as per my diagnoses and i wanted to share some good news with this wonderful community. i will preface this by saying that after i got out of the hospital over a year ago pretty long and arduous stay around 4 months i was lost and i had no optimism about my future once i got my phone back i started googling med related things and this subreddit would always come up. i started to realize slowly that there are a large number of people with bipolar living productive and stable lives and that exhibit linear thinking. i thought i was relegated to being acutely ill for the rest of my life and that. i would have at least two major manic episodes a year that would always get me hospitalized. i will spare some of the details about these episodes because they are honestly a bit embarrassing and i imagine they could be triggering drug usage . anyways it has been over a year since my last manic episode and i haven't even experienced hypo mania in the interim. over the last year i went from living in group homes and care facilities to finally going back to college and getting a's and went back to work. i have been living in my own apartment for 5 months and have never had a period of stability this long. i think what actually worked for me was staying on medication for more than 6 months and working with a treatment team. i am actually really happy with my psychiatrist from stanford and actually appreciate his style. he doesn't just shove pills in my face and actually takes over an hour to ask about how im doing and then during the last 5 minutes we talk about meds. he was even willing to take me off of my monthly injection and switch me to a lower dose oral dosage which seemed shocked me as the shot was the one thing that i would consistently take due to non compliance. this made me realize that he trusted me and after that i started trusting him. my relationships are really solid now too and i have actually kept a friend instead of burning all my bridges like before. i actually got a job volunteering at one of the residential facilities i was a client at and this really helps to give me a feeling of fulfillment. i also started making music again which really helps as well. lastly i think that staying sober with the exception of the occasional beer with family has been a huge factor in my stability. tl dr humble bragged a little, got medicated, got sober, turned life around and really appreciate that something like this community exists to know we aren't alone.
boy did i screw up wow. did i mess up. a little background. diagnosed as bipolar at 18 after a difficult junior high and high school experience. struggled throughout my early 20s and finally got my life under control by my late 20s. met an amazing woman and got married. managed to find a meaningful career and had a few years of amazing success. two wonderful kids. about 4 years ago my career started going south. there are several reasons, one of which was a move to different state then most of my freelance work. my wife also got very sick when pregnant with our second child and i ended up getting into a bad pattern of care taking without taking care of myself. especially when it came to sleep. as the money stopped coming in, i started selling some stocks that i owned prior to our relationship. i ended up selling almost all of it and cashing out the majority of our small but important ira over the course of 2 3 years. i never shared any of this with my wife and never reported any of the money as income. fast forward to 2017. almost all of the stock is gone and i still haven t told anyone . we are practically broke and borrowing money from family members repeatedly. a few weeks ago my wife demanded access to my brokerage account. she decided the best way to fix our finances was for her to take complete control. the jig was up. my huge violation of trust was revealed. i truly believe that deep down i am a good person. i have a good heart and i am a very caring and loving father and husband. but with my terrible actions and hiding and lying about it, it is clear that i am sick and need help. i don t know what caused this manic episode, but i am sure the fact that i sleep 5 6 hours a night so she can get a full 8 10 hours of sleep every day didn t help. she says she loves me, but hates my guts right now. she says she loves me but is terrified and feels like unsafe. she says she doesn t know if she can stand to have me in the house or will ever be able to see me as a romantic partner again. i haven t been in therapy since my psych died in 2011. i ve been seeing a nurse practitioner once every three months to keep my prescriptions up. but clearly need to find a new doctor pronto and get intensive therapy. not just medication management. if i didn t have children, i can t imagine what i d do to myself. but i love them and i love her so much. i know i have a chronic illness and this is a major flare up. i just can t imagine how i can live without my family. we are seeing a couples therapist next week. i am so ashamed of my actions and my lying. i m not sure what to do.
was misdiagnosed and put on antidepressants, which lead to mania . not entirely sure of my proper diagnoses. i just didn't have a manic episode like most of you experience, i think, so i don't know if i believe it. after struggling with severe depressive episodes throughout my life that have caused me to drop out of school, lose nearly all the jobs i've worked, ect. ect., over 10 years of bullshit i decided to get some proper medical help. within first day i started taking the antidepressants i experienced a pretty significant shift in my mood. energy, talking, felt good. felt high , i guess. i didn't get any sleep that night though, and for the next three days i don't know if i got any more than an hour of sleep a night. on each of those next days i felt like i was detached from my body a lot, like i was watching myself. i started pacing in my room a lot, and felt compelled to talk or else like... idk i felt like something bad would happen. i had no appetite, my mind was moving way to fast to focus on anything, let alone food. i was totally incapacitated by anxiety, and stayed in my apartment the whole time, where i feel like my roommates were all looking at me funny and put off by how weird i felt i was acting which is funny because when i asked them about those few days they just told me i was reallly talkative but otherwise they weren't freaked out or anything . weirdest experience was what felt like a stabbing lightning sensation in my brain. i reallly don't know how to explain that one. in the end i started praying to god to relieve me of my suffering which was weird because i'm an athiest. i didn't take the antidepressants on the fifth day, and most of this stuff ceased shortly after, though i continued to not sleep very much like 5 hours a night? for a little while. i didn't contact my doctor for a few months because i thought everything was fine. i suddenly started cutting and dying my own hair a lot, got multiple piercings and tattoos, jumped fair and doing all kinds of other kinda fun wreck less shit never done any of these things before . drinking a lot and being really social. started working out, got a dream job, started dating again, felt like my life was getting back in order. then i just sorta stopped. real normal for a while. then the depression came back, lost my job, gaining weight, ect. and i went to my doctor to talk about it and of course all this came up, which lead to my diagnosis as bpii. sure, i thing my experience was a bit out of the ordinary but it just doesn't sound like what you guys talk about when you talk about mania.
bipolar 2 and sex addiction p amp m hi there, this isn't meant to be a testimonial exactly, i'd be happy to have that someday, but for now i want to see if this is relatable to folks here. i've been diagnosed with bpd2 and am a self identifies sex addict and video games but let's stop that list here p btw i have joined the sa 12 step program and sought other outlets, which are all well and good, i'm just seeking validation i've been on lamictal and wellbutrin for a couple years now and they've been a part of my daily routine through some seriously hard times, some could argue i wouldn't be here today without them as part of my treatment. another consistent factor is my primary coping mechanism..., since i was like 13 i've had a daily routine, a nightly ritual if you will, of masturbation and more often than not, some form of pornography. it dawned on me that i might be dependent on this behavior as it's a function that i literally have a handle of and gives me the otherwise nonexistent sense of predictability reliability in my neurochemistry. nothing beats the surge of endorphins to detach from my woes at the end of the day, followed by the subsequent oh so sweet fatigue and ability to sleep. now i don't have the capacity to get into the weeds here yet, but it's causing me issues even in a peak state of stability in my life. i want to know if other neurodivergents are experiencing similar sexual habits and their perspective, both on themselves yourselves and on the behavior. i'm oversleeping after late nights on screen, struggling to find peace in my love life, and craving the same power amp control i feel when i get my porn and orgasm. i have had periods of time where i stayed limited turning of screens before bed, being open with partners about my porn usage. what i notice still is i crave the release, my body demands it or will refuse to sleep. i'm always half a thought away from overspending on sex toys or obsessively looking for ways to have sex. i find myself over sexualizing things and ending up at a point of...well guess i'll just masturbate and coast on that feeling. procrast urbation is also a like a key figure in my life's behavioral history i've masturbated and crashed out to fill the time, then woken up the moment or long after something was due or i need to be somewhere or do something. tl dr where my bipolar sex addicts at? i'm trying to figure out where these two bastards are conspiring so i can fight them separately and stand against them. i wonder who can relate to my experience with pseudo stability dependent on sexual habits.
i feel so empty and don't know who i am i don't think i know what i'm looking for here. maybe just a place where i can spew how i'm feeling out without being afraid of creating some kind of judgment or conflict. i have been having a growing identity crisis lately. once i was diagnosed, my life was based around understanding my illness. then it was about treating it. then it became about maintaining it. now that i've been maintaining it for nearly two years, i feel like i've completely lost myself in the process. i am on disability so don't work, live in a rural town so don't have a big social circle, and i used to get into a lot of different artsy projects, but since getting on my current med cocktail that actually seems to work, i've lost all drive and desire to be creative. i even pulled my art bag out in the hopes that i would want to pick things up and get messy...but nothing. i ended up putting it behind the end table in my living room so it is out of the way. i spend my days exercising, taking care of my dog, cat and husband, my house, cooking and watching tv movies. and while i am a genuine cinephile it's not enough i feel so empty. nothing about my life feels worth while anymore. i can't tell my husband before i sort this feeling out because he'll take it personally and i cannot handle that kind of conflict right now. i literally cried myself to sleep last night though that was provoked because right now my husband is sick with an infection for over a week and he can get a little brash when he doesn't feel well...i try not to take it personally, because it's not personal, it just can hit the right wrong buttons . when i was showering today i was listening to music, and the song try came on, and when colbie caillat sang you don't have to try so hard i just lost it. there was no trigger this time except the song. i've always really been interested in and invested in politics, but the way that politics have been for the last two years, i just feel like it is adding this constant weight to my heart. i am so so sad to see what has happened to our country. everything feels like it's getting worse and i can't see the good happening in the world, anymore. so that hobby has become a very heavy emotional weight. i just....i just feel empty and i don't know what to do. i don't know who i am other than a woman on disability with bipolar. i know others feel this way and that i'm not alone and i wish it made it better. i guess what i need is how to dig myself from out of this pit that is quickly burying me alive.
i feel great worked out changes in my routine so i stopped seeing a doctor for a while. when i was with her, she kept me on lamotrigine, the generic one, got me up to 200 something mg. i also was prescribed some stilnox which was totally awesome if not for my shitty depressive episodes where i would try to sleep all the time and all the mania where i just wanted to hallucinate all the time. anyway! the lamotrigine made me feel so fucking awful. i was a zombie for the longest time. felt no emotions, no sex drive, i was pretty absent as a girlfriend which led to the demise of a really great relationship , no motivation to do anything from work to studies, et cetera. it wasn't working so she kept up ing the dose and also asked me to take some inderal to calm down the increasing anxiety i had. i stopped seeing her, as i've mentioned. it wasn't just the medicine, but it was also because i just didn't feel comfortable speaking to her anymore. she wasn't super awful or anything. there were just subtle instances where i would feel shitty about some things she'd say. since the break up, i realized i needed to get help because i was so not mentally healthy at all. i stopped seeing her in the middle of my relationship because of reasons listed above, but also because i refused to believe that there was something wrong with my brain. i just wanted it to all go away and convince myself i was normal. currently trying some different doctors, looking for the one. meanwhile this is probably not advisable, but because i can't wait between appointments, i started self medicating. went totally sober. no alcohol, no cigarettes, no weed which apparently turns bpd people schizophrenic or something? which sucks because it was so great for the anxiety , no popping benzos or any other drug. started working out more consistently. controlled my eating. i went back on the lamotrigine but this time i started taking the branded gsk lamictal. started with 50mg. i paired it with 10mg of inderal. i felt so great!!!! i was having episodes all the time, but this calmed me down in a non zombie way. i started building a tolerance to it though i think? my anxiety would come back worse. weeks into this routine, i went up gradually to 250mg of lamictal and 40mg of inderal. i'm feeling really great. i know it's not mania. i just feel healthy and normal. i think it's helping me keep to my routine, cope with my break up, be more productive. i'm on my way to becoming a better person i think. someone who won't let the big bad bpd monster win.
paradoxical cycle of my past, present and future and suicidal ideation hi guys , so i am a bipolar and i haven't actually told anyone but few about my bipolarity. anyway i believe being a bipolar affects the way i am thinking and the decisions i make according to my emotions which are instable and which will eventually lead to a feeling of regret and guilt later. so my problem is that now while the usual and frequent depressive episodes trigger, this depressive episode is the worst so far, i live in this paradoxical loop and cycle between my past and all these nostalgic moments i am always recalling in my mind that could make me sometimes happy but also crying because i miss these moments so much and miss the people that i don't see anymore but have been a great part in my life nevertheless left me for either no reason or with a reason that i couldn't really do anything about it, my present which is affected negatively by my nostalgia and emotions for the past and taking a great amount of time just living in the memories, living in the past and dreams instead of living in the present time, and my future which l do think about but don't care about it anymore, sometimes i used to think about my future to forget about the past but failed to do so. thinking about what i could do in the future makes me a bit happy nevertheless when these nostalgic moments hit me, it just converts me from a happy person to a sad, desperate and disappointed person again that eventually lead to deep depression which cause suicidal ideation, mostly to overdose to death, but ends up with failed attempts to commit suicide. i can't even determine if these memories are good or bad by now cuz it depends as well, sometimes i just get the good parts of the memories while other times i just get the tragic parts and events that happened to me as for getting bullied recently at the university, losing my best friend, losing my boyfriend ...etc. i just believe by now that good memories are even worse and more hurtful than the bad ones. it just feels like getting stabbed in the back. these many emotions and mixed up thoughts i get give me a headache and usually panic attacks, that sometimes i cut myself with a nearby sharp thing as well. i also have adhd, social phobia and severe trust issues. i now feel so bad that i wish this world to stop and my life ends. thinking about suicide already makes me more comfortable to end my struggle you know. so i've been asking if i am alone on this. does anyone relate to my experience?
best friend needs me and i m not there long post my best friend recently moved to a new city and doesn t know anyone. it s ruining his mental health and i ve been getting midnight and 1 am texts and calls from him. my boyfriend doesn t understand that there is nothing going on and he needs someone to be there for him. i understand he doesn t want me talking to other guys at that hour, but i m so conflicted on helping a friend or making my boyfriend happy. no matter what i do it s the wrong decision. when i drink and fall asleep my boyfriend will wake me up saying i got a call or text and i will be in such a confused state i will state a ridiculous lie that doesn t even make sense. i don t even realize what i ve said until he starts yelling at me that i just lied to him. last night my best friend called me twice and my boyfriend tried to wake me up and i told him some recruiter called me. it s so outrageous and i don t even remember saying it. this led to another fight about me lying and our relationship being put on the line. i can t keep fighting and being the bad guy that s ruining our relationship. no matter what i am always the one at fault. i don t think i can survive another fight with him threatening our relationship only to wake up and get told that he still wants this. last night i got multiple texts and calls from my best friend begging for me to talk to him and he needs someone there. my boyfriend grabbed the ipad and facetimed him and told him to stop calling me and hung up. i was a wreck crying my heart out in our bedroom. i wanted to lock myself in the closet and call my friend and be there for him but we were in the middle of battling out whether i m lying or he wants this and how i was the one who needed to fix it. i woke up this morning and had a text from my friend telling me he had been cutting himself all night thanks to me. why do i tell people i ll be there for them when clearly i can t keep the promise? i ve let yet another close friend down. i can t keep letting people get close to me. i ruin every relationship i ve formed with people because i can t keep my own life in check. i feel like the scum of the earth who doesn t deserve a damn thing. i want to make everyone happy at what ever cost and don t think about the reality of it. i want to rewind time and start everything over again and make it right. at this point i get to keep riding the spiral farther and father down. i could really use a high right now because this low keeps getting worse and worse.
advice the dead sea, saltiest place on earth, second to her. new relationship, and best described as dating a pretzel... twisted, salty and i can't get enough! i'm a 22 y o maori male and have been seeing this choice as lady for a coupley months, she's 30 and deals with type 1. we just started living together, and she has 2 awesome young girls, who also seem to posses the ability of growing horns on command. i don't know how to explain, that i enjoy playing with fire aware of getting burned. the unpredictable is such a turn on, from good vibes present to more energy than a lightning storm. i haven't known her personally for long, but majority of her previous relationships with family and partners has been a path of hardship through physical, mental and spiritual violence... due to their lack of understanding empathy. i'm fortunate to have personal stability, and have so much stength to support this beautiful lady, plenty of time for her daughters, as want to provide them with the guidance and opportunities that, i took for granted in whatever they wish to pursue. it's still early days, and she's a really independent lady, a survivor not a victim, so there aren't labels yet as such, as she struggles with romantic feelings as much as guys. she doesn't take meds, but from previous experience, they bring about a numbness. i strongly identify with spirit natrual alternatives as a maori, not just crazy if anyone has any suggestions? at times she goes really queit, and you can feel the static in the room, i just haven't grasped, how to bring her out of this headspace, as she is so independent and hasn't had a partner that can support and just listen, without anger or wanting to fix everything she keeps quiet. her thought manifests in the environment and is like static electricity. she seems to resolve issues like a male through self reflection, rather than a verbal release. laughter seems to help, so i try change her pattern of thought with humour, but the downside being i dont know what's appropriate at times. last thing i want is to come across as her mother, especially since early days but i'm all about the family values and just here for support. to listen rather than reply, these ears aren't painted on. if anyone has any advise on this situation, dealing with my lady who could make even the devil breakdown on jeremy kyle. would be much appreciated. she's so worth it, without darkness we'd never appreciate how good the light is. nothing worse than a basic b tch, like a challenge.
how do i accept that i m bipolar? i just can t get it out of my head that i m not. but this past january i thought i was an aztec chased by jaguars and loved the feeling of fighting for my life. it was exhilarating. thought the starbucks mermaid lady was laughing at me and that walls were moving. also heard some voices. walked through puddles in the rain and got my clothes and shoes sopping wet because i thought i d be reincarnated as a mentally healthy person saw cameras where there were none thought people on the bus were plotting to kill me thought an escalator was gonna eat me kept dissociating pretended to eat my fingers like they were chicken tenders, looked in the mirror and thought my mouth was full with my fingers and laughed at myself, then i was horrified. in my head was thinking i must grab the skin and scooped it out and realized i was picking at my face and stopped myself overall i was unstable for around 2 weeks was incredibly depressed for around a month afterwards but i was able to reality check. i was very agitated but i worked okay and hid the symptoms successfully and let myself enter the other world when i was alone. i don t remember how sleep went but it wasn t bad. i took myself to the hospital when i almost walked into traffic bc i was dissociating badly and terrified by the mix of suicidal self destructive thoughts and intense glee. but i was diagnosed with bipolar 1 and then later at a php another psychiatrist confirmed the diagnosis? and these past four days i ve had unbearable amounts of energy. rock climbed for hours. disappeared in music to the point that i forgot i was listening to music and the noises scared me. everything feels so good. it feels good on my fingers to type this. i can feel the energy of cars passing by. i can feel the patterns of tree branches. also irritated with other people at points they talk too slow! . have had trouble sleeping and feel fine. felt connected to the universe. felt funny in my head. i m on lithium so i m self aware and i don t get as many bizarre thoughts as i did the first time around. but i don t get the urge to buy things. on this subreddit people say they buy things but i don t do that. and now im beginning to feel a bit of sleepiness and mania has to last seven days to be mania, doesn t it? i feel like i m faking it. i see some symptoms align with bp but i m thinking of stopping my medication and then i ll see if this is truly mania hypomania. i just don t know. how do you know you re not faking it?
finding help hi so, i don t know how to start this, i don t know if i m bipolar but that s what i m looking to find out. since late middle school i ve felt depressive moods cut myself for 3years, started partying doing drugs and drinking at a really young age and got pretty promiscuous. i never thought i was depressed because sometimes i d feel really happy and i was capable of that. i thought i was schizophrenic because sometimes i feel delusional or lately i ve started kind of seeing things or just being extremely terrified of seeing things. i even started to hear my dog choke the other day and when i yelled about it to my sister she said she heard nothing. i just learned that people who are bipolar have delusions and hallucinations, so that part makes sense. i don t do drugs or cut myself anymore and after those things i tried really hard to clean up my act and managed to do very good in school and still am, but i have absolutely no motivation and i get distracted so easily like not even adderall will help me again i thought i had adhd but found out this is also a symptom of being bipolar . my mom will sometimes call me squirrel because i ll talk so fast and leap from topic to topic, but other times i can t even talk to anyone because i get so irritated. i also have weird sleep patterns, i can t go to bed even when i m tired and i feel the need to sleep for an incredibly long time most of the time. i also just hate myself, i hate how i look so much, despite constantly being praised for what i look like and wht i achieve. i don t know if i m just being paranoid or if i have general anxiety disorder or if i m bipolar... i m scared to reach out snd get help, i don t know how. i get so hysterical and i cry so easily and i am so incredibly anxious. my family doctor is an asshole and my family would completely destroy me if they found out i was getting therapy when they were alerted by my teacher who found out i was cutting myself my mom was sad for about a minute and to this day 5 6yrs since they found out my dad will stay make fun of me for being depressed about nothing and cutting myself. none of them understand mental illness or why anyone with privilege would be mentally ill because they grew up in communist poland and had to escape and they were fine so i just feel stuck but i hate feeling like this i dont know what to do. tldr i feel like i could be bipolar but i m unsure, i don t know what to do or how to get help. family would kill me if they knew.
got diagnosed and am now spiraling so i found out i was bipolar by looking it up because it popped in my head one day and adhd didn't explain everything. so i did that, realized it matched perfectly, talked to my psych, and it turned out he already thought i had a mood disorder but didn't know which one. i had never brought up the manic feelings i got where i'd just be really confident and happy for no reason, kind of like not giving a shit about what anyone thought and then having a million ideas, thinking how i'm gonna improve my life, also wasting a ton of money on games because in those moments my mind just goes do it who cares. i never told him about these feelings because i thought it was normal. i've always thought how i felt emotions was completely normal because i thought everyone had no control over them and because it was normal for me i had never known any difference. i know for a fact that i'm bipolar and i'm diagnosed but it still feels like pepple think i'm lying for no reason or like no one believes me. i'm not lying about how i feel and my symptoms but it feels like everyone thinks i am because what they say is how did no one find out about it until now. i never talked about it because i thought it was normal. i only started talking about it when i said i feel like only sometimes i'm lucid and other times i have no control over how i feel. like it feels like i only swim to the surface once in a while and then i'm dragged back under into depression and mania, rapidly cycling between the two. it feels like after my diagnosis i started cycling more and more rapidly? like i've kind of lost any semblance of control i had left i guess. like i feel manic when i'm depressed or vice versa. it's scary because it feels like i'm having more frequent mood swings, like 3 4 times daily. i don't know if they're actually more frequent or i'm just realizing that i'm having mood swings because i never recognized them before. i don't even know why i'm posting this, i guess it's a cry for help? idk i know that i'm manic right now and i'll probably think what the fuck later but it feels like what i should do right now. i'm so scared, i feel so out of control. i had to take a leave of absence from college. i don't know what to do anymore, i feel like i'm just at the whims of my emotions and i hate it. i'm so scared. does anyone have any advice or support? it feels like my life is slowly spiraling out of control and i just don't know what to do anymore.
im manic advice input please disclaimer, not asking if i'm manic ik im manic i just am curious on if what i think caused it is even possible well it's official, my guess was correct, i know this because i've been crying for no reason and i was like oh im just dramatic, then i started getting very irritable, then paranoid, and now i feel coked up. i hate it here idk what triggered it. is it possible that realllly good news could have triggered it? cause over springbreak i got the best news that the person who sexually assaulted me got suspended from the school. and i had like this burst of euphoria because i was so happy, i stayed up for two days because i had so much energy, but other than that i don't think i had any other symptoms. last week tuesday is when the random crying episodes began. my ex has been trying to take care of me because i would just ball for no reason and i was trying to figure out why, like i couldnt be alone or else i would start crying from anxiety and then on sunday i was so depressed i was staring off into space and wouldnt move or talk so my ex had to help me out of bed. yesterday i had sugar and was like hm this is a suspisuous amount of energy. then today after i got a good critique from my proffesor i got filled with energy, then i ate food and drank water and now i have even more because when im manic and i eat or drink water it makes the mania worse. but like seriously could good news have caused this? over break i was also pretty inconsistant with meds but i was still taking them. like i think i missed one night dose which i've done before and i've felt compleltly fine. i take 300mg total 200mg morning 100mg at night of lamictal, i was preparing for a depressive episode if i lost but now i'm having a mixed episode for the first time in a year which i was really happy about my winning streak against that and i havent been manic since like novemeber. anyways from the way i'm typing im like 100 sure that i am and it's just been getting worse throughout the day. i need to take some hydroxizine that typically takes me down from the euphoria. like i feel great but i hate feeling this happy and peppy and literally nausious from energy it's 3pm and i've eaten like four fried mozzarella sticks and that made me so stuffed. okay sorry again, do you think this good new could have triggered it? because it wasn't until springbreak that i thought i was hypomanic, but it's been like two weeks and the symptoms have gotten worse.
i gave up my old career in return for a happier, healthier life. i went to medical school as a healthy, bright 18 year old, but within the first year i had my first major depressive episode and suicide attempt. at 19 i had my first manic phase a month long binge with multiple sexual partners, drug use, and irrepressible urges to study all night. spontaneous and irresponsible acts were my forte i decided that morocco was my spirit country, and whisked myself off the next day. i gained a reputation amongst my friends as mercurial and fun, but inside i was imploding my second suicide attempt followed the month after. in my mind the problem was medicine. this stressful, hypercompetitive environment was obviously causing my mood swings no way was this an organic health problem. so i left med school at the beginning of 4th year, and began teaching maths and i was great at it! this career change had solved all of my problems, and i was tippety top flying high fantastic! life couldn't get better, right? wrong. the depression came back, harder than ever, sending me spiralling down into a deep, dark chasm. i was admitted to hospital and diagnosed properly, treated and sent on my way a month later, armed with mood stabilisers, cbt worksheets and a new found passion for yoga. i thought i could just ride the wave, surfing with the sun on my face when times were good, and paddling against the tide when times got bad. i never imagined i'd be dragged under again. but i was. the stress of teaching caught up. the long hours, the constant need to be 'on' and engaging, the marking, the data tracking, the free time spent planning, the expectations, the meetings they slowly pulled me down until i was drowning, exhausted from fighting the tide, and ready to accept defeat. but three months ago i stopped fighting. i left teaching, and i felt the wave pull me up, lifting me toward the surface. each day that i got up was a victory that brought me closer to sunlight. i chose to leave behind the stress that was threatening my survival and anchoring me to the ocean floor and i put myself first. in a few weeks time i start a job working part time as an activities coordinator for the same psychiatric hospital group that i was admitted as an inpatient to. i tutor for an online company, and i'm happy. i'm not dipping and diving on the surf with the wind rushing past, but i'm not inhaling salty foam beneath the surface either. i'm just sitting on my board, content to be.
lamictal pristiq wellbutrin bad combination? hey all first, i am a male in my early 20s. i have been struggling to find the right mix of medication for me. i am not formally diagnosed with bp my doctor classified it as depression at the beginning. my experiences with medications began about five years ago. i originally started with small doses of pristiq desvenlafaxine and wellbutrin bupropion hcl xl . 50mg of pristiq and 150mg of bupropion. still didn't feel 'right' so the doses got upped over the course of a year or two. i eventually was taking 450mg of bupropion and 200mg of pristiq. a year or so later, my doctor added lamictal lamotrigene . began at 50mg, went to 100mg, and eventually 200mg. at this same time, my doctor decreased my dosage of pristiq. i was taking 100mg pristiq 450 mg bupropion 200mg lamictal. lamictal seemingly helped the most out of all the drugs. i was not feeling extremely low ever i.e. hurt myself . looking back it seems like a whole lot of medications...did i really need all that? i began to feel suppressed. while i didn't experience extreme lows, their was not any highs either. it was just flatlined. my sex drive was also non existent. i am in my early 20s after speaking with my dr., we decided to lower some of my doses. he briefly told me what lowering the doses of each of my medications would do, and he gave me the liberty of experimenting a bit. i slowly trickled down to what i am currently on 25mg of pristiq 150mg bupropion 200mg lamictal. i do not feel as emotionally suppressed as i once was, nor do i feel extreme lows. everything seems to be okay, aside from a few things. i know that life isn't perfect, and being 'happy' all the time isn't normal, but i do feel like i am missing some happiness in my life. another major issue is my sex drive. it is still completely ruined and it is beginning to affect my life and overall well being. i guess my questions are was taking all three of those medicines at high doses a bad thing? in other words, is my doctor not giving good advice? should i seek out a 'second opinion'? are there any ways to combat the sexual side effects that you have successfully utilized? should i consider talking with a doctor my current dr. or a new one about changing things up, if so, do you have any personal experience that would lead you to suggest a specific change here? thank you for all of the help! if i am missing something in my post, or you need clarification, please let me know.
i feel like things are catching up to me and i am tired i spent the last two years telling myself to not be sad or angry, and telling myself that depressive issues were simply unacceptable and disregarding the patterns because i managed symptoms so well for four years. got into my dream school after five years, no self confidence, not solod on resources, too much pressure, depressive cycling, poor performance, got kicked out. took time off, made a bunch of promises. three months back in the school everyone was so happy and i was kicked out again. the depressive episodes and ensuing nastiness fed feed off of my extreme guilt and fear from a lack of support structure and having ruined my opportunities already at this age and crashed my big dream. i was discouraged from working so i could not always comfortably cover psych and meds. all i wanted was to be free. any money i receive came with strings attached with the subtext that i would do what 'normal people' do get a degree to be a valid person with a future like your sibling narrative . so i lied about school, lied about my health, trying the same things over because i wanted the help i recieved to be valid and prove myself as not problematic . then i hid the drop out. i am terrified of the person of influence who i lied to the most. i wrote a letter clearly explaining that i am not better than other people with mental illnesses and need to reevaluate my choices because continuing to try when i just keep cycling is stupid. i did not receive a good response. to me admitting my fear of failure, shame, and poor mental health a sentence, and 50. no contact for a month. so i know what to expect. i hurt them by lying, since they put in alot of time and money to help me get this far. but they were really calculated and nasty in the past and i don't know if the rug will get pulled from under me by coming clean. now i sitting in this place i won't have the money for soon, on a phone that will get shut off, havent seen my psych in two months, trying to imagine a future different from the only one i ever imagined, or not being homeless. i want to freak out, scream, and walk off but i need to get a job, move, and think about a new future. all the food i ate didn't make me feel better and frankly i'm more likely to get employed if i look decent so i should cool it there he even sent me a valentines day card before i sent that fucking awful letter. i feel like a piece of shit. i ruined myself
advice for me diagnosed with depression, questioning bipolar this is something i just don t know how to address. i have depression and anxiety diagnosed 2 years ago, but i ve been aware of it for much longer . i was given 3 medications for my panic attacks and depression by my college s psychiatrist, but upon her retiring, the college wellness center notified me that a nurse practitioner would be monitoring my medication from them on. i felt unsafe, angry, and wiped from the medication so i stopped taking it. i quit going to appointments, and eventually they billed me for all of my no shows and never followed up. for months after i went off my meds, i experienced suicidal thoughts, extreme depressive thoughts, and began self harming. this was very out of character for me. but i stayed off my mess out of fear of regressing. i somewhat leveled out. i have a family history of bipolar disorder, and i m getting close to graduating. i ve been feeling very much unlike myself lately, and i m and my boyfriend is noticing rapid mood changed from manic cleaning the entire house, instigating fights, eating constantly which i m not sure is exactly manic but i can t regulate it, and rapid thoughts to depressive laying in bed and threatening to never get out, crying before every shift at work because i m just so tired, feeling like i m making no progress and just feeling small . my boyfriend has told me at times he feels in equipped talking me through these episodes. he s expressed that i should consider going to therapy again. i m graduating in december, and i just feel like potentially being diagnosed with something else or being recommended new medication can ruin that. i ve worked so hard to get here and i want my degree. but i feel as though it s irresponsible to put off taking care of my mental health. i m also pretty poor so therapy would be tough for me to pay for. i do have insurance though, so i don t know how much of a difference that could make. i ve only ever received free therapy. does anyone have recommendations? is it worth pursuing a diagnosis for soundness of mind, or is it possible for me to just recognize that in myself and adapt? i limit alcohol intake, as that typically makes things worse for me. but i m afraid of taking medication because i m so forgetful and anxious about actually going to refill my prescription. i apologize for the word vomit, but i just don t know where to go from here.
meltdowns at work and ruining relationships, advice? i ve been struggling with bipolar and i ve tried so many different meds none has worked for me. in the past 2 years i had 2 ectopic pregnancies which triggered a meltdown that required me to transfer to a different location. then i had a meltdown in november because i m so exhausted with my current job. it s customer service and sometimes i have to handle picky clients. started taking just klonipin to help my nerves. ended up causing a huge fight because i took too many and felt like i could stick up for myself for once. broke up with my boyfriend. ended up getting back together. things haven t been the same since. long story short, i recently found out that during that time we broke up he added was talking or trying to talk to girls on social media. i m normally not the person to go through peoples phones but i had a really weird feeling by the way he was acting. i m overly jealous. it s a flaw. which caused another meltdown. well, i really can t control my moods at this point. i ve been crying at work 24 7 recently. how embarrassing. i started partying too much again. black out drinking, klonopin, weed i can t sleep at night. it s the only temporary fix that makes me happy for a moment. i did stupid shit i m too embarrassed to even say the past couple weekends at parties. i feel super guilty too. i tried killing my self either last weekend or the weekend before. i cant even remember because i m too mentally drained. i can t get these thoughts out of my head. i feel guilty and i hate myself. i don t feel bad for myself at all. i think i m a disgusting human being and really don t care about life anymore. i would call off but if you get so many points you get fired, plus i really like the people i work with for the most part and don t want to leave them hanging. so anyways, after that nice short summary i don t feel mentally stable to go to work for the rest of the week and i have a mandatory 8 hour meeting tomorrow. honestly i don t even think it s worth going good to because i want to quit. i don t have a back up plan set in stone and i don t even care anymore. i m that done. i want to move far away and start over from scratch or i m probably going to kill myself sometime soon. rant over! sorry for how long it was. i m desperate at this point. i m embarrassed to talk to anyone and be honest about my condition and how i haven t taken any meds.
roommate possible bp with manic episodes? long story short, good friend of mine we were friends roommates for 4 years on and off while we were in different states. he always seemed san while like everyone had his bugs. during few weeks when he used quiet a bit of lsd, some dmt he changed... first couple days he was hyped up with some grandiose ideas.....from whats you would explain with ambitions up to thinking can control internet, has allergy for wifi and stuff like that.... after couple days of bad sleep, some weed it would get worse and come back again. at some point he would come up to me fell asleep at tv as says you and your dog have to go.... and one time i was able to explain him thats is was delusion... another time he became violent and almost attacked me with a knife which is another story. it seemed to calm down after that and even he acknowledged the irrationality of his behavior. today i was on the edge. he txted me and asked whether i saw hi wallet? is looking in kitchen, replied no, not here. to which he demanded that i look better and then said that i should go for a walk and find his wallet. i was tired of this shit and started getting dog for a walk, and putting shoes on. he became violent saying everything here is his and shit like that. started grabbing dog, who started to bite him, to which he went manic saying see he bites me, ill sue you for 1 mil and again tries to take my shit away. i fought him off and went for a walk with dog, he followed me and started grabbing, attacking me to take my dog or what not. at that point we were 500 yards from house on street... he was saying like stop resisting you know what im capable off, there are cars driving beside somebody can die.... at that point a moto cop drove by and stopped, long story short they let us go. i didn't try to press charges.... but what can i do? lately his sleep is better, but in 1 minute there can be a change in mood, and sometimes with delusional thought and all kind of stuff going on. i myself have been sleep depraved last 14 days... trying to manage my life... and his.... and im not a nanny. i can't move out for another month or two? he himself doesn't have family here in states, but basically isn't self sustainable and im afraid of him being so unstable.... anything i can do? do you think it sounds like he could be bp? im thinking of contacting his parents for any advice... but as i said they are overseas.
sick and tired of being sick and tired. haven't posted in a while but.... here goes. quick background bp1, lamictal, welbutrin, benztropine, hydroxyzine. so, i have a appointment with my pdoc this afternoon.... and i really feel like i need a med change of some sort. long story sort i went inpatient last year around july for a full blown psychotic manic episode after taking ssris for months and not realizing they were in fact driving me bat shit crazy. they kept me in the hospital for 16 days on a cec, which i think i'd the max without a court order. i went home slightly less delusional than when i went in, still not well by any means. this subsided as time passed and with med compliance. as i came down i was in a mixed state for a while and eventually wound up crashing into what i was hoping was only a depressed episode, the only thing is that i have not come out of it for almost a year now. furthermore at this point it doesn't feel like my depressive lows of the past. i feel more detached from life than ever and i am constantly, obsessively plagued by the thought that somehow i will stumble upon some kind of joy that i once understood. i have lost any and all drive that i once had..... personal improvement, professional advancement, sexual intamacy, intamacy of any kind for that matter, it has all been lost somewhere in the past. it feels like when you misplace your keys and need to get out of the house quickly because you are already running behind for an important event. every minute that passes while you look for the keys you know you are falling further and further behind and then you start to regret not making an intentional effort to put them where they could be found after you last used them.... but as they say hindsight is 20 20. finally you look up and realize that even if you did find you keys at this point that you likely wouldn't make it until after the events concludes anyway, so what's the point in stressing over it now, worry about it tomorrow...... rinse and repeat. my life has become a series of repetitive movements, each step trying to make it to the next hoping it will be easier, but it's not. each night trying to fall asleep and telling myself that i will wake up rested an refreshed to take on the day, but i won't. i don't want sympathy, i don't want attention, i just want to feel better, i truly just want to be well. whatever the hell that means.
how do you deal with your past? i dated an undiagnosed bipolar 1, while i was an undiagnosed bipolar 2. we met on a mania in our early 20s. i m sure many of you can imagine the drugs and fun we had on our high. i ended up pregnant. he came down hard and i started having suicidal thoughts from all the drama being bipolar entails. i had an abortion. it was the abortion or drive off a bridge. even his catholic family had choice words for me, that made me feel all the more trapped. i cleaned up and went back to college, and started traveling more. he went to rehab 2ce. i wrote him while in rehab the 2nd time. he was kicked out of rehab for acting on his hyper sexuality. him and the lady became a couple and had a daughter. i leave him alone, because now he s diagnosed and i took a few college courses to educate myself on mental illness. i knew he wasn t in full control. he would call me from fake numbers in the middle of the night, and we d talk, never meeting up. his lady caught on and would call and confront me. i sent her receipts that it s him after me. eventually he stopped contacting me knowing i d snitch. it s been 8 years and i m now diagnosed, and medicated myself. i recently had my own daughter. i ve been thinking about him, and looked him up. he reached out to me 2 years ago, right before i was diagnosed, and i responded with his arrest record. as i m looking into him, i find out he was in a coma from going in to cardiac arrest. he s learning to walk, talk and move his hands again. it looks like he lost a finger. his family hasn t posted any information about how or why. also my daughter has the same name as his mom, totally forgot his moms name and my spouse picked the name. i m in this fog of wanting to reach out, but also, why? we are living separate lives. it s been almost a decade! i questioned if it was real love or the mania for so long.. my spouse and father of my daughter is a good guy. he s stable and loving. he isn t jealous and we have talked about the ex in the past. we have agreed that we chose each other and not the ex s. however, he will never understand what not being in full control is like. it s how i ended up on this sub. looking to see if i was as crazy as i felt. looking for similar experiences and stories, and boy did i find my community. just looking to get this off my chest and for y all s 2 cents, and experiences.
i am a colorful portrait of bipolar, adhd, anxiety, trichotillomania, insomnia, and binge eating and i need advice i was recently diagnosed with bipolar a month ago. at the age of 13, i was diagnosed with adhd, trichotillomania, anxiety, insomnia and a binge eating disorder. i didn't seek medication until i was 18 as my family refused me any meds. in which i was placed on adderall and xanax. after 3 years, my body began to digest it differently causing constant need to have my meds adjusted until he suggested vyvanse. xanax never needed to be adjusted nor did i experience addictive side effects. my doctor would take me off of xanax to see if i experienced and adverse effects. with vyvanse i was able to focus, avoid binge eating all together without any issues maintaining a normal diet. my mood swings were gone, i was even able to sleep normally as once the meds wore off, i was tired and ready for bed by 9 30am now with my new diagnosis of bipolar, which came apparent when mania appeared out of nowhere once i stopped taking vyvanse when waiting for new insurance due to moving out of state, the meds are expensive as hell at 200 bucks my doctor now has me on lamictal 100mg for depression seroquel 50mg for my mania and insomnia, and hydroxyzine 50mg for my anxiety. my mania and depression are gone, although these meds do nothing for my anxiety. i am still dealing with the mood swings i often experienced with adhd. i am quickly irritable or angry over the smallest things. no attention to anything.. like i stopped writing this post 3 times lmao no motivation, and i am back to binge eating. i have asked my doctor to allow me back on my vyvanse in which he has told me no until my mood stabilizes. it has and then he has told me my mania may happen with vyvanse even tho he stated this med carries a small risk due to the way it metabolizes. i have never experienced mania during vyvanse and i am so worried about my binge eating symptoms in which i have gained 60 pounds since last october, and my lack of attention and along with my impulse issues. i see my psychiatrist again today and i am wondering if i should insist that i am placed back on my adhd meds as a trial run? i have tried most non stimulants such as concerta which just led to me being even more exhausted than i normally am atm. any advise would be appreciated lt 3 thank you in advance
am i bipolar? ive got a doctors appointment booked but im so nervous im thinking about cancelling ive recently been experiencing moods which could suggest i may be bipolar, even getting to the point where i almost ended a 13 year relationship with my bf in which we have 3 children together because i felt i didn't love him anymore, only to now fall madly and deeply back in love with him, this all happened in a matter of 2 months and i have had this cycling feeling for almost about 2 years now, but its seems like the moods are getting stronger and i am now acting on them. ive been hiding my depressive moods from people so no one really knows whats going on only my bf, i now tell him everything im feeling which i think has helped massively so far and he is so supportive. i also have rushing thoughts daily but ive just always put that down to that just being me, i just thought it was normal. i can also have obsessive thoughts and this could be on a certain hobby or person my bf i will think about it all day long and my brain is hard to shut off at night sometimes. i always have to have the tv on to fall asleep to distract my brain. i get rushes of creativity and productivity. i can be super excited and obsessive about a project s only forget about them and almost never finish what i plan to do or have started. i end up losing all interest. i find it hard to concentrate for too long and i get easily distracted and im very forgetful. my bf made a doctors appointment for me because i was to nervous that the receptionist might ask me what the problem was and i know i would have freaked out if she had asked me, and i don't know why now im really anxious about this appointment just incase i tell the doctor everything and hes gonna tell me im being too dramatic or maybe not even believe me. im having my bf come with me for support but i know im gonna get so nervous im not gonna be able to speak because i know im gonna forget all of this. any insight or advice i would be so grateful for. i have been doing some research on bipolar, in one respect i would feel really relieved if it is bipolar but then on the other hand its super scary to think i could have a mental disorder as i have been completely healthy all my life and never thought i would ever have something like this. thanks in advance to anyone who can offer some words of wisdom.
help! overwhelming lust, and no idea if this is just soooo hot or if feelings are due to barely sleeping for weeks and brain being a mess we have been talking just over a week. he wants to get me and basically have me live with him and be his domestic helper, which i love since that is my pesonalirt anyway. but i am also usually frigid have ptsd and dont feel things for people easily but omg he is soooo hot and i feel the most ovrrpowering lust. my bidy hurts so much. we have nothing in common, he almost exclusively talks about sex, is smart, a lawyer, but might be a sex addict but i kind of dont mind at all then this other guy has entered my life who i hace tons more in common with he hasnt sent a picture yet but if i was thinking rationally he would be someone i have real longterm potential with but the other guy is so sexually forward and hotnand i cant resist him for some reason, he is like a vampire amd l want him to drink my blood .. not really but kind of if you get what i mean i am somewhere with mold which means i have had insomnia for nearly a month i should leave but i was helping a family with nine kids and they basically want my help so much and make me feel pressured so i cant go the lawyer guy will pick me up and make me his and he is so hot and i need him so badly and i never have flings or do amythig like this but i cant control my desire help the family here is not down for me to leave until end of month. and that is to go to another over protective family to see if xan sleep there.. but then they want me to come back. they sont believe me about the mold causing insomnnia but this happened to me in the past this phone doesnt work well so sorry for all the typos im just so full of burning desire and i already felt this way for another stranger a few weeks ago and poof it just faded practically overnight and i cant tell what is lust and what is genuine and maybe this is all just lust but is still genuine lust and i just sont hink i can resist it he sent me a pic of his ex wife giving him a blowjob which i thought was kind of awful since that pic was meant to be private im sure but im probably a masochist and like how dominant and narcissistic he is in an awful primal way sorry if i offend anyone help the lust is killing me and he says he is not picking me up sunday and i dont know how to handle this at all
should i contact bp ex in this situation? cross posted from r bipolar sos. my bp2 dumped me last summer in the middle of a mixed episode. her stated view was that it was because i had made too big a deal out of something to me when she was in a bad space. she left me on the day i had a pretty significant head injury. because of various medical stuff she had going on at the time, we didn t really speak much. we had been planning to marry and move together. that didn t happen. i was completely blindsided by all this. three months later, i left town for medical treatment. even though she said she wasn t going to do this, she completely ghosted me when i left. my treatment hasn t really worked. eight months later now, i am getting closer to being unable to do my work. it looks like i have cte. i don t have a whole lot of support in life, in terms of family and other people, and i m losing my livelihood. my personality has changed. i am not planning to continue my life like this, and i consider it a matter of maintaining some personal dignity in the face of what s going to be an unpleasant future. yes, i ve done everything i can and i m continuing to try, but i live in the united states, and there s not a real viable set of alternatives for me. i will probably end my life later this spring or in early summer, when i can wrap up what i need to do to not leave a mess other people have to deal with. this question is not about that decision. i have my dignity, and the prognosis isn t good. and i don t know, because i can t tell, whether she has ever come out of this phase, or if she s still in it. should i send her a letter and and tell her goodbye? it s the only unresolved relationship in my life. it would be especially helpful to hear from people with bp. would you want to hear from me, or would it be better just to find out from other people? she was having a hard time with all relationships at the time, and i don t believe at least then she hated me. i think she still loved me. i don t want to do it in such a way that would feel weird and manipulative, i want to give her something tangible that, if she feels anything at all at this point or some point in the future, will let her feel some kind of closure or at least that she wasn t abandoned. she doesn t know how bad it s been or that it s degenerating. how do i say it?
back to the psychiatrist... i sat in the parking lot outside of work today and finally made another appointment with my psychiatrist after three months of quitting medication. i'm so tired of feeling depressed and angry and nauseous and paranoid. i'm in a mixed episode and my method of keeping my head down and waiting it out isn't working well for me. music sounds strange. voices and lights are overwhelming. road rage spills out of me and i'm horrified but unable to stop...and when i'm not behind the wheel my feet drag, i have trouble focusing, every small task a huge ordeal. i haven't cooked in weeks i'm either overeating or not eating at all and i'm spending way too much money on delivery and drive thru's. i'm anxious and irritable and bitter and hopeless and yet i know, logically, that i have no reason to feel this way. i was on medication for six months before i stopped taking everything cold turkey. the lamotragine and wellbutrin had helped a lot at first when i was in a similar state last spring, but i wasn't convinced that i needed them anymore or that my bipolar diagnosis was even accurate and i was a couple of weeks away from losing my insurance indefinitely. it's been a whirlwind of a winter. i went through it all euphoric hypomania around the holidays. huge spending, not sleeping or eating, hanging out with everybody, falling in love, lots of drinking and partying and being merry. i could so easily sink karaoke in front of hundreds of my coworkers at the holiday party or confess my love for my best friend or be curiously spontaneous . followed by a crash. depression. self medicating. waking up with a feeling of dread. not wanting to leave the house, go to work, get out of bed. i quit my food industry job, stopped hanging out with friends, stopped replying to texts and calls. started feeling better for a week or two before bam here we are. mixed episode. i'm not looking forward to tomorrow. i don't want to be on medication or accept that i have bipolar, but i'm willing to try if it gets me out of this horribly distressing mess. i don't know where to start except to post here and not be in the dark about what i've been going through these past few months as well as the past decade . and i'm fortunate to have a wonderful psychiatrist. it helps with going back. words of encouragement needed.
struggling with being at work. i'm not sure exactly what is wrong. i have been so great for a long time. we've just had a beautiful baby boy, i was so lucky that i got to have almost a year off work to be with him. i had arranged to go back to work and a week before i was due back in i had a hypomanic blip, i went to the doctor's about it when i felt it coming on they were beyond useless, seriously the nhs is in dire fucking trouble as well as anyone who desperately needs their help they wanted me to postpone going back but financially it was just impossible, plus i felt like i could conquer the world so i went back. i was really productive and confident for about a month until the higher dose meds brought me back down and now i'm stable again. the problem now is that i have other medical problems, i deal with a lot of pain amp i have epilepsy so there's trying to keep that in check too, as well as caring for my son and at this point in time, i just can't deal with it all. my concentration for anything other than playing with my son, changing him, feeding him etc is nil. when he goes to bed at night i pretty much just sit there and stare at what ever nonsense is on the tv because i don't have the brain capacity to even try to enjoy anything like a game or movie or reading or anything. i just sit there and then go to sleep. i have a tonne of support at home, my so is a diamond i am so thankful for him. i really chose well in the life partner department for sure. my family, mil amp friends are all super supportive too. so i don't really have much to complain about outside of not coping with work. i used to love my job, i was good at it amp i love recognition for when i do a good job but i just don't think i'm good at it anymore. i can barely seem to keep my train of thought together let alone handle the complex shit at work i deal with. i've been trying to think if maybe getting a simpler job would be better, i was a cleaner for a while when i was younger and sort of found that therapeutic. but i am quite prideful about my skillset so i'm not sure in the long run whether that would maybe cause more problems than it would fix. i don't know, i'm just feeling really frazzled and i'm on the way to work, can anyone relate? in a way i wish i was still a bit hypo it gave me the boost i think i needed.
i just keep throwing away my life. i just don't know what to do anymore. 25 year old female, diagnosed at 18 and have been taking lithium on and off. well... i went off my medications again for a few months. i went off when i was done with school receiving a certificate for my future career. well, i felt fine, as i am not working currently so don't really have any stressors. before i went fully off my medications i was not taking them consistently and i quit one of my jobs of 4 years, started a new one during the time i bought a house and was moving and quit that one after a few months. the anxiety was the thing that was my problem, i was having massive panic attacks, and just had this intense self hatred for myself which then diminished my self confidence entirely. especially after just throwing away my life. well just recently, i got a job in the career i was going to school for for so many years... and after day 1 i quit because i had a major meltdown. could not keep food and water down, was cold sweats and shaking anxiety, it took me back to last year when i also had a similar meltdown. but this time it was so intense and different. i hate myself for quitting a professional job the next freaking day. how embarrassing, i literally threw away everything and i feel i will never be able to go back again. i now am deeply depressed and anxious. cannot eat, keep waking up in a panic. i wish i never went off my meds, maybe i would have never quit the job and stuck it out. i don't know what my problem is. i just started my meds again, i am only on lithium er. i am currently seeing a psych doc and i have kept her out of the dark about going off my meds and how i have been taking them so inconsistently. i also want to go on the anxiety med she recommended buspar, but i refused to try it because i thought i could beat it myself.. bipolar symptoms i have more control over. i am not sure if this is a part of bipolar or just separate generalized anxiety. now everyone in my life thinks i am lazy and just don't want to work. but i do, i just keep fucking up because i won't take my meds. my boyfriend is currently paying all the bills, we just bought a house, so we are living pay check to pay check and i am afraid he will end up leaving me because of this. i feel as if its the end of the world.
it s 10am and i don t want to get out of bed the depressive hot yesterday. hard and fast and vicious. that thought process unneeded, unwanted, unremembered i was laid off a month ago. i check the job boards and nothing is even interesting. i m 40 years old never been married and don t have kids. what i do is who i am, i have nobody to share my life with, nobody to make working worthwhile. i want to open my own business but i need to raid my 401k to do that. i don t see the point in having a 401k when it s likely i will die in my sixties. but everyone thinks it s a bad idea to use my life savings to do something that interests me. if i show people the statistics of reduced life span for bipolar and they disregard it. if i only have 25 ish years left why shouldn t i make it the best 25 years doing something i love? why should i get a job that is just a job with no purpose other than to buy another day. the funny thing about starting my own store is the people who would never shop there think it s a horrible idea but the people who would shop there and owners of similar shops think it s a great idea, challenging, but great. my father literally told me to get a job as a janitor at the hospital. i want to do my own thing but i m being blocked and told to do something safe. is anything worth doing ever safe or easy? hell no! i can t escape the working class playing it safe. if you re wondering, this is the store i want to open it would be called the basement, if you think about the kids from stranger things and the basement they hang out in then roll that forward 5 6 years what do you have? a place with music, and books, and games all specifically tailored to what they enjoy. the store would be selling specific genre records growing at double digits , dystopian speculative sci fi high fantasy books and games like d amp d and magic and catan and similar things. stores that carry everything and try to cater to everyone struggle but boutique style stores serving specific markets do okay and can develop a solid customer base. but apparently, having done tons of market research and knowing the product and knowing the area and what sells and having worked in retail management for years are all indicators that i should do something safe maybe i should be a get a job as a bus driver instead.
depression i usually have a couple of bad days a month on a lot of meds , usually i have crying spells, overwhelming sense of dread, i hate myself and think i m a horrible person who s always and always will fuck up everything good in their life. then it goes away pretty quickly. the depression i m experiencing has been a slow onset over a few weeks, but has been really bad. my boyfriend says i ve been fucked since new years, idk know if i believe that, maybe. i feel so god awful alone. i haven t felt this alone in such a long time, and my boyfriend just took me to pick out my engagement ring. my boyfriend doesn t get this sort of stuff and doesn t even try, but i ve isolated myself so badly he s all i ve got to talk to i m convinced no one else cares, and i m convinced he doesn t want to put up with my shit anyways . he gets very mad. i usually have to beg him to listen, then when he finally does, he ll say things like don t do that just do what you have to do . i try to talk to him but he says all i do is tell him what he does wrong, which in my opinion isn t accurate, my only gripe with our relationship has been communication and always has been. we re bad at it together. i don t even know why i m writing this. everything is such a fucking chore. i hate going to university i m in my mid twenties because i feel so alone. like those movie scenes where the person is standing still, but there are thousands of people moving around them very quickly. like i know i don t have anything in common with the kids at school, but since the depression has onset it s only magnified how utterly alone i feel. i can t let go of the feeling that i fuck everything up. i have to beg my boyfriend to listen to me and that s always a fight. i ve missed assignments in school and i feel like i m trashing it really though, nothing major, not in danger of failing . i m just a piece of shit, the same piece of shit i ve always been. i ruin every good thing i touch. i wish i didn t care that i had to beg him to care about me sometimes, i think he is just more aloof than i am at any given time. i wish i could care less. i don t know. i ve been in tears all night and am having a horrible horrible time. i have homework to do, but i d love to just take my medicine and knock out. i hate everything right now.
starting abilify, plus some venting i've been on wellbutrin for around 5 years, lamictal for three, and now am adding abilify. wellbutrin stopped by zoloft induced dissociative fugues, and lamictal changed my life, tbh. i started taking it at around the same time as the first covid lock downs, and the medication plus the chance to recognize and indulge my agoraphobia was huge. i used to have panic attacks and dissociative episodes every single time i tried going to grocery stores, restaurants, malls, or anywhere else crowded and overstimulating, and that's much less of an issue now. three years later everything is still better, but i have a really hard time with task initiation completion and do still have hypomanic episodes, scary intrusive thoughts, and constant suicidal ideation that sometimes gets a little too active for comfort . i kinda thought i was doing fine, since it really is noticeably better than before, but during a recent appointment with my psychiatrist i was mentioning this and he asked if it was affecting my ability to work. i said no, but then almost immediately remembered how frequently i spend an entire day staring at my screen unable to think clearly enough to write, only to have anxiety attacks at the end of the day because i feel correctly like i got nothing done and am bad at my job. logically, i know that i'm actually really good at my job, but ykwim . then i end up working late and it compounds with everything else and i end up exhausted and can barely help with housework and things, and that then makes me feel like a terrible partner. on the flipside, i think about how much better i feel now, and wonder how tf my partner stayed with me through all that it'll be 8 years in a few months. at this point, i'm already on 400mg of lamictal and 300mg of wellbutrin, so rather than increase the dose past the point of clinical evidence, my psychiatrist suggested trying abilify. it feels kind of rough to add another pill to the handful, since i'm also on other meds for other health issues, but i just really hope it works. i care a lot about my job and what i do and i really want to be able to be more helpful around the house, so i'm trying to be optimistic. have any of y'all tried that mix? what was your experience? thank you for reading through all this
tips on finding employment after quitting job due to bp? this is all very hypothetical for myself, but i'm hoping others reading have insight. i am in the us. i'm in a job that often triggers me for various reasons. i've been in a almost constant depressive episode for the past almost two months. the exception is some hours of natural ease happiness from spending time with a few nonjudgmental friends throughout that time. my work performance has tanked and it's becoming an issue. i have coworkers talking to my boss about it, and i don't blame them, but my boss is trying to be nice about it to a degree that makes me worry that i'm taking his reputation. i will be doing an out patient treatment program in the next few weeks. i am already on intermittent fmla, but the current plan which i do not like much is to do part time work in the afternoons at my current job while i do the program in the mornings. i just had an anxiety attack after getting a phonecall from my boss to talk about it. i feel like the end is near, but my boss and a few coworkers are still trying to be on my side and i see that. however, i need to leave sooner or later. i used references to get this job i've been in it for just under a year that were absolutely glowing from people i respect. quitting is embarrassing for me and i wonder how much it will reflect on them. i don't feel comfortable using them as references any more. i have a long job history on my resume, with a new job about every three years. but i think it will look weird if i don't use anyone from those jobs as references. my main question is assuming i don't have references, how do i find a job? i'm 30, i live alone because i have a hard time with roommates. i know i can be the problem, but i always try to resolve any conflict and the older i've gotten the better i've gotten, but i also am in a difficult place emotionally and am having a hard time focusing and functioning. i feel like i'm at the edge and yet there's a light at the end of the tunnel of treatment if i can just figure out how to do this job a little bit longer and find something else that can help me keep my home and continue my medications and therapy. feels like a tall order. tl dr assuming i don't have references, how do i find a job as someone in their 30s?
decreased need for sleep, difficulty taking meds i m not sure where the best place to ask this is. i m too afraid of bringing it up to my providers so i m hoping i can seek support here before i mention anything. i m diagnosed bipolar type 1, i ve only had one manic episode that led to psychosis. mostly, i struggle with rapid cycles of mixed mania, hypomania and depression when unmedicated. the last maybe month or so ? i guess i ve had a decreased need for sleep. so much that my psychiatrist noticed it before i did and prescribed medicine for sleep. i m taking my mood stabilizers regularly but for some reason i just cannot make myself take sleeping medication and these past two weeks i ve noticed have been pretty worrisome while reflecting on it change in sex drive and drugs, unlike myself and putting myself in dangerous situations i m just really afraid of bringing it up to anybody for fear of judgement. i know how silly it is to have the solution to my problem right in front of me, and i don t want to make it seem like i don t care about my mental health. i am experiencing all symptoms of hypo? mania and some mixed features of depression. it was really nice for a few days of this week but just like my first manic episode, the only way i can describe it is like, you re going so high up on a roller coaster that when you feel it slipping down, it s scary and drastic and you do everything you can to keep going up just so it doesn t crash. i feel like im in the beginning stages of that and i really don t want to do this. the euphoria and attractiveness of mania is incredible, but the constant racing thoughts and heart rate, the irritability and anxiety are uncomfortable and i know im prone to psychosis. it seems like the easiest solution would be to actually take my prescribed medication, but it is really hard for me. i feel like there s so much more time i have to get stuff done later in the night and i see it as a waste to go to bed so early especially when i don t need to. i m aware of how ridiculous it all sounds but i don t know what to do to make myself take the medication. i know i have to but i genuinely just do not want to, but unfortunately i know this is probably contributing to mania. any advice or support would be helpful. thank you all who read
i don't know how to explain this. maybe i just need to rant. i've been sober for a year and 3 months. i take my meds everyday without fail. i eat pretty good and try to get outside as much as i can even though i'm a shut in, agoraphobic. i go to therapy. my problems are dealt with, my stressors are at a minimum. why the fuck am i depressed? why the fuck can't i sleep? seriously, it's almost 8am and now my schedule is completely out the window. i'm not even hypomanic, i don't have any energy. i've been laying here watching youtube, eating left over pizza, just kind of doing nothing. i'm so pissed. the worst part is, there's a cycle! an actual, honest to god cycle. not just a bipolar cycle where triggers set things off. no no no. this is a biological cycle. you see, i have pcos. and every time i've gotten my period since i was 9 years old, it's made me depressed, moody, bitchy, argumentative, etc. a lot of the time, i start to think this is all from my hormones and i don't even have bipolar. i'd be even more convinced if my lithium didn't work great within 2 days of my first time taking it, and it didn't run rampant in my family. alas, i have the family curse. but seriously, having pcos is a fucking curse, too. i use the app clue to track my cycle and i just checked it tonight to see where i'm at and realized why i was being such a cunt to my fiance all weekend and never wanted to leave the apartment. why i keep falling asleep later and later in the morning everyday and can't get out of bed until the late afternoon. i'm fucking 25 years old! this is so stupid. i haven't been able to have a job in years because of this and i've never gotten any kind of relief from any doctor. those fake sun lamps don't help. melatonin doesn't do shit. sleeping pills make me hallucinate. i've been checked for any type of vitamin deficiencies. i try to fix my schedule at least once a month, where i won't sleep for like 30 hours. it's ridiculous, it's the same shit all year every year. i'm so sorry if this isn't really a bipolar post, i think it is because i feel like my cycle effects my bipolar so much that this happens every month. but i could be wrong, maybe it's just all the hormones and my bipolar is completely fine. i wish i had an answer. i wish i could find a solution.
definitely depression, but could there be something else too? thanks in advance! i'm in my early 20's, currently a full time student, currently seeing a counselor at my university for the depression i had from october early february. some background had an emotionally and sometimes physically abusive father growing up had cycles of depression as a teen but nothing as bad as this past fall, never before gotten treatment for it. used to have anger issues that i've been working on and have mostly gotten better. i used to be and still have worries in the back of my mind about some new super bug plague wiping out humanity, apocalyptic scenarios before dystopian books were a thing or at least before it was on my radar , generally was and am irritable at times can't stand foot leg bouncers tappers and gum smacking as a result i feel pretty trapped in lecture halls . something that also seems to stand out to me is that a year or two ago i got uncontrollably angry literally shaking mad at my roommate for no reason and had to go on a really long walk. currently during my depressed period i had foggy cotton ball brain, couldn't concentrate, trouble sleeping and staying asleep, the irritability, suicidal thoughts all the time, racing thoughts. early last week i kinda started feeling better, one day everything looked more vivid. that sounds weird, but color had a touch more color, bright things were more bright. the next day i was so elated and have been ecstatic each morning. waking up has been easy for the first time in a long time. i'm not riddled with self doubt or constantly wondering if i'm annoying people by talking to them. i'm actually excited for my future. i got cheap new clothes that fit so i don't have to wear my sweatpants every day any more. today i woke up early, did a bunch of errands, got more clothes, ran for the first time since september, did my usual short workout routine twice, and even went to an event at my university. it's nice to finally be happy, but it feels wrong to be this happy so suddenly after having suicidal thoughts all day every day. i meant to talk to my counselor about all this this morning but she was out sick so instead i am asking for any personal experience or thoughts on this to see if i might be way off base or not here.
everything is just the worst, and i can't even give up. i'm about to have a breakdown and don't know what to do i'm so irresponsible and kept wasting so much money, now i'm at risk of losing my job because i know i'm going to fail a drug test. but i don't even know whether theres going to be a test or not. i can't lose this job, i am so fucking close to a promotion, i have so much growth potential. it's perfect for my life right now and i can't afford anything else. my dominant hand is fucked up from work so i can barely use it. my bipolar is i don't even know what's going on. i have to spend the next 3 days traveling for my grandfather's funeral. i've been relying on weed to help and now i can't use that. my family is dealing with my grandpas death so i can't go to them for support. my best friend is dealing with his own mental health. my boyfriend is in a rough spot himself. i don't have anyone to turn to and i have no idea how i'm going to make it these even next few days, let alone weeks. all i want to do is die and give the fuck up. but how can i do that to my family? my roommate can't afford rent on her own. my boyfriend will be so sad. my friends will be broken. i'm just in a continuous cycle of fucked up shit. it's not worth the good times anymore. like they're great and all, and i use to be able to use that as motivation to go on but now i just don't care. i'm freaking out and crying in bed right now, but come tomorrow morning i have to hold it together and pretend everything is okay, go to a funeral without breaking down. i'm struggling with fucking spellcheck right now how the fuck am i supposed to deal with a funeral. i'm going to fucking breakdown and everyone is going to have to deal with that. but we'll be across the country and it's my fucking grandfather's fucking funeral what shit timing. everything is so bad and i want to die i dont even know where i'm going with any of this but i need help. my plan was just to get high during the trip but now i cant do that. i have to go back to work saturday but i also think i need to go inpatient. but how will my roommate afford rent? how will anything fucking work for everyone else. i should just die and they'll deal with that but then it will be over. no future problems. what the fuck do i do
i'm on klonopin but it doesn't seem to be very effective anymore... the background which can be skipped if you'd like i've been on benzos for about 16 years. at one point when i was 20 21 i was put on on xanax 6mg day which is obscene. i think this increased my tolerance. at the time, i was also very depressed maybe exasperated by the xanax and drinking a liter of vodka a day. needless to say, after a bit of homelessness and finally moving to a different state, i was slowly tapered down on valium. i was relatively stable in that and then was forced to move again to another state where they refused to prescribe any benzos or any adequate medications for my bipolar disorder. i ended up staying in the house for about nine months because i was too anxious to leave. i would go to my psych appointments with no progress on getting them to put me on something that worked for the intense depression i was in. i was seeing a psychiatrist at the time who i really connected with and miss him but have never found another one who i don't feel is judging my life. i quit drinking cold turkey 5 years ago and have never had any more problems with that. however, i was then forced to move to yet another state where i couldn't find any psychiatric treatment whatsoever as was unmediated and in a mixed episode for over a year. i did finally get into psychiatric treatment by going inpatient and was put back on klonopin 3mg day which i'm told is a high dose. then my psychiatrist suddenly died and his clinic closed. two months later, i got an appointment with my wonderful new psychiatrist and was back on track. unfortunately, the klonopin doesn't seem to have much effect on me. i've taken 10mg at once with absolutely no effect i'm aware this is dangerous as fuck but apparently not for me . to the current situation i am looking for a change. my anxiety level is very high but vaping with nicotine i have never been an actual cigarette smoker seems to help quite a bit but not entirely. with the klonopin not doing its job, i feel like a different benzo might be a potential answer. i don't want to be back on xanax and valium didn't do much either. has anyone been in a similar situation with tolerance and successfully switched to a more effective benzo? if so, any suggestions?
on moods and mania i have been thinking a lot about this today and i just want to share some thoughts with you guys. it has been 18 years since i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. that i live with this is no surprise to anybody who knows me. this disease is so much more nuanced than the typical extreme ups and downs description it usually receives. i have survived two absolutely devastating depressions, and approximately twenty manic episodes. attempting to describe what mania is like is the worst frustration. it happens gradually and then comes upon me like a brick to the face. first i stop sleeping, then the creativity comes. the blank page beckons to me the way freshly baked bread might entice the starving. it is soft at first, subtle even, but the persistent pen to page prevails and soon i am unable to make sense of, or even put into context, the hasty and paranoid puzzle of words. grandiosity accompanies the writing, then the delusions come, and i believe that this puzzle of words is worthy of a pulitzer. other things happen too reckless driving, substance use, rage, impulsivity, irrationality.... ultimately i surrender to complete psychosis. saying it is a lot is an understatement. i have destroyed and lost relationships with family members and friends because of this illness. i have said and done unforgivable things. but it is my deepest wish that people understand that becoming manic is not a choice, it has happened to me whilst on medication and off alike. i would never choose it. i'm simply reflecting on all of this today because earlier i read this bipolar disorder results in 9.2 years reduction in expected life span, and as many as one in five patients with bipolar disorder completes suicide. national institute of mental health . that's the reality. it's my reality. i do not want to ever become a statistic and i want to live as full a life as possible. here is what i'm grateful for i have an incredible support network. i have doctors and therapy. i have the most loving and supportive family and friends, ones who are able to look beyond my illness and recognize that i am not me in those manic moments. and i am grateful for the ability to empathize with all those who struggle. we can do together what we could never do alone.
are things going to get any better? so... i usually don't post anything on reddit, but here we go. about eight months ago, i was diagnosed with bp2. i've struggled with mental health issues all my life anxiety, depression and developed ptsd at a pretty young age. after a few years of fluctuating emotions i went to see a psychologist, and i got my diagnosis. i was also diagnosed with asperger's syndrome back in 2019. i've been on a mood stabilizer lamictal since i was diagnosed, and it's made things easier for me, but exam season last year of high school is coming up and i lowkey feel like i'm losing my mind. i'm experiencing mixed moods every other week, i can't really sleep anymore, and every day i'm torn between ignoring everyone around me, freaking out, or acting friendly, because i know i shouldn't take my own mental illness out on anyone. i'm either tired, stressed, occasionally productive, or filled with a kind of self loathing and sadness that i can't even begin to describe. i'm worried i'll be thrown straight into a depressive episode soon, because stress is my biggest trigger. very few people two of my friends and my immediate family know that i'm bipolar, and i don't even want to tell them about how i feel right now. i think a lot of people on here can relate to that crushing feeling that you're a burden to your loved ones, even when they tell you you're not. i considered the possibility that things might get better if i told someone, but i just don't have the energy, and i don't want to let people in because i'm ashamed that i'm losing control. explaining how i feel to someone is difficult asperger's, yay and there aren't many people i trust with my emotions. the people i trust are the ones i don't want to burden. i wanted to ask, does it get any easier? not to board the self pity train or anything, but i'm not even 20, and thinking about the future terrifies me. i don't want to fall apart and fake that i'm okay every time a problem arises. i don't want to isolate myself because i'm scared of affecting people. i don't want to experience all these episodes over and over again. i just... don't know what to do right now. also, if anyone has any advice on how to keep going and staying productive, i'd really appreciate it. lt 3
psychosis possible self harm hi this is my first post to this subreddit, and to reddit in general! i am a long time lurker. i am sorry if it's long i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in late august after a manic, then psychotic, break that ended with 5 days in the psych ward. i did some severely out of character and even violent things while in the ward. i have trouble looking back and thinking what i could have done differently my husband and sponsor took me to the emergency room, and i said out of my mind i think that's part of it to the question does this have to do with harm to yourself or others. then, everything escalated the security guards grabbed me and moved me to a holding room. i nearly passed out from the anxiety spike. my brain was making me talk to everyone and learn their names, i think, as a coping mechanism. eventually, after a long time in a room with scary doctor people to my scared mind coming in and out, i was driven, handcuffed, by police to the psych place. i am told by my therapist and friends that i am very smart and that that made things a little worse for me. my brain had so many false narratives going, and not only was i manic but i was in such fight or flight, i ended up in seclusion rooms twice. this, as you can imagine, made everything tons worse. i felt so isolated. i feel traumatized, still. i went back to work right after. my sponsor stopped talking to me completely, and i don't have a large support group, even though i have been feeling a little more connected to people day to day. i want to go back and change everything i want to believe that the right thing happened but, being completely ignorant to what i could do, i said things that led to the worst situation for me. the ward experience seemed to make everything a lot worse the delusions, the mania, the disconnectedness, the alienation, overmedicating, etc. i am now pretty stable and on a mood stabilizer, hydroxyzine, and a sleep med. how do you all cope with decisions that you or your loved ones made for you that you wish went differently? how do you deal with the trauma of hospitalization? i know everyone has different, even positive, experiences. mine was not that. it's hard not to let it eat at me and get angry. thanks for listening.
i'm depressed friend of mine, who i valued a lot, just cut all ties with me. told me that i m too needy and emotional. they re not wrong. i m bipolar and i had a really fucked up childhood which caused a lot of abandonment issues, something i m in therapy for now. it does make me very emotional at times, and i do tend to be super clingy during depressive episodes. lately i ve been rapid cycling, which causes me to have more of them. they knew all this, and i was hoping they would understand. but, they told me that they don t want anything to do with me, and never want to see me or talk to me again. feels weird. just this monday, my therapist told me that my fear of abandonment is just that, a fear, and i need to overcome it. told me that i need to open new pathways in my brain and know that people won t leave me. this doesn t help with that at all. i started a new job this week, and it s mind numbingly boring and insanely hard. i m only on week one and i already hate it. i m dreading going to work today. but i need this job. it pays well, and i have a decent amount of debt that i need to pay back. because of my childhood, i don t feel like i can ever trust my parents. i m not close to any of my family. after having so many friends walk out on me over the years, i feel like i can t trust the friends who did stick with me. i feel like things just need to get a bit harder and they ll leave too. i have had dreams about doing something in the entertainment field. but lately i don t feel any drive or motivation to chase after that. i don t see the point in it. i wanted fame and money because i thought i could give the people i love awesome things with it. but i don t really love anyone anymore. i m always paranoid and worried that everyone will leave me. i just feel so alone all the time. i feel like no one really understands me. i feel like i can t connect. even with my therapist, i can t really tell her how i feel. because sometimes my thoughts are really fucked up and when i tell people, they freak out on me. medication doesn t help. i just hate waking up in the morning now. the only times i ever feel ok is when i drink or take something. i just really hate life right now. i wish there was a permanent way to just numb everything.
bipolar and different perspectives? hi everyone. i ve been a lurker for a long time. i ve tried to read through the subreddit and the internet to find other stories that relate to me, but i can t seem to find it. so here it goes! background i m a 20 year old male college student diagnosed with mdd in feb 2017, which transformed to a bipolar2 diagnosis in nov 2017. i ve been on lithium and wellbutrin, adjusting dosages according to my psychiatrist. however things got rough ever since october since my insurance ran out so i haven t been taking a steady dose of lithium since dw my insurance is now reinstated and i can t wait to be stable wooo! sorry had to get that aside. so sometimes when i notice myself being either depressed, hypomania, or in a mixed state, i can t help but doubt my perspective on life. sometimes my views on religion, family, self worth, body positivity, and other thoughts change so frequently that i can t tell if it s my bipolar influencing my thoughts or if i m experiencing life changes. i ve been doubting and question my religion islam btw , sometimes feeling so distant. and then all of a sudden, i ll enjoy praying and i feel so connected to god. imagine a twist on a perspective like this but also to weed, alcohol, body image, etc. that s been happening quite a bit. a question for you all have you guys ever questioned your perspective on life and doubt it being an effect of bipolar? sometimes i don t know if this is who i am now, or if it ll change in a few days weeks. it really makes it hard for me to be grounded in my beliefs and have a steady outlook on life. i always think my values on life are changing because i m growing as an individual, but what if it s bipolar? i would really appreciate it if i could hear any similar stories, updates, or comments where anyone could relate to this feeling. sometimes i feel so lost because i m sick of analyzing my thoughts and feelings 24 7 and comparing it to my previous feelings x days or weeks ago , and finally trying to see where and who i am today. tl dr bipolar 2, 20 year old college guy trying to figure out if these different perspectives on life i m having are due to bipolar or are natural? how do you distinguish what s grounded and what s bound to change?
prescribed lamictal, but i haven't been diagnosed as bipolar. i'm wondering if this is normal. i have done extensive research and i am 100 sure i don't have any of the various types of bipolar disorder. i have never had a manic episode, and most of the symptoms i've read about have not occurred to me. i would really appreciate some advice or anecdotes regarding those who were put on lamictal but do not have a bipolar diagnosis. i have been on various depression medications over the course of 15 years, and till trying to find medications that work for me. i have generalized anxiety disorder including panic disorder , depression, and ptsd. every day, i experience depression for most of the day, and lately, my baseline of anxiety is high all the time, and at times has spiked so high that i have had mood swings which is very uncommon for me . but the thing is, my mood swings from being depressed to being angry, irritated or just so unhappy and overwhelmed that i cry. not happy or excitable. the medications i'm on are gabapentin prescribed for a chronic pain disorder, not depression , wellbutrin amp buspar i am convinced the buspar is not doing enough for my anxiety, but this week my doc increased my dose to 3 times a day to give it one last shot . then he said he wanted to add lamictal into my daily routine because it would help with my mood swings. he didn't really explain much more than that. i told him i didn't feel like the mood swings were my problem because they are being caused by my anxiety, which is not being controlled. does this story sound familiar to anyone? should i lose my skepticism and just give lamictal a shot? does my doctor think i have bipolar depression and isn't telling me? this post is in no way meant to avoid a true diagnosis from my doctor. side note i fully respect and empathize with those that have bipolar disorder, especially due to my exposure to the podcast jen gotch is okay...sometimes i am a big fan of her creative endeavors through ban.do and other projects, so i gave it a listen, and highly recommend . she is trying to erase the stigma of bipolar, and explains her bipolar disorder to reach out to those who either don't understand the disorder or to those who are experiencing something similar.
could i actually be bipolar? i've been diagnosed with ocd at 14 adhd 19 social anxiety 19 and depression 14ish , though i had struggled with all of these since i was a kid, but got worse at puberty. i was on luvox from when i was 14 til 18 i'm 20 now , just for ocd, and it had a moderate effect on that, sort of helped with my mood but barely touched my social anxiety, but i was stable ish . anyways, a year ago i went back after stopping the luvox because my symptoms all came back really bad with ocd and my depression, and the doc pointed out the other issues too. and i was given a zoloft prescription, but i didn't take it for several months until everything became unbearable. i ended up stopping it after a week though, because i think i became a little manic almost when i took it, i had barely any sleep, full of energy, i was talking really fast which is an achievement when i already talk fast , i felt amazing, though my head felt like it was about to explode, and then i started to worry that i was going to bite my tongue off that was ocd , and then i became like scarily numb, and i stopped taking it because i was freaking out. point is, the past year, my ocd is much better and i have been in therapy for it, but my depression has just gotten worse, i had an episode at uni and then i dropped out, and i got better when i started fixing my social anxiety and met a guy, then after i broke up with a guy, my depression came back worse than ever, and when i was on luvox, i got depressed, but these days i have a lot more suicidal thoughts and urges to hurt myself, which are becoming more and more frequent, so i'm going to ask for some antidepressants when i get my adhd prescription refilled she has said several times she wants to prescribe lexapro but i refused . anyway, i was remembering what happened when i started the zoloft, and i had read that when people with diagnosed bipolar take antidepressants it can trigger an episode. my question is, is it possible that i do have bipolar and i've just mainly been depressed, or can meds trigger that even if you aren't bipolar? i'm just a little worried i don't want to fuck up my life any further than i have, and i just needed to ramble a bit. sorry it's so long and confusing to read
paxil withdrawal induced hypomania rapid cycle i f ed up my life in just 2 weeks. my brief history fall 2014 was prescribed paxil 20mg day for mild depression, anxiety and hypochondria. tapered from 20mg to 10mg in 6 month. i was on 10mg since june 2015 till august 2017. so 2 years, 10mg daily. i always took medicine before go sleep. i tapered from 10mg day to 2.5mg day in 5 7 months august 2017 march 2018 i stopped to take medication 2 weeks ago 20 of march . until this point i was totally fine. now detailed description of last 2 weeks first 5 days were totally fine on day 6 30 march first withdrawals symptoms kicked in shivering, cold, severe insomnia on day 12 1 april withdrawals was unbearable, experience first manic depressive episode. decided to reinstate on 5mg and later 10mg day. i took my first half pill midday. day 13 2 april 5mg morning, 5mg evening day 14 3 april 5mg morning, 0mg evening day 15 4 april 5mg morning, 5mg evening day 16 today, 5 april 5 mg morning the symptoms i have now are rather painful and hardly bearable. most prominent are rapid cycling from depressive episodes moredate agitation and anxiety to hypomanic episodes and severe insomnia. cycles changing every few hours and quite intensive! i never had this before, never!! now i'm totally off, confused, suicidal, haven't slept cople nights. i'm in hypomanic episode right now so i can write this post. i took sick leave at my work, but if this will continue i will lose my job completely. i beg you for advice on how i can stabilize now, based on what i've already done. i'm not even looking to weaning off meds now, as there are a lot of life circumstances now that i responsible for. i just want to stabilize and reduce pain. what i can do at this point? it's do hard to believe i broke my brain beyond repair so rapidly, just in 2 weeks. i was normal, happy and fully of life. now i'm anxious, agitated and depress vegetable, lying on the coach wanting to die suicide. any advice highly appreciated. p.s. yes, i visited my gp, he put me on a waiting list to mental illness clinic waiting time 4 weeks and advised to continue paroxetine 10mg day for 2 weeks and then increase to 20mg day if needed. but i'm scared to follow this advice
lamictal and memory loss hey everyone! i'm 17 here, going on 18. i first started taking lamictal in early 2016 to treat my depression, but only started taking it consistently a few months ago. i used to just take whenever i'd wake up, which could range from anywhere from the early morning to late in the day, but the only noticeable effect that it produced was that if i missed a dose, my body would physically crave it. a few months ago, i began taking it at a regimented time everyday, as to give it the opportunity to properly regulate in my system. about a month into doing that, i started to feel different. i've always been one of the sharper kids, praised for my vocabulary and my writing ability which may not come off in this post, but i'm really just looking for help here . it's all that i really had to pride myself on at a young age and it carried over into just being a part of my identity but over the past two months, i've just felt like i've been losing myself. i struggle to keep up in conversation, my word find seems to come and go, and i just feel slow. i know that i'm functioning at a technically normal level, but i feel like a piece of me is missing. i've also been having terrible mood swings, going from happy, to sad, to complacent, to ragingly angry within about twenty minutes. i know that i'm functioning at a technically normal level, but i feel like a piece of me is missing. my biggest concern, though, is that i'm experiencing brain damage, as i've banged my head up a little bit. this started getting really bad around the same time i started better regulating my dosage and i'm not discounting that as a possibility, making it hard for me to figure out if it's my medication or if i just destroyed myself for the rest of my life. at the same daily dosage for nearly two years, i've never experienced anything like this, so my question would be this was my irregular dosing the reason that i wasn't experiencing these things earlier and will these effects go away after i wean myself off? edit i've had a significantly worse sense of humor over the past month. i know that this sort of thing is common, but can lamictal actually make you more serious? i can't seem to find anything on the subject.
horrible day.. quit my job on the first day. hey how s it going? some stuff happened today and i really need an outlet right now or someone to talk to without judgement... my situation is as follows, i m a guy 18 years old have been struggling with bipolar for years where the hospital seems to be my second home.. recently out of an abusive relationship where i impulsively chose to pick up and leave my home, my family and my everything all of a sudden to move in with my ex 1000 kilometres away with her parents... that s the extent of how my mania gets along with episodes of psychosis. recently i ve been looking for work and i found what i thought would be a great job at a health food store, i aced the interview and trial then came the first day... i went in full of smiles and just my best to be positive as i ve been in a big low lately then all of a sudden i get there and i m handed the most ridiculous jobs and well all they would do is put me down and make me feel like i m absolute f ckin trash. now i don t know if it s because of my arm which they all saw covered in scars or if it was because i chose to not go to college year 11 and 12 when they re all university graduates or students.. i don t know but they were horrible and i was pretty much in tears for my whole lunch break.. i m a fragile bloke when i m going threw a low is all i can say.. anyways i got home having a huge anxiety attack so stressed i could feel my impulsiveness and psychotic symptoms coming out.. so i sat down, chain smoked till i couldn t breathe and sent my boss an email full of excuses trying to make myself sound normal about quitting after 1 day.. i had to quit i really did if i had thrown myself into that job it would of sent me right back to my lowest low.. the thing is while i got the job i was experiencing a manic episode where i talked myself up beyond imagninable and asked for 40 hours a week knowing i couldn t handle it but that s just the kind of stuff i do... so that s my little rant of today s horrible events if you were able to actually read it all then well thank you and send me a message if you wanna chat.. i feel extremely guilty right now but any support i can get would really help.. thanks
young bipolar woman hoping for future hello everyone first, i'm french, so sorry if my english is not perfect perfect. i'm 24 years old, living in paris and apparently bipolar type 1 with intense psychotic features. my life was almost totally hell for several years, after my diagnosis. the doctors didn't correctly adjust my medication, and i already have undergo more than 2 very big crisis. since we have discovered that i needed neuroleptic, my life has changed for the best. despite my age, i'm still in an undergraduate program at university. in fact, my disease has caused many issues during my school and university years. i would love to become a documentarian somebody who work in the field of documentation, information... . i want to have my first job, in the public domain, in less than two or three years. i have a boyfriend since 5 years, and i would love to build a life with him. he's already working since several years, so i'm eager to work, so we can advance . i would like to have a family, one or two children, and a house, in a place that we would love. but i have to be realistic. since my diagnosis, i had more than 2 very big crisis, and many littles ones. i have decided since two years to perfectly take my traitement. so my life is better now. but in 2022, i had a hypomaniac and next mixte episode, which cause many problems in my study program. i'm in the obligation to do one year in two years, because i have too much delay. to be precise, my doctor and i had change zyprexa to abilify. the abilify was at 15mg, the lithium that i take too was too low....so there was a crisis. now, i'm hoping that the augmentation of lithium and abilify will be relevant and protective for the years to come. moreover, i decided to establish a more protective routine. i began yoga, stopped alcool... but i really need to be stable in the years to come in order to succeed in my academics, and in my life in general. do you think it is possible ? are my dreams impossible ? do you think my stabilization in the long run is possible ? i precise that recently, a doctor said me that with this treatment, it wasn't impossible to be stabilized for me, but i don't know if i can believe him.
cognitive behavioral function dysfunction vs. mood disorder i have never felt that my bipolar is a mood disorder . my upbringing and career have made me into someone who is not very in touch with my emotions and moods... i have always been turned off by my pdoc s suggestion to keep a mood journal . i ve always seen my moods or moments of happiness sadness etc as situational. it is difficult for me to look back at periods of my life and discern any mood swings in the context of bipolar. recently, my therapist a new therapist for me posed a question are you feeling x or y? ... those are common in mood disorders... my response was to reject the term mood disorder as a descriptor for my bipolar. i said that my experience of bipolar is one of different phases of cognitive behavioral function or dysfunction. depression isn t depressed mood but a decrease in the quality of my functioning but i can still function if i push myself . baseline is functioning. the hypomania spectrum is higher functioning i ve developed a way to focus hypomania on school work so i don t spin out . mania is complete inability to function within the confines of societal norms . and while mania includes a euphoria feedback loop, i see it more than a sub symptom of delusions a mood that is solely born out of the far between, brief psychotic states rather than an everyday experience of the majority of my life with bipolar. and i understand depression and hypomania encompass behaviors and functional levels that are not necessarily strictly associated with moods emotions, but when it comes to actual moods and emotions, i feel like that is something outside of my bipolar experience. i can stay in bed until noon but still have a great day or whether i have a good bad day is dependent on whatever people stimuli i come across . i can be hypomanic over a work project but then go home at night and get sad due to loneliness. all kinds of combinations of emotionally neutral activity with situationally based emotion on any given day. anybody else experience bipolar this way? accepting the bipolar diagnosis but don t see it as a mood disorder or don t identify your experience as a mood disorder ?
anyone else have trouble consistently taking their meds? just last year, while in jail actually, after coming down from a manic episode and then spiraling further into the latter, i was finally confronted again with my type 1 bipolar diagnosis. i was lit back on my meds, depakote er, trazadone, gabapentin and prasosin and stayed on them until being transferred to a rehab facility as a result of trauma, undiagnosed misdiagnosed bipolar i developed a really shitty and extreme addiction issues where they were hostilic and took me off my meds. one manic episode in and they made a exception for that rule quickly....lol. after that, and making a timeline of my relapses, and it being made clear as day that taking my meds, for me, is a matter of life and death because of my addiction, i stayed on them, and stable for a few months. i had a slip where i stopped taking my meds, went manic after a week, relapsed, but was able to catch myself before everything went to shit...but again a few months later the same thing happened, i wasn't so lucky, and have been stuck in another relapse for a few months and self medicating. i now find myself very aware i need my meds. j talked to my therapist today who essentially told me that i need to accept my diagnosis, and that i need to take my meds if i want to succeed, based on all the past times i've tried anything otherwise. i've had intentions of calling my psych doctor, i plan to, but i'll pick up the phone and put it down. or procrastinate it. when manic i'll say that it will keep me from fulfilling my purpose or take away my ability to feel fully and see the future . i know i need to. i plan on calling first thing tomorrow for the first possible appointment. i want to get better. but i won't stop fucking myself over. does anyone else have this issue? or can relate? i'm just now starting to realize i'm not crazy, or alone, and it's in fact my bipolar that's effecting my life like this. and i would appreciate anyone who has similar issue's input on this. this is my first post here.. sorry for the wall of text and i hope it meets all the community guidelines. thank you for reading if you've gotten this far.
there's no amount of meds i can take that will properly medicate my overwhelming generalized anxiety without screwing everything else up it just feels cosmically unfair that the fact that i need to take multiple mood stabilizers seems to mean the balance is such that it's impossible for ssris to lessen very much of my anxiety. i've been seeing my pdoc for years and she's great and i trust her, and we spent two years figuring out the formula for my comorbid cocktail. before i was diagnosed bipolar obvs life was miserable, but i was able to take a higher dosage of the ssri i still take lexapro and maybe i'm remembering with rose colored shades, but i feel like back then, while my life may have been spiraling out of control, the anxiety wasn't quite so paralyzing. we've tried multiple times to increase the lexapro, but every time i become catatonically emotionless within the week, so i know at least for lexapro that's not a viable option. my pdoc seems to think that the anxiety is more situational than chemical, but i can't help but feel this isn't a normal or completely unmedicateable level of crippling anxiety to feel constantly. at the same time this isn't an ideal point in my life to go gambling with switching up my meds again. is it really just impossible for some of us to find chemical relief from anxiety in a way that won't throw off the balance of the mood stabilizers? i know i should pursue dbt or cbt but makes that really difficult right now when i already pay my pdoc out of pocket and am broke as a joke. is it pessimistic or deluded to think there's no way something other than medication could treat my anxiety the way meds did in the past? i know therapy could help with depression and such, but what of the every second of everyday anxiety that is definitely not entirely situational and has not improved with changing situational circumstances? if the anxiety was caused by something specific i might be more optimistic about cbt dbt, but it's just... generalized. it doesn't go away. i feel my options are a. try another drug and start over so to speak, or b. accept that this is my lot in life as a bipolar person.
symptoms for bipolar disorder? hello all, i'm 18 years old and i'm new to reddit. when i was ten years old, i began to have depression. it wasn't severe, but i would often isolate myself from others and think about dying. over time, my depression has gotten worse. however, at age 12 i began to have severe mood swings. sometimes i would get very angry at everybody and everything around me for no reason. sometimes it would last for a few days, and then i would go back to feeling stable or depressed. at age 15, i began to have three distinct and intense emotions that have taken over my life until this point. i rarely felt stable at that point. this feeling can occur for a week or less, i feel veryyyyyyy euphoric. i actually love life and everything around me. i feel very energetic and hyper like a five year old. i'm bouncing off the walls, and talk very fast because my thoughts race. sometimes i can't sleep at night because my thoughts would never shut up. however, i have never done anything impulsive. i'm mostly abnormally energetic and euphoric. then, i can switch to a depressive episode. these are always the longest, they can last for 4 6 months. at that moment, i'm extremely suicidal. i've never tried to commit suicide because i'm scared of failing but the craving is always there. i'm also hopeless, think that everybody hates me, and i feel so dead and emotionally tired. i sleep for 8 9 hours and i still feel tired. i can have a good day and still feel extremely miserable even though i know i shouldn't. then, after my depressive episode, i can feel super angry and annoyed at everything and everybody for no reason. i just get super angry and lash out at anybody, and i don't know why. this lasts for a week or less. i have been to 4 therapists and none of them have really helped i can't really afford one right now. my family aren't very supportive, it's taboo to talk about mental illness so they ignore my symptoms or brush them off as hormones since i'm a female. could i be bipolar? is it just hormones? your insight would be nice, i hope to a doctor soon to get a proper diagnosis but your insight will be helpful.
for the ladies out there bipolar and that time of the month? some stats i'm 23, diagnosed with bp 1 with psychotic features, major depressive disorder, severe panic disorder, ptsd amp mild add when i was 21 but have been dealing with bp symptoms since i was around 14 or 15. i'm also extremely sensitive, to almost everything. so, i notice when its that time of the month or whatever i've pretty much always noticed this , my moods get a bit dangerous. i'll be mostly stable the rest of the month but since i'm already a sensitive person when i'm on my period, i feel like my moods go to the extremes, really quick. right now, i keep having random extremely angry thoughts. i don't have anything to be mad about. but i just feel almost uncontrollably angry. its like literally my brain goes to polar opposites and its frustrating. i've been dealing with extreme moods while on my period for a really long time. i'm just not sure if its me or if bipolar has an effect? does anyone know if bp amps up the mood swings or am i just a moody bitch? lol. i currently am not on any medication due to some insurance problems. but i do smoke weed regularly indica only and it helps a lot. more than the pills in my opinion, but i know i need meds, just need to figure out this whole insurance thing. in the past i've been on many medications amp honestly, none of them helped while it was that time of the month. some of them made me worse more depressed triggered mania . i've been told birth control helps, but i don't notice a difference. i asked my doctor and she says its very possible but i just want to know from people who have bp. sorry if this is an inappropriate question, i'm just curious, really. side note being an adult is an inconvenience, can i make a new character and start over? lol. also, i notice i ramble a lot. my thoughts are always like this amp they never really make sense. its even worse when i talk irl amp i'm actually probably the most awkward thing on this planet. it's gotten a bit worse over the years, amp i think my brain kinda has lagged out on me. idk. sorry about that. anyways, hope everyone has a wonderful day!!!
mania like episode, how do i bring this up to my psychiatrist? so i have not been dx'd with bipolar. i do have the following formal diagnoses as of now borderline personality disorder bpd , double depression major depression and dysthymia , generalized anxiety, bulimia, alcohol abuse. i'm trying to figure out how to present this to my psychiatrist. i think i've been in a manic episode for the last 2 3 weeks or so especially. i had started thinking this on saturday and my significant other said he thought i seemed like i was manic for the last few weeks. my psych doc put me on 20 mg of prozac which i initially thought was making me really zombie like but then i went on a tinder spree. i have promiscuous tendencies when drinking but i usually don't actually do anything. i hit on an old boyfriend once, but otherwise have been faithful to my so. in the past month, i have had sex with 3 different guys and had a multi hookup with one that i've basically been texting nonstop. i've been pounding energy drinks and alcohol, and tindering, and wanting to go out and do things and talk to people and dance which is weird for me because i'm introverted. my so confronted me friday night saturday and everything kind of crashed back and i'm having a what the fuck did i do moment. i felt good last week. i actually felt like i had some energy despite still not sleeping any better than usual i have bad insomnia . that never happens, and i want to cry because if it is actually bipolar, i'm not going to get to feel like that again. my psychiatrist thinks my baseline is a depressed mood which i'm now in again . so basically i get to spend the rest of my life depressed and i don't want to have to live like that. how do i bring this up to my doctor? i have been drinking a lot, so i'm worried she is going to dismiss it as a by product of that instead of something else. i've taken mood stabilizers in the past without much improvement in the depression, but the focus was on the depression. i'm assuming my doctor has ruled out bipolar already. is it weird that i would have a full blown manic episode for the first time at 26?
invitation to complete an anonymous online research survey regarding mental health treatment preferences hello, you are invited to complete a survey for a wmu psychology department research project designed to assess treatment preferences among adults seeking treatment for a variety of concerns. we hope to learn if and how preferences for treatment change over time, and if patient s perception of their treatment s match to their preferences is related to the benefit received from treatment. the survey is open to anyone ages 18 or older who is currently engaged in mental health treatment for at least one month and four therapy sessions, and not longer than one year. if you choose to participate, you will be asked to provide some demographic background information, respond to survey items about your preferences for treatment and how they have changed over time, and about your quality of life. the survey may take between 30 40 minutes to complete. your responses to the survey items will be anonymous and kept confidential. clicking the survey link below will take you to a page asking you to read through a consent form explaining the purpose of this research, the content of the survey, the type of questions you will be asked, the amount of time it may take to complete the survey, and the risks and benefits of your participation. at the end of the form you can click agree to consent to the use of the answers you provide and to begin completing the survey. thank you for your time and interest. https wmichcas.qualtrics.com jfe form sv afs6lemgyyg0jjt project title treatment preference, retention, and treatment outcome at a university based outpatient psychology clinic principle investigator scott gaynor, ph.d. student investigator chelsea sage germain if you have any questions prior to or during the study, you may contact chelsea sage germain, m.a. at chelsea.e.sage wmich.edu or 269 387 4497 or dr. scott gaynor at 269 387 4482. you may also contact the chair of human subjects institutional review board at 269 387 8293 or the vice president for research at 269 387 8298 with any concerns that you have.
i feel like i shouldn't be allowed to exist because of how disgusting i am really stupid rant vent incoming i truly believe i am the most horrendous creature on this earth. i wouldn't even call myself human because i'm so monstrous i feel i don't resemble one. it should be considered a crime for me to expose my appearance to other people. no one deserves to look at such a disgusting thing. i don't deserve to be alive. those thoughts are always in the back of my head. sometimes i'll look at myself and feel confused because i don't understand how i could feel like that. i look normal. even pretty sometimes. and other times i'll look at myself and cry and scream and vomit because of how hideous i am. i don't understand why i have to hate myself so much. how can my feelings change so much? how can i be okay with who i am one moment and want to die because of how i look the next? i can't even trust my eyes to know how i look. i don't know if i'm pretty and i don't know if i'm hideous. and i can't ask anyone because i know every answer other than you're disgusting will make me think they're lying to make me feel better. when i see someone look at me, i know they're thinking of me. thinking how can a human look this grotesque. despising me. hating me because my existence forced them to look at me. i don't ever want to go outside because i know i'm being looked at and being watched and being hated. i'm so tired. i've been in therapy since i was 6 because of things like this. 13 years of therapy hasn't helped one bit. in fact, i hate myself even more. because wouldn't constant lessons change my mind a bit if i was actually wrong? so i must be right. i haven't been to a doctor since october but i have made an appointment for next month. i don't know if i can last that long. i've covered up all the mirrors and windows in my house and i've covered the cameras on my phone and computer. there are 3 people i can stand looking at me. i have to leave the house next sunday and the sunday after that. how can i do that when i'll be subjecting everyone around me to look at a monster? i'm so tired of this
experiences with lamictal and hypomania? experiences getting off lamictal? hi! this is my first time posting here. if i may, do any of you have experiences with what i put in my title? here's some not super necessary for answering my questions background i have a diagnosis of bipolar type 2. while for many reasons i still believe this to be accurate, i've been questioning the role that lamictal has played in my illness and diagnosis. while i had had many sort of hypo hypomanic periods before, and had actually been diagnosed before at age 13, my first full blown, classically symptomatic hypomanic episode coincided with starting and then increasing my dose of lamictal. this particular episode was used as a part of my diagnosis. i started lamictal due to a severe upswing in my depression and history of not responding to antidepressants. the hypomania eventually faded back into my more typical depressions and general emotional static. this was then further complicated by the addition of other meds that i did not do well with at all. it's a bit of a tangle, so attempting to determine if there's any sort of clear chain of cause and effect is difficult. i've never had any other side effects, but i've also never really felt any steadier on lamictal. lithium is what eventually became a total godsend for me. all of this is to say that i don't know if lamictal has actually done anything positive for me. yet i've been kept on it ever since and i'm questioning if this is only because i haven't had any side effects to complain about. if this is true, is there really any point to continuing to take it long term? if i don't have to spend the money every month and continue to risk the known short term and unknown long term side effects, i'd rather not. so, has anyone else experienced hypomania that coincided with starting or increasing lamictal? has anyone gone through getting off of it? what is the process of doing that like? i am, of course, not going to change anything without talking to my pdoc. i'd just like to hear from some other people with personal insight. thank you!
feeling down again hi everyone, idk i think this is just ranty but need to move this energy into something else. been feeling so so down especially these last few weeks. we upped my wellbutrin so hopefully that helps. everything just feels so pointless and i m really struggling to find a reason why i should even be here. i thought that school motivated me but now i m just repulsed having to do school work even if it s about something that i used to enjoy reading writing about. do i even want to major in this anymore? do i even want to do this career?? do i even want to do anything? nothing is fun anymore, i can barely find the motivation to play my favorite games. i usually just end up laying in my bed with my phone or watching the same show everyday. what are you supposed to do when nothing sounds appealing to do? work fucking sucks all the time, which makes me sad because i really loved this job. it s taking everything in me to not just go cry in the bathroom after every single customer interaction. and then i feel guilty because they pay me well and provide great benefits so i should be thankful right? idek why it sucks, customers aren t that bad and my coworkers are cool enough. the work itself isn t hard or boring. but i just don t even want to work. but then when i m home i don t want to be there either and i feel like a piece of shit for laying in bed all day. idk, i m not gonna do anything but it s been really hard to want to be here anymore. i don t want to tell my therapist cuz tbh a stay in a psych ward sounds substantially boring and lonely. and i would miss my partner too much. and my cat. i think about stuff i should could do to improve my life and it s an endless cycle thinking of all the great things i should do tomorrow exercising, rearranging my bedroom to be more comfortable, whatever . then i wake up and do none of it. and feel bad all day. sometimes i wish i was manic just so i could feel something other than shitty. but mania sucks too so?? sorry, i ll get off the soap box now i just wanted to scream my sadness into the internet void.
vitamin d and b 12 deficiency sorry about lack of clarity, i m not exactly sure how to phrase this because i m confused myself, and i am on mobile. i sought out treatment after i was having some pretty concerning suicidal thoughts the past year. i reached out the a therapist at my university, and immediately was referred to a psychiatrist under the guise of maybe benefitting from mood stabilizers. before my psychiatry appointment, i researched into mood stabilizers and saw they were used in treating bipolar. read up on bipolar and really identified understood why she would recommend me to the psychiatrist assuming she thought i could have bipolar. met with the psychiatrist, and not to my surprise she said she was sure i was bipolar. however she wanted me to get bloodwork before starting me on lithium to see my levels in various things. she said she was going to diagnose me official with unspecified mood disorder until she saw my results regarding my thyroid. i was pretty bummed hearing this news, she essentially told me i had bipolar disorder but lacked whether it was i or ii, so i still felt lost but like i was on the right track. well, my blood work came back and everything was normal except i had extremely low vitamin d and b 12. my psychiatrist called me and gave me dosage for otc vitamins. i read into the situation wrong and assumed she was just reducing my issues down to deficiencies. i know these two deficiencies do not explain mania. maybe vitamin d explains psychosis, but i don t experience this. i felt like everyone was so sure i was bipolar and led me on to thinking i had a solution, and i think this issue runs deeper than just supplements. i know many mental illnesses have links to vitamin deficiencies, and i guess my confusion comes from whether or not anyone else experienced this along with being bipolar. i have an appointment on thursday, first one since bloodwork, and was wondering if i should mention the bipolar diagnosis if she doesn t. tldr is my doctor reducing her diagnosis to needing vitamin d and b 12? can this and bipolar coincide?
i wasn't...until i was hi everyone, first time poster here about a month ago i was diagnosed bipolar. doc didn't specify what type now i've heard this before but since the meds never worked, it couldn't have been true, right? wrong. new doc insisted i keep changing drugs until i found one, and, i did. bam! smacked in the face with reality. coinciding with some late bills and my husband seeing that i had maxed out a 5k credit card in 2yrs, frankly, it became the week from hell. i've been depressed all my life and i've been on pristiq for years. my earliest memory is sobbing alone on the swing set at 3yrs old bc the puff the magic dragon song just made me so sad. i never made the connection when my grandmother said my uncle's were manic depressive. my mother clearly is too and my mom would argue that my grandmother is a hypocondriact. beyond that, my mother is a person who should have never had kids. i was up for adoption but she changed her mind last min. bad idea my childhood was badly bizarre to say the least. the above matters because i never wanted to be like my mother. selfish. reckless. embarrassing. i made it my life mission to be kind, polite and together , someone dependable. but i now realize that i too am a terrible, horrible person. i've been married 15yrs and he's no saint, but i don't know how my husband has put up with me? sudden remodeling projects i'd do while he was at work. minimalism now! or collect all the things! thinking i can suddenly learn new careers amp then land a job immediately. suggesting i off myself bc i bought too much cereal at the store and that alone is gonna throw us in bankruptcy surely. so here i am. having a bad week at work. wondering if my anger at other people's actions is warranted or if they notice my moods. not trusting anything i think. wondering when the lamictal will start working and wondering, at what point will it become too much? any guidance you can suggest, if you've felt like this, is most appreciated. i don't know who i am or what i'm doing now. i'm embarrassed of my past and current self.
slipping into a classic depression very weird for me. so it's been years like 15 years since i've had a depression that was not a mixed episode. i'd been pretty stable tye past 3 years, but my migraines at least that's what my doctor thinks they wre had them for years have been getting worse. last year i wound up in the er with one so bad that i went from moving under my own steam to get in the door with the worst pain in my life, made running over my foot with a one story tall steel gate feel like kiddy play to needing help into a wheel chair cause i couldn't even stand. i've had 3 rounds of blood work all normal a ct scan and mri normal. now an oximetry test tuesday night. waiting on doctor to interpret the results and an appointment with a neurologist august 9th soonest they had and required taking a personal day off work cause it won't fit well in my work day. they've never actually gone away. even on days i don't record as having one i low key always have pain, just it's at a threshold tolerable enough i can for tye most part ignore it. but most days of the week i've got headache and or the front of my brain feels like it's being prickled with pins and needles not in pain those, thats reserved for my temples and the icepicks behind my eyes it makes my brain mush, and makes me feel physically weak. but every appointment i have because of that they test for a stroke but i come out normal no stroke. and my mind is mush it can't think it's way out of a wet paper bag full of holes, heck it will even struggle for forum words. i just feel so hopeless and empty and broken. like a pathetic, worthless loser and failure at everything,. that i'm not worth shit. and between tye two i'm always exhausted and don't have the energy or will to do things and even when i force myself i feel like i'm shit at it. but i'm also super irritable and pissy and angry alot. so much of the time i could scream and shout but cry and beat myself in the head at the same time. i struggling very hard to use my logic and tools to get out from under all this.
struggling to stay medicated xpost from r bipolar2 i was diagnosed a few years ago bp2 after a long depressive stage and short hypomania. basically i have a hard time staying medicated. i recognize that it helps make the depressive and hypomanic stages more manageable and my life more livable in some ways. however, there are a few things counteracting this 1. i sometimes get this intense urge to cut hurt myself. it's so intense that i can't focus on anything else, and it makes me very irritable and frustrated. all i can think about is ripping my veins open, i want it more than anything. theyve tossed around the idea that it could be harm ocd ,but no therapy erp works on it. no idea if it's that or just another facet of bipolar, but it seems to get more intense and unbearable when i'm slightly affected by but not consumed by depression. this plays into wanting to stop medicating because it gets so intense that i'd almost rather be severely depressed. it's like i can't win. 2. in a sick way, i like feeling extreme emotions. i really can't describe it. i don't enjoy being severely depressed or even hypomanic, and yet i want it. even the depression. 3. i think i deserve it. i'm not sad about deserving it either. rather, i'm angry about it. angry about not feeling extreme emotions and instead feeling dead all the time, even though i'm still experiencing rapid cycling with only sometimes less intensity. just. i'm fucking mad. all the time. i want to flay my veins and feel all the feelings. and yet i'm sick of it all just, can anyone relate? i don't know how to fix this, or if i even want to feel okay anymore. i'm waiting for a new therapist in february and i'm not hopeful that it will help. waiting for psychiatrists appt at the end of january, and i dont even know what to say. i'm fucking sick of trying meds and trying to justify side effects...nausea, rashes, 60 pounds gained, lack of focus, constant exhaustion, poor memory. and i'm irritable because of wanting to flay my veins. commiseration or advice much appreciated.
brief mourning period for 4 months of stability well, it happened again. hubris is indeed my downfall. i tried taking vyvanse again, at a lower dose than the previous dose that made me manic. and i was ok for about a week before the symptoms started showing up. namely, lying about anything and some risky behaviors. luckily, not drinking and drugs, but i did take a hit off of a vape pen, which i know is super bad for my brain no matter how much analog weed i can smoke. i decided on saturday to stop taking it. and sunday i blew up. we were having a disagreement about how to best spend our day on sunday. i wanted to stay very busy, and he wanted to take his time. which is no big deal at all and shouldn't have been what set me off. but it did, and i was in the history of pain. my history of pain is a mindset i get into when manic brain meets remotely challenging parts of my relationship. suddenly, i am the victim of circumstance and have been forever and will be forever he doesn't love me, he's shown how he doesn't love me in every action, and on top of that, i don't deserve love for how terrible i am and the terrible things i've done. and then i'm hitting myself in the head over and over and over, and bashing my skull into anything i can get my hands on. and then it subsides, and i'm crying, and he wants to get away from me, and i don't understand. and then it's quiet, and he's mad and i'm still crying, and it seems like i'll never stop and we'll never be happy again. and then it's quiet, and he's quiet and i'm quiet. and then we're in the car and talking about the news, and all i want is to be held, but that's asking too much too soon. i should've trusted my body sooner there were warning signs that the vyvanse was going to push me over the edge, and i went willingly. and why? because vyvanse would help me achieve my goals, surely, but at the cost of myself and him. everything has a cost, and this cost was too high. sure, he and i are ok now, but there's the threat of so many next times, and eventually, he'll walk.
seeking advice on a close friend who is having her first episodes. i've got a very close family friend who seems to be experiencing her first experiences with bipolar. her mother was diagnosed bipolar. my friend has had what clearly seem to be manic episodes with full on hallucinations as well as very depressive episodes. she believes that her hallucinations are her having a spiritual experience. even when she is depressed, she thinks she is being punished for her behavior. she thinks the truth of the world is being revealed to her. amp x200b we've been talking to her family and they are afraid to take her to the hospital against her will. the problem is that she is convinced that she is right and everyone is conspiring against her to label her as sick and that they just want to give her drugs to kill her. amp x200b what are the other options available to her and her family? are psychiatrists available for in home care or diagnosis? how can she get help when she refuses to believe that she has a problem? i'm scared for her safety because her depression gets extremely severe. she thinks that a mass shooting happed because she went out to a club one night. she thinks her small behaviors put peoples lives at risk. she hasn't admitted to being suicidal but i know that there's a strong link between this condition and suicide attempts and it seems like a bad idea to wait for it to get to that point. amp x200b we tried to wait it out for a while to see if her episodes would let up temporarily enough for her to see that she needs help but she seems to go straight from manic to depressed and back without any break. or, if there is a break it doesn't seem to matter because she thinks everything she's experienced is real and that we can't see the truth. the only time she said she wanted help, she meant help in finding someone who will validate her hallucinations. amp x200b my family and hers aren't sure what to do but she clearly needs help. any suggestions or resources you might have would be greatly appreciated. thanks!
i feel like i'm subtly giving up and i can't stop background i'm bipolar 2. i'm a 42 year old man. in addition to the bipolar, i'm autistic and have been severely abused throughout my life. my wife left me suddenly and with no warning after 15 years of marriage. i'm still in love with her despite her cheating on me twice. i blamed myself, but it doesn't change anything. she also left me with both of our kids, who i love a lot, they're 10 and 15. we've decided to slow date again, and see if we can actually be together, but she's already saying it's hopeless before the first date. yeah, i know, it's a really bad sign, but i have to try for me. now i can't stop sobbing all the time. like hard, hurt sobbing. i'm in therapy and i'm on meds. i'm not actively suicidal, but i am starting to worry that i might be slipping into a suicidal trance. i think about it daily and i keep pushing the kids into my brain to stop it. i don't really have anyone to talk to because of the aforementioned marriage, there's a lot there and a lot of people would tell me don't give her a second chance, including my 15 year old. i feel so fucking stupid for still loving her despite the harm she's caused me. but let's get back on subject. today, when i was signing out of work on slack i typed bye to my boss unconsciously, i've never done that before, it's always been, see you monday, or something else. i held my 3 cats each in turn today and just wept and hugged them. i wandered around the house i work from home after work and just felt melancholic and went into each of the rooms and thought about memories in that room. i don't know what my brain is trying to get me ready for, but i'm scared of myself right now. i can't really talk about it out loud to too many people because if the divorce goes forward i might lose custody of the kids because of it, even though they've both said they want to be with me and she is the one who left. so here i am. i don't know what is happening, i'm scared and i have no where to really turn at the moment.
advice on long term treatment for a bipolar depressed family member? my brother has had bipolar depression since he was a teenager, he's mid 20s now and still living with our retired father. recently, he attempted suicide by jumping off a 15 foot balcony and breaking his feet, leading to hospitalization and inpatient psych . given the background context below, what would you do? he has talked about and threatened suicide hundreds of times this is the third time he's been hospitalized in the last 90 days previously for psychosis and suicidal threats each time, he's released after 3 5 days after he begins to act normal and wants to go home our father is a psychiatrist who desperately wants to help him, and has not been willing to kick him out of the house he has not been willing to consider longer term inpatient psychiatric options i don't know what options are available? and because he always has had my father's home to return to, the hospital is always able to discharge him he has seen at least 20 psychiatrists in the last decade, and taken hundreds of different medications, with zero success he has received a year of ect treatment, with significant memory loss and only temporary depression relief he dropped out of high school due to a combination of social phobia, depression, sensory issues, and rage issues he has never applied for a job he sometimes wishes to move into his own apartment, but that gets derailed by his constant suicidal threats, changing his mind about everything, easily becoming frustrated and overwhelmed, and at least for now, he can't even walk... how do you end a revolving door of 5 day long emergency room and inpatient psychiatric visits? is my father's home being open to him actually hurting his chances of recovery? would being barred from returning home force him to choose between homelessness and long term inpatient care? my father is in his 60s, and beginning to decline mentally, so i see this situation deteriorating long term if someone doesn't do something. what would you do?
anguish for the last three months i've been doing what i can to keep my anger and anxiety down to a minimum. long story short i was asked to help an aquaintence with a project and when i divulged personal stories to them about things that i had guilt or fears about they decided to tell me it was my fault and then rub salt in the would be telling me i was a burden on them. i came home crushed and filled with rage and anger but mostly a feeling of guilt. like i had done something wrong. like maybe there was truth in their words. logically i know there isn't. they never took the time to even listen to me and interrupted me constantly while never giving me a chance to think to respond, claiming that because i had to think i was about to lie and was unsure myself. truth is, i just don't think of certain things that often. i had opened up to these people just to be kicked down, and for the last three months i've been filled with an uneasy rage and panic attacks whenever i think of them which has been daily. i've done everything i know to do to get them out of my head, but it only serves to strengthen the memory. i know that by giving them so much real estate in my head i'm giving them the power over me but i can't control it. i feel so hurt, and now it's starting to cause severe paranoia in my normal life making me laugh or at those i trust. i feel lost, helpless, useless and full of guilt but lost of all i feel like it is all my fault for not being able to cope. i have a history of trauma, bipolar, depression, and autism. i'm terrified of people and i don't know what to do anymore. i've resigned the idea of ever getting a job or of ever having a meaningful relationship. but know i wonder if having a standards life is out of the question as well. i feel like my troubles are so insignificant compared to others and that i'm just whining, but i also know that just because others have it worse it doesn't invalidate my pain but yet still i feel like a waste of breathe. i'm scared. i'm so scared for my future.
i hear people singing and music when i get manic? does anyone else have this happen to them? it's very strange. i remember maybe when i was 7 i would be confused as to if music was actually playing. it doesn't happen too often, but it's peculiar when it does. i became more consciously aware of this when i was maybe 13. i remember being restless because i could hear music, but it was too clear for it to be real. i went outside my bed and didn't hear anything. i was talking to my psychiatrist maybe 2 days ago about it. if you want you can take a quick scroll through my post history, but basically 1. got sexually harassed badly from a supervisor. he told told me sexual things about my body and told me he liked sliding in and coming inside 2. when i reported it, the manager cut my hours to zero. i have to pay for rent and food, not to mention how it felt to muster up the courage to report it, and then right face retaliation. i've never experienced this kind of devastation before. i can't even describe how painful the act of retaliation in itself was. i was aware i might not be believed, but i didn't think i'd get punished. so i told my psychiatrist about it and almost cried. i'm still processing this information, and i'm struggling. i really am. sometimes it's music playing. more often, actual music will be playing, and i hear an actual person singing along with the song, but they aren't. it's the most bizzare thing. i have to stare at their lips, and they won't be moving. but i hear their singing very clearly. has anything like this happened to others before? but, thank god for meds. i've dipped in and out of suicidal fantasy because of it, but overall, it's been ok. i still have panic attacks when my throat closes up and i have to step away to cough it out and or drink water. but again, thank god for meds. i'm not going to ask for a higher dosage yet though. i think i'm stable if not for this happening. anyways, that's such a tangent. so i guess that's a question rant i have for yall.
bipolar disorder and pregnancy? i'm currently 14 weeks pregnant. this was not planned. i was not comfortable with terminating the pregnancy, so here we are. i was previously on 50mg seroquel, and 100mg lamictal, and since finding out i was pregnant, i had to drop the seroquel, but stayed on lamictal and actually bumped up to 200mg because i was not fairing well without the seroquel. i'm in therapy once a week and i see my psychiatric nurse once a month. my ob is okay with me taking lamictal i'd it is helping me, which was a relief as i was scared i was going to fave judgement and have to advocate hard for myself. anyways, where i am at now is that i'm struggling to sleep more than 4 or 5 hours at a time. i'm craving coffee again, i want a pack of cigarettes, my driving habits are slipping into unsafe behaviors, and i'm picking fights and arguments...all which are my known mania symptoms. i'm sure there are more i'm just unaware of, and i've suspected an episode was coming on as soon as my sleep became troublesome, though i wanted to brush that off as 2nd trimester energy boosts, but it's clearly more than that. my therapist gave me a whole packet of stuff to help me calm my senses, and not agitate myself more, which i guess will be helpful, but i'm so, so, so scared. i'm not going to give in to the symptoms if i can help it, i'm definitely not going to pick up smoking again and will actively remove myself from the temptation, but i'm just so worried because this could go so many different ways and i feel more like a fish out of water than i've ever felt in my life. i guess i just needed to vent a little, but also, are there any moms here who have experienced pregnancy with their bipolar disorder? what did you experience while pregnant? what about post partum? is there any advice tips suggestions you could give me? i tried researching on google but it's just freaked me out even more so i thought that asking people who actually have to deal with it would be better and more accurate.
my job has become too much. what do i do next? i work at a coffee house bar. i've been in there for almost five years. i've even been told i'm a crucial part of the team and promoted to assistant manager. i like certain parts of my job restocking, getting everything in order before the end of my shift, making drinks coffee amp booze , flexible hours i work 3 4 days a week . for the longest time i also loved the company culture. they seemed to really care. and i love most of my coworkers, and they've become close friends. but lately it seems like the company doesn't care at all, and besides making me feel undervalued, my day to day experience is also incredibly stressful. management has made this job pretty toxic, and i've been super depressed for months maybe i would've been otherwise, but the focus of most of my depressive thoughts has been my shitty work environment . i'm feeling really ready to leave this job, but i'm also terrified about what to do next. i don't really like dealing with people all day. i've gotten by this long at my job without losing my shit mostly by being the utility player and spending more effort keeping things running smoothly while other coworkers do more of the small talk that i find so emotionally taxing. but, if i can avoid it, i'd rather not go into another customer service job. i've considered so many different careers, and i've gotten pretty enthralled with each idea for a time amp then talked myself out of every one. i've seriously considered nursing, social work, teaching, and making toys theatrical puppets art directing sort of deal. i just don't know what i can do that'll give me the time off i need to function while being fulfilling and not emotionally draining. do you have any advice on selecting jobs careers? i'm just feeling so overwhelmed by the prospect of making these decisions, but i don't feel like i have the luxury to put off these decisions any longer because this job has really gotten to the point of pushing me over the edge.
unsure if i'm bipolar borderline neither... i know no one can make a diagnosis except a doctor, but i was just wondering what others experiences are. i have been on mood stabilizers for about 2 months now. they have really seemed to help me, and i have been practicing meditation dbt mindfulness which goes along with the dbt . i was diagnosed as bipolar in december when i was baker acted in late november because i was contemplating suicide. okay, i've been missing my medications, and i've been contemplating going out and doing drugs and having sex i'm also extremely irritable, and i just want to push people out of my life. i can't stop thinking about these two guys i have a crush on, and i almost want them to stop talking to me by messaging them to delete me from their phones off their messaging apps etc. i've done this kind of stuff all my life well since i was a teenager i'm 25 now ... i'd just randomly push people away mostly guys i'd have a crush on ... it's like i was upset with myself for thinking about them so much, and i figured the only way to make it stop was to push them away, but i'd almost regret it afterwards. when it came to female friends i'd just disappear on them for months at a time. also, i'd have impulse control issues during these phases, but it would only come on randomly like spending money, overeating, sex, drugs, drinking, etc. it's weird because in daily life most people would never guess i have these issues since i'm really nice, and i try to keep these problems to myself and my mom and my therapist. right now though i'm feeling all the urges associated with my manic episodes, and i'm not sure what to do. i started taking my medicine tonight, so i'm hoping it will help. i'm on lamictal and trileptal if anyone is interested... does this sound familiar to anyone else? i know all experiences are different, but i've asked other friends and family members before if they ever have these type of experiences and they just look at me like i'm crazy.
feeling 'normal'... but that scares me a bit. my gp still haven't put me on mood stabilizers. i am only on sertraline till my next appointment. which sent me on a bad, bad manic episode. my first episode which felt as real and dangerous as it could, to the point i have a scar on my face because i'd cut it. that is how serious it was. i didn't spent money nor had sex, i was however extremely paranoic, had too much energy, was hallucinating, my self esteem was sky high... at the time it was good, but now that i am back to myself... i am terrified of it. i hate it. every moment of happiness i am scared that shit is starting again. however, now, i am... fine. i am not depressed. which i was expecting, because i would always crash. i had an horrible depression that lasted 4 years, and it was packed with anxiety and panic attacks... it messed me up. i didn't finish school, nor do i have a job. i am a 23 yo that can't get its life right because of a crippling depression and anxiety. but for the very first time ever since my 13s yes, i had panic attacks this long , i am feeling fine. but this is scary? i am not sure if sertraline is dealing with my depression and is doing a good job at it. but the fear of getting manic again because of sertraline is making my anxiety peak at night. last night i woke up 4 times because i was hearing my dad call me, and then it was my mom, but really they weren't saying things... it was my imagination. but while i feel fine, this fear is so, so bad. i always think am i hallucinating again? . thoughts like in a few days i will either be depressed or manic again makes me extremely worried. and so is my family. they are very supportive, and they felt so powerless last time it scared them to death. every time i say i am so happy today my mom asks me if i had a good night of sleep or if i am feeling like a bit high. same for my sister and my dad. questions like you okay? for real? is turning out to be too common. seriously. this is the worst.
questions about ultra rapid cycling switching mixed states so i've been cycling since beginning of december, before it was switching back and forth around every 5 days with about 12 hours of euthymia between the up gt down switch and none in the down gt up switch , but since some time in early feb it's more like switching every 21 34 hours usually 21 24 but sometimes a cycle gets a bonus half day added to it , and this is with little or no break in between sides. now this is where my question comes in i started on latuda 20 in early feb which seemed to work for like 3 days a week in then stop . then feb 22 i got upped to 40 as well as wellbutrin being doubled from 150 300 o o . now since last week almost exactly 2 weeks after upping the two , the pattern has started doing something extra weird.... now, instead of just going up down up down like it was before, there's a day break between the solid up and down ... and it's not euthymia it's like a funky mixed thing going on where it rapidly switches back and forth between lighter versions of both sides, with each side ranging anywhere from a couple minutes to an hour. then it switches into a 'full state' for a day to continue the cycle usually it goes in order but it doesn't always . so my question is ... i really can't understand exactly what this means ... does this mean it's getting better or worse? i'm trying to figure out if maybe the med changes are in the right direction or if this is actually worsening ... in some ways i'd say better since the number of 'full' cycles is technically slowed a little but for more obvious reasons it may be worse. also, these bouncy days are pretty obnoxious when it comes to doing things like work because i can't actually maintain a flow since it keeps changing on me. has anyone had any sorta situation like this before? do you think this is a path toward better, or is it actually getting worse? i would think a question like that would be obvious but ... it isn't for this o o
am i manic hypomanic? pls help! hi friends. newly diagnosed bipolar 2 homie. long story short, after months of therapy my therapist and psychiatrist came to the conclusion 2mo ago that i have bipolar 2 and that i ve def had manic episodes before. but i didn t know they were happening so like, i don t know if i m having one or not? i don t know what they re like. will i know i m manic when i m manic? i m extremely energetic. i was with some friends i don t see very often today due to long distance and i could not stop fucking talking. like thinking about the day i m so embarrassed. i had a date with my partner friday night 2nd day on adderall and he said i was completely fucking wired and i know i didn t stop talking. also embarrassing. i didn t sleep friday night and it s sunday morning 2am now. i am broke and no job rn so no bad spending habits but definite problem in the past. i did ask my best friend for money for a weird idea and she knows what s going on with me so just said let s talk about it next week when i m hopefully not probably manic . i just feel like i wanna do 5 million projects but all i can do when i m by myself is scroll reddit and like, fucking talk to myself, listen to music, google weird things and make really long weird notes on my notes app for people. i can t actually like clean my house or anything like i feel like i want to. my doc recently put my on 5 mg adderall for adhd too. i m wondering if this is affecting it this weird energy, talkativeness and sleeplessness? it s sunday and i started it thursday. i m just really lost and don t know if i m manic and what to do about it. i m on abilify and prozac and it s helping me have more normal moods but like i said i still don t know what to expect during mania and know it s still going to happen on those meds. also, how often can mania happen generally? is this hypomania? i m just lost and don t know how this stuff works. no one has educated me enough on it. pls help .. i m desperate
feeling depressed and have to leave the house . need some encourgment . im venting hey everyone , ive been a lurker in here for quite a while i really like this community. short background on me i have bipolar type two disorder, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, depression, anxiety, adhd, carpal tunnel syndrome, asthma, hypothyroidism, insomnia, hypertension. i believe undiagnosed ptsd. i am disabled i haven t been able to work in several years my health is just getting worse. i ve been sick i was 19 and i m still only 31, i m stuck in bed and barley able to walk everyday . im in constant pain. not looking for sympathy or anything i just need to vent. i guess it s hard for me to talk about on the internet to complete strangers even though reading on reddit is a great comfort to me. i can t drive anymore. i need help with everything. i have to depend on my family for everything i m lucky that i have them and that i do have least with my mom as a support system. though i don t have anybody to help me right now so i m gonna have to run out and get my medication i have no idea how i m going to do that i m trying to find a ride right now because i m out of my medication. i m feeling so down that i just can t motivate myself to leave. where i live it s freezing cold it s dark and gloomy. i don t have any friends where i live, i have no social life because i m in constant suffering constant pain . everything causes pain. so i know when i leave the house because i have no choice i m going to be in so much more pain. i guess that s one of the main reasons besides being depressed that its so hard for me. i guess i just need to vent thanks for listening. im usually more on depressed spectrum then manic. hang in there i take some comfort in knowing that all of us are true warriors. i hope this makes sense i m a little scatterbrained and very tired i didn t get much sleep last night i never sleep well. and again thank you listening id love to return the favor.
the lithium struggle bus i have fluctu weighted many times in my life, but i was by far the fattest towards the end of 2017. i've been steadily shedding pounds but a couple of weeks ago i started taking lithium again. and while it's helped the mania, as of yesterday i've entered a new world of despair about my body so this past weekend i suddenly put on at least 10 pounds of water weight after binge eating socially and consuming hella sodium i wish i could sue myself . i was also dehydrated because i'd been vomiting from the startup. my body quickly blew up like a balloon, my favorite sweatpants even became tight. i was uncomfortably bloated all over i think the more fat you have, the more water you retain . including my face which felt heavy amp the bags under my eyes were dark as hell. so last night i drank a lot of water, thinking that would fix it. but it only made everything worse. i peed 10,000 times then went to bed. this morning i woke up and was pleasantly surprised with how tiny i looked. however, then i realized that my boobs looked different. they're still heavy, but squishier and hang a little lower. and my stomach is squishier. i can barely feel fingers against my skin now. my face has more wrinkles, my neck chin curve feels loose. i feel like i've aged years overnight. i fluctuated a net amount of at least 20 pounds in 2 short days, quickly up then back down. and now my skin is stretched too big for my body!?? if it is this loose already, i'm terrified to keep losing weight. i know it happened so fast. freshman sophomore year i was so thin and beautiful and taut. im a senior now, so i was already feeling shitty before this happened. feels like i've lost myself. who is this bitch in the mirror with the body of a postpartum mother of quintuplets....???? i've never come close to having a kid, let alone 5. yet here i am. and i don't know if i should try to fill back out a lil or what? or does anyone have experience like this? i'm in despair.
rant but not really,newly diagnosed but then again i m not hello all , i m new here but i feel like i shouldn t be lol yesterday was kind of a mental health day as i was talking to a social worker who was helping me find a new therapist. long story short we got into my previous diagnosis and i told her mild depression , adhd and anxiety. yes these are true but however the one that is relevant to this post that popped up that i didn t know was bipolar. i end up contacting my previous psychiatrist because i did not recall him saying this i swear he didn t and he said yes but it is unspecified. he diagnosed me because of my constant irritability and made a point to say today i may be in remission because i wasn t as snappy as before. i honestly just thought the things he would say would rub me the wrong way. next week he ll do a full evaluation. a few years back another therapist diagnosed me with bipolar disorder i forgot which , but i remember her say something of me being manic. i honestly don t think she s working anymore but i wanted this evaluation at the time because i believed i was bipolar starting around 13 16 years old. i had my reasons for it. fast forward to last year my last psychologist said i was misdiagnosed and it was just adhd add. i had mentioned my sex drive hyper sexuality which i may speak on in another post , my impulsive urges to do things, mood swings that can be intense, etc etc she said it was just a mixture of my depression and adhd. so now here i am, and thinking back to the things i ve done before and do now. these things i am trying to control and make sense of mainly the hyper sexuality i started to wonder if i was just a sex addict because of my habits and started looking into help to stop these things but yet my only problem is when i m in the mood lol. i m at a point in life where i want a second opinion, or i just don t want to believe or say i am even though i have the signs more than i ve even mentioned.
my new psychiatrist doesn't agree with my current diagnosis starting in 2009 age 17 , i had increasingly awful depression, reaching a peak in late 2014 age 22 , when i checked myself into hospital for 5 days outpatient then 7 days inpatient. after this, my meds were switched from paxil and abilify to effexor xr. in early 2017 age 24 , after gradually increasing the effexor, i was bumped to 225mg a day. this sent me into a hypo manic episode for a week until i dropped it back to 150mg. my body couldn't keep up with my mind, i had no filter, and i did things without thinking. this lead to my psych to change my diagnosis from major depressive disorder to bipolar disorder type 2, rapid cycling, as we believed that this wouldn't have happened if i didn't have bipolar, paired with how i had described my depressive episodes as wave like ebbing and growing for years. i added on lithium 300mg 2xday at this time. now i'm in a new state and have a new psych age 25 . i went to her last week for rx refills and because i had the worst short term depression in years. i couldn't work or even get out of bed for 5 days. she says the the effexor lithium combo seems to have helped with some issues anxiety, bulimia, self harm , but isn't doing enough for the depression. she upped my lithium to 300mg 3xday and is seeing me march 13th. her main issue is that i don't have any issues with sleep during my up periods. i sleep normally. when i'm depressed, i sleep a lot more and have trouble getting up in the morning. what my issue is if i don't have bipolar, what are the other possible disorders i could have? what runs similarly to bipolar but isn't? is there such thing as cyclical depression? if i don't have bipolar, what the hell was that episode in early 2017? i asked my new psych something like this when i saw her, but she didn't have an answer for me, just shrugged it off... i'm not asking that you diagnose me, just what is similar to bipolar edit added info
how seriously do i take bp break up in non communicative phase? so a is bp2, rapid cycling, or maybe not. dx is up in the air, but has been treating for that for 10 years. a is also currently treating for ptsd and has a bad case of seasonal affective disorder. one month ago, everything was fine. we were engaged, no issues, planning to leave the state and this bad climate latitude in the spring. then overnight, there was a sudden withdrawal of communication. this usually resolves in a few days. it didn't. a week ago, a told parents that we were moving together we are lgbt, this was a big step. then i had a bad week and needed communication and it wasn't happening. i admit i called and texted more than i should have, but i've been supportive through multiple issues and haven't asked for a lot back. a responds that s he wants to move to another state, on the other side of the country, not where i can readily work, but one state i can't really work in. wants to stay friends. which is not really possible right now, when all of my plans are being yanked out from under me. i don't know how seriously to take this. a claims to lose his her mind here because of the winter every february. this one arrived right on schedule. says is tired of being medicalized, but a doesn't work and is probably disabled because of multiple medical issues, which i have been doing my best to help with. won't leave the house for more than a few hours. a says will think about it for a couple of weeks, rather than ending things right this minute. i don't think s he means it right now. meaning i don t think there s any real intent to stay with me. i'm being intentionally vague because i don't want any possible invasion of his her privacy. but i'm tired, and i admit i'm having invasive thoughts of my own. fellow bp travelers, how do i evaluate how serious this is? should i assume i'm being discarded for no reason at all? what do i do?
do we notice things more than others? why do the smallest things affect us so much. so, let me use an example bc i do not know what to do with myself right now, i've been having a very bad depressive episode this week and today i needed the help of someone very close to me who also happens to be my coworker. i messed up, life has been extra overwhelming lately and it's hard to work, i can't focus and even the smallest of things drain me even if those around me don't see it, it's so hard to do daily tasks im so tired of it all. i messed up, and there was an order i did not place by mistake, i forgot about it, and i even forgot what i had spoken to this particular client about. i was sure he remembered who i was, and i was terrified of looking like a dumbass and him asking for a supervisor bc this is the kind of person he is. so i asked my friend to help me, i was frantic, and i am one to always help anyway i can when there's a mistake on their part or anything goes down, no matter how busy i am with my own things. they did not seem thrilled that i asked for help and didn't even get a confirmation on whether or not they'd help. perhaps i'm making this bigger than it is, but it was hurtful to see how unwilling they were to help me while i was panicking. i rarely ask anything of anybody bc i have learned to be self sufficient, and bc with bipolar i have 0 friends. i'm just sad that i didn't get a smidgen of consideration and just went for it on my own. issue is being resolved now, and after 20 minutes, my coworker has approached me to say, so what do i have to do? meaning when i explained everything earlier, including the solution, they were not even paying attention. i told them i got it now, and they walked away annoyed. is this me just raging for no reason? did i just make this bigger than it really is? or why would their reaction affect me so bad. thank you for reading and sharing your view.
i'm just not sure anymore ive been subscribed to bipolar reddit for a couple of years now but this is the first time i've posted. i realized that i felt different from everyone around 14 or 15 years old and got a full diagnoses at 21. i take 10mg trintellix every day to help stabilize, i have bipolar ii. i'm 24 years old. i use to be so sure of myself and now i just don't know anymore. i thought i was on the right track but when i begin to reflect i realize i feel i lost my way. i have a stable job, i'm in college, i have a girlfriend who lives with me, and i'm sober for the most part no more hard drugs . i just feel so lost to the wind. i feel like i've let control go to life. like i'm a plastic sack blowing around aimlessly. i feel like the things around me control my life more than i do. i know this is gonna just get buried in this sub but i needed to vent. i feel like i do everything the way i'm supposed to do but it just isn't enough. the best thing i've ever done or most perfect isn't good enough. not for me or anyone else. i can't afford therapy plus i live in eastern texas so therapy isn't very extensive in my area. i want to quit but i know i'm way to strong of a human being to do that. i only want to feel like i'm on the right track. i want to feel like i'm doing the right thing. i feel like i am sad but i can't exhibit the emotion. i just feel frustrated, anxious, and blank. i don't know what i want from posting this other than some else to try to understand because everyone else around me seems to not have a grasp on what i feel or i'm going through. i love you all that are going through anything difficult right now. please know that you aren't alone. i suffer just like you. i'd love to talk to you if you'd like to talk. just never give up because you aren't the only one. this sub has taught me i'm not alone. thank you if you've made it this far. i just want to feel connected.
peaks and valleys my dad was recently diagnosed with liver cancer and cirrhosis of the liver. it was pretty sudden. just months prior he appeared to be in solid health. i was living about 4 states away over the past 19 years. when i found out what was going on, i decided to move as close as i could to my parents. i'm only 3 hours away now i would be closer but my company doesn't have operations any closer than where i'm at... changing jobs is not an option for me at the moment . he's experiencing delirium and is in pretty bad shape. my family wife and 2 young beautiful daughters are still back at home until the kids finish school and they're all moving up. we're in the process of listing the house and all that fun stuff too. i've been fortunate enough to be able to stay at my sister and brother in law's home, rent free they wouldn't accept any money. so i cook for them, make sure to buy my own groceries, buy some for them, help out around the house, etc. so, all in all, i'm in about as comfortable a spot that i could ask for under the otherwise shitty circumstances. sorry about the long windedness... but i guess i'm stuck in a bit of an episode. it's understandable under these circumstances, but i don't think i've behaved like this before. this is the second night in a row that i may not go to sleep. it's 4 44 i get up in an hour. other days, i've not be able to get out of bed even when i when i went to sleep early. i've been sometimes sleeping till late in the afternoon, barely mustering the energy to shower, super low energy, depressed, etc... i've definitely experienced all of those symptoms in my time, but not this intertwined. these days seem to be in a completely random order and far too many. anyway, i do know about hypomania, i do take my meds, i do therapy as well intermittently. i'm not in therapy currently. i don't even think i want answers or explanations i just want to bitch.
like what the fuck i can't fucking do anything like a normal person. i got into a huge fight with my parents today because i can't take 4 college classes at once. realistically i can only take 2 because of my stupid high stress levels. my mom was telling me that when she's stressed she walks around her floor once. no mom, you being stressed out teaching sixth grade isn't the fucking same and i've heard plenty of anxiety coping strategies, you aren't going to fucking fix me by telling me to take a walk. and it super doesn't help when you tell me that i have a right to be upset. no fucking shit you do but that doesn't mean that you get to overrride any feelings i have and tell me that i don't really understand my own emotions and that your life is so much harder than mine. everything ends up being about her feelings and how she has a right to feel stuff. no one is trying to take that from her, all i trying to fucking do is express what's wrong with me. when i fucking say that i'm dropping a few classes no matter what their input is, my mom immediately takes that and says obviously you don't care about me or my feelings! no mom that's fucking not what i said, i said i need to reduce my course load because of my fucking mental illness and i said that whatever your opinion on this one fucking thing is won't change the outcome. then she goes on about how i'm so selfish and never think about her and how my plan for life is shit and how i just need to do whatever she tells me to have a real life. fuck you and you trying to explain to me that i'm just getting in my own way and how i just need to commit to something and everything will be okay. you teaching sixth grade doesn't mean you know everything about what i'm going through. i'm so tired of her always thinking she knows exactely how to fix me and that it's so fucking easy to overcome this and just act like normal. stupid fucking rant over.
i'm back here. i keep thinking i'm not bipolar and then going well i can see it. and i wish there was more info on irritable dysphoric hypomania. although i did have tactile hallucinations at some point but i'm nots ure what was going on at that time. i've noticed a pattern for years but idk. didn't think that could be it since itit's supposed to be uncommon at least compared to other disorders and i dont know of any family history, though i've wondered about my bio grandfather. he was abusive, angry, and i guess he did drugs. i think my grandma said he used to be really smart and charming but he was lazy. idk. anyway no one talks to him and he won't help anyway. amp x200b i don't feel like typing out a history right now so maybe i'll edit later but for now theres my post history. amp x200b i sometimes wonder but then chalk it up to stress and insomnia and midterms and some sort of atypical depression mood disorder but nah not bipolar. and now here i am thinking fuc. i was probably right ten years ago. i'd stopped thinking it was a possibility and then found out in 2016 that i had a cyclothymia diagnosis. i think at that time i had never been fully honest about how bad my depression could be because i was scared to tell her. even after several years i guess. but it's not like shes a therapist. anyway i seem to get angrier, less patient, sleep less though my energy isn't necessarily up, spend more money used to be on food and stuff but it wasnt bad until last year and maybe this year sometimes talk more. maybe even lower tolerance for boredom than usual. amp x200b i guess i've been angier lately. i got in a fight with my parents tuesday night and ended up tearing my curtain rod from the wall somehow. i think i probably grabbed the curtain. i also punched the wall a bit but no damage. my friend had to pick me up from my house. i'm back home now but. theres so much context really.
boyfriend 26m diagnosed bipolar when he was 10 but i m wary of his initial diagnosis. he s going to go see someone to get re evaluated as soon as he gets insurance. tw suicide the more i talk to my boyfriend about his past, it seems like he was demonized for having any emotions as a child and his parents were emotionally abusive and neglectful. he acted out in elementary school and attempted suicide and was sent to a psych ward where he was diagnosed. they re not going to see that his parents were trash and used religion to mentally abuse him and shammed him for having normal human emotions responses to their behavior. in the year that i ve known him, he s been severely depressed with racing thoughts. he s like your typical person with severe major depression. he has thoughts of suicide almost constantly. he claims he felt normal when he moved out of his house and he s gotten worse since being back home. can you go an entire year or two without mania with bipolar and only have depression? his description of mania is so hard to understand that i m unsure if that s just his normal mood of being pulled out of the depression or if it s truly mania that he s describing. he said a happy event will trigger it and it might last 1 2 days. he also has anger issues with the depression. i know depression can make you agitated and so can mania. can you have bipolar and not have manic episodes hardly ever? like be depressed for a whole year with no indication of mania or hypomania? i m not certain how to identify mixed episodes but he s always depressed. i know he needs to go to a psychiatrist for an evaluation and treatment, but it s not an option at this exact moment due to financial issues, so i m just trying to learn all that i can for right now. i m trying to get the money to take him as soon as i can. i just want to learn more about this stuff and more about him in the meantime.
my diagnosis is the worst thing to happen to me i was diagnosed a month ago after going in for a tms https en.wikipedia.org wiki transcranial magnetic stimulation consultation for what i thought was my life long clinical depression. the psychiatrist told me i was not a candidate because i was not depressed but had bipolar type 2. i got a second opinion and he also confirmed bipolar type 2. amp x200b ever since i got my diagnosis, i've kinda gone off the deep end. on one side, i got an answer to my problem and a potential solution. but on the other side, i am now unable to see any part of me with any normalcy. everything about me is now seen with discernment and that is causing me to lose my mind, so to speak. i don't want to call it a mental health crisis, but that's what it feels like. amp x200b i'm 27 and have obviously lived with this most of my life, but i always just thought i had depression that i was able to come in and out of depending on my lifestyle choices and i was probably a bit adhd, loud, laughed too much etc... but now when i'm in a good mood, i just think i'm hypomanic. amp x200b the doctor gave me a mood stabilizer that caused extremely vivid hallucinations and i was scared to sleep... i would stay up all night just because i knew i would wake up with crazy hallucinations i saw my girlfriend turn into a wearwolf and bite my neck. crazy things like that... amp x200b so now i'm depressed and it's hard for me to work, i keep having meltdowns and i don't know what to do... i'm fearing that this will ruin my career and even though i'm optimistic that i'll eventually find a drug that helps me, i don't know how much time i have to get stable. why is this happening to me just because i got a diagnosis? amp x200b i talk to my therapist and i try to go to support groups as often as possible but i don't know who else to ask... any insight would be helpful...
will you take medications for the rest of your life? it s been 2 years since i was hospitalized for a manic psychotic episode where i was diagnosed with bipolar. over the course of 5 months post hospitalization i tried a myriad of medical concoctions including lithium, abilify, latuda, and many others whose name i ve since forgotten. whether due to the depressive episode that came directly after my manic one or the terrible side effects i decided i would go off medications. so now it s been 19 months since i ve taken any medications. i ve avoided drugs, alcohol, and other stressors. i make sure to sleep 8 10 hours a day, eat healthy, drink lots of water, workout, meditate, etc. and it seems like i ve been stable. i still get occasional periods of depression which i easily ride out or bursts of hypomania which makes life easier however all delusions serious effects have all but disappeared. i recognize however that can be an illusion and at any point, things can spin outside of my control. so recently i got a pdoc to write a prescription for latuda, however, i haven t picked up the medication yet because i m starting to question whether i should get back on it. this is primarily because i feel like the effects of long term medication use can have irreversible consequences on the brain. it doesn t help that we have had 0 longitudinal studies showing the effects of staying on these medications for 20 years if there are, i'd love to see them! . so given that i m currently stable, i am having a hard time convincing myself to start taking medications indefinitely. i understand some people cannot function without their medication, however, i m lucky to not be part of that cohort for now . anyways i m not advocating that anyone stop taking medications but i am curious how others view this topic, do you intend on sticking with medications for the rest of your life?
feeling down trigger warning talks about grief and mourning hi everyone! i thought i'd check in though i haven't been all that active in this community recently. by all accounts i'm doing pretty well i'm successful in my job and have settled into the city i've moved to for about a year. starting to form some social connections and am in therapy. it's been 1 year since my last hospital visit and my symptoms are really going down. i also started following one of my passions and started writing a book about my mental health experiences. what i want to chat about is how you all keep it together when life throws you some shitty stuff? my grandma passed away recently, and my family is still dealing with stuff about her passing. we were very close and i hadn't seen her in about a year since i live on the other side of the country. i ended up not going to the funeral but shared some memories that my family read. i won't get into details here but we may also sell one of her properties that was very meaningful to me growing up. her passing also caused some tension in our family, which i'm not personally involved in but still feels stressful. then, totally out of the blue, another person i didn't know well but who worked with me also passed away. i can't help feeling regret about not talking to this person more, and wish that i had spent more time to do that. actually, i'm feeling that about my grandma as well. looking for any suggestions about how to keep it positive when you're dealing with tough stuff like this? i feel a lot of regret and sadness about not spending more time with these people. i also feel a little bit of disillusionment and a little hopeless just generally thinking about how our time on earth is limited. it's also wintertime, so i think that's contributing too. has anyone been dealing with anything similar, or gotten through something like this?
how do you live with yourself? a'ight, the title is a bit harsh but it's a question i've been asking myself that for the last month or two. i'm 23 and got diagnosed january 2018, and that's when i started on my medication. i got the diagnosis after a massive manic episode, and in that manic state i actually thought i had finally found joy in life, and an end to my depression for good. a conclusion to my struggles ect ect. but that conclusion was ripped apart as i got the diagnosis. my so called happiness was taken away from me. but being manic was of course very bad for my health since i hardly ever ate and i did reckless shit. you know classic mania 101 when i started on the meds i kept telling myself that one day i'll be stable and then i will find a new and better conclusion happiness. but it's been a year and i'm loosing my patience because i simply don't feel better than what i did before my manic episode, before the aggressive depression that lasted a year, even before there even was a build up to that depression. i'm starting to tear up as i write this i can't live with my own thoughts. they always focus on the pessimistic side of things. and even in bright times they seem to spiral down into some negative memory that involves either depression or mania. all my memories of the mania has turned negative because it's now clear to me how much of an asshole i was, and all the bad irresponsible shit i did that had consequences on behalf of my friends and people i knew . and these spiraling thoughts always come out of nowhere. whenever i take my meds i get reminded of the fact that i will be taking them for the rest of my life. that i'll never be normal and that i might not get to a state where i can call myself happy. ... yeah back to the question... how do you guys live with this? how do you cope with the fact that we're not normal? just... how?
i faked my bipolar disorder for two years, and i feel awful first of all sorry. i faked it because i wanted to be helped and i thought faking some symptoms next to my real ones would allow me to be relieved of my symptoms sooner. i was in pain. i was having trouble stress, depression, anxiety and terrible racing thoughts. i tried to find help but felt i wasn't being taken seriously by my psychologist and psychiatrist at the time they diagnosed me with very mild autism, a lifelong condition you're born with i was having trouble for 8 months. i googled my symptoms for days until i was convinced i had bipolar disorder. i told my psychiatrist i was seeing things, and that i was paranoid. i said that so they too would be convinced and help me get rid of those terrible racing thoughts. i ended up becoming more convinced that all of this was real. the depression got worse and worse, after a few more months i didn't want to live anymore. the racing thoughts stopped after a month of rest. the antipsychotics they put me on afterwards made me sleep all day, which was nice at first, but i lost all motivation a little while later. the antipsychotics also made me fat, which i didn't like. i was also put on lithium, which made me thirsty and made my hands tremble. at a certain point in time, i was no longer depressed. shortly afterwards, i went on a long holiday to my parents in africa, where i stopped taking my antipsychotics. i still take lithium, but i'm planning to stop taking that as well. i would just like to say that i do not recommend anyone to stop taking their meds i took a lot of risks doing that and i just ended up lucky, because it turns out that i do not have bipolar disorder. i had a 2 year long bout of depression and for 9 months had terrible racing thoughts, triggered by i think burn out syndrome, an existential crisis and possible anxiety.
9 months after psych referral, still no diagnosis i've been seeing a psychiatrist since last may in the hopes of getting a diagnosis for my frequent mood swings which seem like hypomania and severe depression. straight away she told me she doesn't work to a diagnosis, she works with symptoms, and to not expect a diagnosis anytime soon. at first i was upset and kept badgering her for a diagnosis, but as months went by i warmed to her and accepted it. nine months on, i'm beginning to wonder if i'm ever getting diagnosed. i tried to bring it up to her recently, she said it's still too soon to tell and she wants to get a sense of the timescale of my mood swings by seeing me for longer. i've had a lot of really bad personal life dramas in the last six months, so it's hard for her to see whether my moods are a symptom of mental illness, or just a really normal reaction to the terrible things that have happened to me. she said i clearly have some issues with emotional regulation, but that it doesn't seem like classic bipolar. my gp also mentioned cyclothymia in the past but my psych didn't bring it up at all. i told her that i'm worried about getting a bpd diagnosis because of the stigma, and she understood, but i think that's still in the mix in terms of which things she's considering. in every other sense she's been so lovely and helpful, getting me on the right meds lamotrigine, which has been a godsend , referring me for counselling, and referring me for a care coordinator so i can get some extra help in between our appointments. so i know she's not a quack, and i trust her completely. it's just hard to understand when i know other people who've gotten diagnosed in their first appointment. has anyone else waited this long??? it's getting frustrating when i'm trying to justify my illness for benefits claims and don't even know what to call it.
i think my bp is getting worse hi... i really need a space to express myself right now. i have had a bp diagnosis for just over 8 years. i was diagnosed at 18, and i stayed medicated until i was 22. however, when i was 22 i ended up homeless due to a conflict with my mother. i was having trouble getting my medication at the time, so i eventually talked to my doctor about weaning myself off my medication. he agreed that i was handling my symptoms very well, and that we could give it a shot. all was very well for the next unmedicated 3.5 years. however, just this year, i've been going through some noticeable changes. starting about 6 months ago, i settled into hypomania and dealt with it rather well. however, that hypomania, for the first time ever, developed into mania. i am currently enjoying the worst depressive episode i have ever had in my life but i'm thinking it's a mixed episode because i am also irritable and experiencing impulse control issues. i've heard that bipolar can become more intense as you age, but i really didn't see this coming. i thought i was one of the lucky ones whose symptoms weren't severe enough to necessitate treatment and that i could use all the tools i learned in my many years of inpatient and outpatient therapy to stay on track. i do have an intake appointment for a local psychiatric care group lined up, but, for the first time, my symptoms are so bad that i'm having trouble working and doing day to day tasks. i have also noticed a lapse in memory, which really scares me. i can't bear to be around people because i don't want them to see me like this. and i'm scared i'll lash out at them before i can think twice. i know that i will ride this out. i know that everything that goes up will eventually go down and back up again. but right now, i would help to know that i'm not completely alone in this.
warningis this a manic episode? please help x post r bipolar i've been diagnosed with bipolar by three different psychiatrists. i kept asking for different opinions because i thought i was simply afflicted with major depression on and off, for about a decade! . i've finally accepted the diagnosis and started the treatment, but the pills that the doctor prescribed are exclusively to treat symptoms of depression in patients with bipolar disease lamictal . for the past 5 days, however, i've been experiencing something very different some of my thoughts seem foreign to me, in the sense that i know they don't make sense, but i am still drawn to consumed by them. i do and say things that are completely outrageous. even though i am perfectly aware that they are outrageous, i somehow can't stop myself. it's very easy to trigger my irritability. i am screaming loudly and aggressively, and using profanity at the slightest of provocations. i am vicariously living some fantasies. when i say vicariously, i mean that i am having extreme reactions of nostalgia over things that never happened fake memories . it's strange in the sense that i know they are fake but, at the same time, i believe them? my head is a big mess. i don't have any answers. when i'm depressed, none of this happens. right now, i feel like i have more than one person inside my head. there is the rational side, the side that is aware that something is off, the side that is writing this. and then there is the unbalanced side, the side that is causing all this havoc. the only thing that seems to help is to go clubbing, or to a place with a lot of noise. it somehow makes my thoughts more clear and leaves me more relaxed even without the help of alcohol . has anyone experienced any of these things? i am scared, but i end up driving away everyone that tries to offer their help.
where i end and bipolar begins passion? i'm not sure when i began having bipolar symptoms. but for most of my life, i've been very cyclic. i don't think i was stable for most of my adolescence. it is very scary for me to look back on my life. and think of how most of the times i really felt like myself were when i was most likely manic. i used to be very goal oriented, loved to learn, passionate about my hobbies. just passionate, passionate, passionate. but not always. i would slip into depressive phases and either lose interest in things or stop entirely. when i think of myself, i think of someone is incredibly passionate. but that doesnt describe me at all. i feel like a husk who used to be someone. i still like the same things. but i never learn, or do anything anymore. i used to write essays for fun. i used to practice japanese religiously. i used to be so passionate. the scary thing is. i think my passion and vigor was never me. it was mania. i'm scared that i was never anything but manic or depressed. i'm scared that's all i'll be. or a husk. the only moments where i feel like myself are when i'm passionate and working hard. but i haven't felt a single flicker of that passion since i had my manic episode. i just feel blank. sometimes depressed. sometimes stable. mostly bored. and i'm scared to feel passion sometimes. because then...its mania. it must be mania. i dont know how to separate who i am from bipolar disorder. is the me that i appreciate just my manic self? is this passionless, semi depressed, stay at home, jobless, college drop out...me? tl dr my identity is being passionate, being hardworking, a love of learning. i'm scared the past me was just manic and that i will never have that kind of passion again unless manic . what separates me from bipolar? i am currently a husk of my old self.
supporting and promoting writing and poetry from the bipolar community hey there writers and poets of r bipolarreddit, i'm from a writers' resource website called winning writers https winningwriters.com . part of our mission is to find and promote voices and themes underrepresented in publishing, including but of course not limited to racial, cultural, national, religious, gender sexual identity, body positive, neurodiverse, and dis abled. we are interested primarily in the representation of the voices themes in the poetry, rather than the identity of the writer. at this time of year we're offering two contests the tom howard john h. reid fiction and essay contest https winningwriters.com our contests tom howard john h reid fiction essay contest , with two first prizes of 2000 each, ten honorable mentions receiving 100 each, and the top twelve entries published online. the contest is international. the deadline is april 30. the wergle flomp humor poetry contest https winningwriters.com our contests wergle flomp humor poetry contest free , with a first prize of 1000, a second prize of 250, and ten honorable mentions of 100 each. the top twelve entries will be published online. the contest is international and the deadline is april 1. since i started doing outreach on reddit last year we've received hundreds more entries featuring diverse characters and voices. we're working hard to increase the diversity of our entry pool and give good writers the exposure they deserve. i know r bipolarreddit isn't technically a writers' subreddit, but in the past some of our strongest entries have come from subs like this one, which ostensibly have nothing to do with writing. so, if you are a writer, please consider entering our contests. and if you know any writers, please consider passing this information on to them.
hello darkness my old friend so i have been cycling more and more often lately, primarily triggered by the fact that im getting the run around with unemployment and haven't been paid since before xmas from them and im starting to have that fight or flight response happen. just this week i started again having thoughts of what bridge locally i wanted to jump off, if that would be effective or should i find a parking garage instead. i keep flirting with that edge between just thinking and crossing over and carrying it out and a few things stopping me but lately a big trigger has been my family that i live with. had i not irrationally quit my job last fall esp when i knew the new job offer i had was not in stone yet, i feel that i would of been on the path of moving out finally, and since then im starting to realize that i may never obtain that goal. i'm in the it profession and frankly a trigger lately is helping my mother especially with it issues almost every single day, often times things i have shown her before how to resolve but then she sits there and claims i never had which further enrages me and triggers me to start rapid cycling again. oh should also mention i have been off medication since last summer. and at this moment i am safe, this is mostly a vent vs a note i am leaving to be found. to be quite honest its fucking disturbing how my mental well being is so tied to my financial well being. my old job may of sucked, but at least i was starting to dig myself out of debt, now i am just being suffocated by it to the point that i just laugh at collection letters and calls. i really have no desire to restart things at my old dr office as i just did not feel like anything was being changed for the better. hell at times dealing with their buraracy at times was a trigger in of its self.
possibly bi polar diagnose. goodmorning people! just a short introduction.. for a long time now, i've been experiencing symptoms such as indecisive as f. i change my mind all the time. i can't seem to relate to anything... it's really bad. i can't stay at a job, as soon as i get an idea, let's say traveling or doing something else, i quit my job, leave my apartment, and the idea just slowly dies. then i start aaaall over again, finding a job, a new place to stay, new idea, bam. same vicious circle. i have mood swings like crazy. depressed periods days, and not so depressed periods days. on my depressed periods days i tend to isolate myself, disable all my social media, turn off my phone. i get irritable and angry about the smallest things, for no reason. my creativity confidence level goes to 0, so it's like i've never played on my guitar before, or sung a song. and of course, the overthinking everything like crazy, it gets so bad that i can't even answer a simple yes or no question, without having to overthink it. and i always know that as soon as i answer the question, i would will change my mind straight away. on my good days periods, i get crazy.. hyper and active? spend money on random stuff get 1000 of ideas, but never follow through with one of them. confidence is sky high, and i can do everything. i sleep 3 4 hours max, and im good to go. relationship wise i really quickly lose interest. all of a sudden, i just cut off contact without letting the person or i do the opposite, and get way to clingy and deep. so yesterday, i've simply had enough. i went to the doctor, told him all this, and he referred my to a psychiatrist, which i will be seeing in 4 5 weeks... he couldn't tell me 100 what it was, and im just clueless on what to do. can anyone of you relate to any of this?
looking for help advice? okay i've never posted here before... bipolar ii here. so, i'm definitely hypomanic right now but i feel like it's different somehow this time? i was diagnosed relatively recently, and this is the first time i'm actually cognizant of the mood shift. i'm slightly alarmed it started where i was having trouble concentrating. that morphed into a sort of word salad where it'd take me awhile to come up with words that were on the tip of my tongue, or i'd say the completely wrong word. example as i just was typing this! diagnosed relatively recently i had to stop and think how to phrase that because i wanted to type soon ish , but could not for the life of me remember the word relatively . at work today and it's been rough. well, that's an understatement. i feel like i'm literally having to corral my brain. cannot concentrate at all. making really stupid mistakes. fleeting thoughts i barely have time to even grab onto and process. my hypomanic espisodes usually come coupled with wild bursts of creativeness and wanting to do all the things, and i can't get to sleep and can't stay asleep. i've had no problem getting to sleep, but i feel like no matter how much or little sleep i get i'm exhausted? that usually happens when i'm depressed! i don't get it! i just am freaking because this whole having trouble thinking and speaking is totally foreign to me. i'm admittedly a bit of a hypochondriac, so i'm sitting here like, do i have early onset dementia?!? really hoping this isn't too disjointed and makes sense. i'm just wondering if anyone gets reeeeally spacey when hypomanic??? this is nuts...also just totally forgot something i was going to put. oh well. i have a psych appointment coming up so i'll bring this up, but that's a week away unfortunately... thank you.
lurker realizing i need some help coping understanding depressive episode relapse. i guess for some preface i was diagnosed last year but have had it all my life. i'm type 1 but was pretty functional as i typically used what i now realize is my mania in school and etc. and pretty much was excelling despite going through manic and depressive episodes thinking it was normal teenage angst etc. until about my 4th year in college when things went down south fast. fast forward two years, a couple of hospital visits, and finally getting a full wrap around team, i'm a lot more stable now that i'm on what i feel are the right set of meds for me atm been on a set of lithium, lorazepram, and buproprion for the past 3 months and it's worked amazingly . it's allowed me to work, write, and just generally focus like i used to without the mood swings and recognize when i'm becoming manic or depressed at high caliber level that i'm used to. i know that the meds aren't a cure all and that relapse happens, but recently have had a string of events good, bad, and otherwise have caused my depression to come back in full swing. i recognize it for what it is and why i feel like this, which is a huge step compared to before, but it's just as heavy and still rather difficult to deal with unlike my mania where i know just to tune it down. i don't really know what i'm looking for in this as i have a pretty solid support system, but i guess if anyone else has had relapse experiences post medication i think hearing about others dealt with hearing about it would be helpful. because i'm really in a spot where im really not sure how to approach it and could probably use some netflix movie suggestions as i don't have much energy to do anything else. thanks for reading and sorry if this is all over the place.
just started lithium. bipolar ii. looking for others experiences and advice as i m feeling very anxious. hi guys. long time lurker of this sub so i know you all are kind and give good advice. i just started 450mg of the extended release type of lithium last night. i took it after a meal but by the time it hit my stomach i had really bad nausea. i went and laid down and after about 30 mins that passed thankfully. i woke up during the night quite thirsty and today i have been drinking plenty of water. i have been feeling dizzy at times, have been sweaty sometimes hot flashes and then feel cold later. hands and feet sweating a lot. also i am feeling very anxious there is a lot going on in my life so that would make sense but i wasn t anxious this badly and in this way before the lithium . i feel out of it too like dissociated maybe the anxiety makes this scary, although i am in a rational state of mind. i also have a feeling of just being a bit unwell in some hard to define way. i feel a icky lol i have no symptoms of toxicity at all thankfully. no shakes. however searching reddit and google i can t kind anyone reporting anxiety, dizziness and feeling slightly out of it and unwell. i know it is early days and i might need to adjust but after hours of obsessive googling and worry i just need some feedback as to whether what i am feeling is normal or not? i am also on lamictal 200mg but have been for many months already. i was on 25mg seroquel since the friday before last to help with sleep but my last dose of that was saturday night. i stopped it as it wasn t helping me sleep and i was getting no benefit. if anyone has some experience with lithium i d really appreciate some reassurance. especially regarding the feeling of not quite being here or right in some way. thank you ????
need resources for my so on my bpii lamictal i'm a 27 year old female who was diagnosed with bpii when i was 20. i was on lamictal 350mg day for several years, which did wonderful things for me. i also was briefly on lithium, welbutrin, seroquel, trazodone, and propranolol but always found lamictal to be the most effective. last spring, my boss decided to lay several people off including myself, which meant i lost my health insurance plan. he didn't honor our cobra agreement and subsequently my normally 30 refills skyrocketed to 800 per refill. i obviously couldn't afford this and thus went off lamictal for 9 months. it was horrible, i was suicidal, had raging fits of crying and lashing out at people. i self harmed. i tried to walk onto a freeway. my boyfriend has been extremely patient and supportive but doesn't understand what i'm going through. i recently got a healthcare plan again with kaiser and am now titrating back up i am on 25mg day now, going up to 50mg in two days, eventually back to my normal 350 . i don't know if it's because i'm older now, or that i stopped drinking, or that i'm also on hormonal birth control ortho this time, but the side effects have been way more intense than i recall when starting last time. my night terrors are insane. like, i wake up sweating and panting, and it ruins my day as i'm gripped with whatever got to me in the dream. i get headaches, i have shitty coordination, i feel lazy and unmotivated, uninspired, my speech is slurred and i have no memory. i'll be talking and mid sentence just... not know what i was trying to get at. my boyfriend has my testimony to go off of, but he really wants good resources to understand bpii and mostly lamictal, and what to expect in supporting me as i get back up to my therapeutic dose.
help, i m tired of it all before i get into this, i know i was an asshole and i regret it so much that i m crying. that s why i m here to ask so i don t have to be judged by people i know. i ve been fine for a while, surprisingly, considering i ve been off my meds for a while. but yesterday was rough. i was starting to feel depressed and numb again so i did everything i could to keep it at bay. i went out, i tried to do hobbies, spend some time outside. but then my anxiety and paranoia started setting in. i feel like i was being watched and veery sound the woods made freaked me out. eventually i couldn t stand it anymore and had to go inside and go to bed. something to note, i ve been off my meds but just recently realized i was a fucking idiot and am moving back onto them. for context of the next day, i took some hydroxyzine last night to help me calm down and sleep. i tend to wake up a bit groggy but it fades. but today i ve felt horrible. i ve been depressed, irritable, paranoid, i just don t want to be here anymore dealing with it. i have a dog and because of our house set up, i have to spend all day in the dining room with dining chairs and tile floor. no where to lay down. so i laid on the floor. earlier i had been throwing a toy for my dog but stopped because my energy felt so low. as i was lying there, she kept nipping at my heels and barking when i told her to stop. finally, my anger boiled over and i yelled at her. i said awful things to her that i don t want to repeat, even to strangers on the internet. i put her in her crate and went to the bathroom to take a bath and calm down. i feel so awful about it and i hate feeling like this and hurting others. my medicine is supposed to help me but as soon as i started taking it again, this happened. help.
add inattentive and bipolar ii ... anyone else? hi there, i am 30 yo female who was diagnosed as add inattentive in highschool, prescribed all those study candies and made it through college where i began binge drinking and smoking pot ... also had a bout of serious depression and started lexapro, which lasted only about two years . i am very petite and was taking high doses of vyvanse 70mg and also adderall 30mg tab for studying. i had what i would call my first episode in college after smoking a bowl... fast forward to five years out of college and still taking adderall and vyvanse and ambien, gained about 40lbs. i wanted off of that shit so i quit taking it and quit seeing my doc. when i didn t have any left since i stopped seeing the doc, i became addicted to benadryl 3 at night just to sleep. anyway, i went on a trip and got some pot candy, and i got sick and then i was prescribed a 10 mg prednisone. that s when the mania started, it was full blown mania for about 10 days, before i went to the hospital. i don t remember everything but i was signing everything! i couldn t stop, it was weird. anyway sorry for the long post, my new doc has me on seraquel 200mg and vistiril along with a bunch of supplements i am trying to get away from big pharma . my problem is now i am still very distracted due to the inattentive add, during work i don t work and i ll pick at split ends or google stuff that s irrelevant. my new doc said no to stimulants and even said i should not drink coffee. he also said i can do pot or alcohol but it is dis inhibiting, so basically watch out. now i am in a depressed state, and i should be happy. my question to others is how do you deal with bipolar and inattentive add? it s a tough combo but i am trying to take things one day at a time.
pot induced my mania, is this the new normal? is bipolar mania precipitated by marijuana use typically one off, or a new normal in the cycle? am i likely to experience full blown mania without medication? some background after a period of minor depression i reverted to old habits and smoked some marijuana which caused my first manic episode. i spent some time in a psych ward and was given lithium and zyprexa, which didn't fully suppress my manic state. after a couple months in hypomania, i gave my zyprexa to someone else i'd med who couldn't afford them. i thought i'd be fine, with just a week until my next refill. i was wrong, and went manic, totalled my car, and ended up back in the psych ward. now i'm dealing with the fallout from this event. i'm 26, and generally high functioning. i was an alcoholic for a few years and have been sober for about 4 years it runs in my family . i'd smoked pot before, but not often because it would make me feel very anxious and make my thoughts race. is this extreme episode of mania my new normal or is it likely a one off ? i'd never experienced them before. in fact, i don't think i'd ever really experienced general hypomania before, only excitement related to specific projects or areas of interest. i'm unable to find much online about this, here's one gt clinicians agree that cannabis use can cause acute adverse mental effects that mimic psychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. gt ... gt cannabis abuse prior to development of bipolar disorder has a significant effect on first episode mania and on the course of the disease. another study reported that using cannabis at baseline can significantly increase the risk for manic symptoms during follow up. https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pmc articles pmc2811144
i feel like a failure because i've had to move home to deal with my mental illness i've been just fine living abroad for over a year, but i came home for the holidays with the intent to move on to another country afterwards. but in the last week or so before i came home, my mental health dropped off a cliff. and it has continued to fall. and now i'm having to change my entire life plan because i need to take care of this so badly that i need to stick around my hometown while i seek therapy. this is such a sudden change from everything that i'd had planned for months, and now i feel like a failure because i have to move back and stick around to deal with my stupid mental illness. like, as it is, i'm depressed as hell, and feeling this sense of failure on top of that is only making it worse. i have an intake appointment with a local counseling center next week, so i am actively working on getting help, but everything still sucks. now i have to find a car, a job, and an apartment i can't handle living with my parents for longer than a couple of weeks , which are factors that i hadn't planned for at all. i have a love hate relationship with my hometown i've fantasized about getting the fuck out of here ever since i was, like, 14 years old, and it breaks my heart that when i finally made a huge move that i'd been wanting to make for years living abroad , i now have to cut that plan short to deal with this mental illness shit. which is why it feels like failure i tried something that i'd been wanting for so long, and just when i thought that i'd made it, i ended up stuck back here to deal with factors beyond my control. so the point of this is part vent, but part has anyone ever felt like this? and if the answer to that is yes, any tips on what to do about it?
i was recently diagnosed with bipolar and it's making me question my own identity i was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder three weeks ago. i am going through a major depressive episode and went to see a psychologist my mother recommended. my anxiety is slowly killing me and forcing everyone that i care about away from me. the meds aren't doing their job and i'm just really looking for some support and reassurance that i'm not all alone and absolutely insane. i prided myself in my abilities in the arts and my motivation and commitment when school started, and always attributed my falling grades to the lack of motivation as the year dragged on. after being diagnosed i'm just not sure exactly of who i am anymore. i'm afraid people are going to look at all my past, recent, and future achievements with oh its due to mania , but i feel like i need that validation to keep doing what i do. it has always been a way for me to express myself. my mom and grandma also have bipolar. my mom is extremely unstable and controlling, and the only thing holding her back from completely grabbing my skin and stepping into it herself is the fact that i wasn't bipolar like her. now that i am, she has been forcing her past feelings of when she was young onto me. she's pushing onto me her experiences, trying to relive her life through me, and its making me question my own identity and whether or not i'll just end up like this nightmare that is my mother. my mother is also only taking me to her psychiatrist and doctors. i should trust them, as they are reputable institutions in the area, but i don't because of their affiliation with my mother. she is the only person i know who has this, so i decided to make an account and find some people to help me go through this process.
content with the idea of suicide. here's why content with the decision? hi everyone, first time poster and visitor. and suicidal. but not in a sad, angry sort of way. let me explain. i have a myriad of uncomfortable, growing, and lifelong genetic disorders that aren't obviously visible. i have lumps everywhere that may be cancerous, and i'm currently in the process of finding out. i also have type 2 bipolar disorder. my teeth, lips, mouth, tonsil, and throat structures are all shades of fucked, meaning i'll need multiple surgeries, braces, and apnea machines in my future. my family has a history of a few kinds of cancer, heart problems, liver problems, balding, and alzheimer's. i'm freshly in my twenties, so thinking about how ugly this can get for me is seriously worrying and a complete drain on any vision i have of the future. but that's not really the primary reason i want to leave this world. i just feel complete, finished, done. not in a depressive way at least, not all the time , but in a closure final chapter sort of way. i have felt nothing but love from family and friends, have had many successful relationships, have had a super privileged life, and have set myself up for a decent future after uni. however, i just don't care. i'm content with the time i have spent here and would rather burn out than fade away. my medical issues will surely put myself and my family into debt. my studies feel worthless even though i am excelling and they have always felt that way. i never thought i'd make it past 18, and have no real vision of myself past 21. every day feels like unnecessary time to be spending. i feel like i should close my book and leave while i am content with my life up to now. have any of you felt this way? any suggestions or comments?
how to get motivated to workout when depressed? basically what it says in the title. in theory, i know exercise helps with symptoms, and i like going to the gym when i'm not in the depths of depression. however, when i'm depressed, it's nearly impossible for me to motivate myself to go even semi consistently. i get stuck doing nothing. i have trouble getting myself to put my gym clothes on, let alone actually walking there and completing a workout. also, i don't experience much, if any, of the usual pleasure i get after i work out normally i'd feel better afterwards when i'm depressed, so it's pretty hard to convince myself to do it because i'll feel better later . i've tried going for longer walks and other stuff, but if i'm honest dragging myself around my city in the rain alone with my dark thoughts doesn't help much. i go out most days with my dog, but when it gets bad i can't even begin to face it. i know i sound like i'm being lazy and dramatic, but i'm serious. i really can't stand the idea of getting up, putting on my clothes, putting on my shoes, getting my dog ready, finding my keys, finding my phone, putting on my coat, locking up, going down the stairs in my apartment building, walking for 40 minutes, climbing the stairs again, then unlocking my door and going in. i get stuck between steps and find myself outside alone in the cold too sad to walk home, or staring at the stairs pun in my building unable to drag myself up them. i get psychomotor slowing when i'm really bad. it's physically difficult to walk. it feels like my body is made of lead. sometimes it takes me over an hour to complete an activity that would normally take me half that time. for people who've been able to push through this and get themselves to exercise, how?
just found out my son was molested as a child he's 21, he's been struggling with angry issues and bipolar for many years. refuses therapy tried some that didn't work so now refuses all. these is so much on could go into but right now i just need to know what to say to him. he went manic today and there was a huge fight, then he told me, i started sobbing, told him i'm so sorry i didn't know it was the son of a ex friend for other reasons who had been a sister to me my while life, an aunt to him, her son was about a year older. i'm guessing this was grade school, i don't know any details after that he went to his room. i've tried to tell him in here and checking on him but i don't know what to say. saw him after and asked him what i could do and he said leave him alone. he's had a friend over today thankfully they are watching sports, grilling, whatever, in the basement. what do i do when his friend leaves? how do i talk to him what do i say? he is going to refuse help. he said that we are the worst parents we never taught him anything and don't listen to him and we hate him and lie to him. i know that he gets manic and the anger takes over, he had said in the past he wishes he was dead. but not recently enough to have him committed for help. he'd never forgive me for that anyway. my husband and older son are away this weekend. so it's just the 2 of us. i can't stop crying, i'm devastated and i feel like i did this to him because i dropped him off over there or she would pick the kids up from school and i'd pick him up later. i failed my son, i don't know how to help him, how is this our life what do i do now edit to add i am bipolar as well and i am medicated and have therapy twice a month. but he still thinks i don't know anything about it.
hypomanic af, if people only knew long story short the drugstore that provides my prescription fucked it up and i took medication that triggered hypomania. luckily its the weekend now and i can keep it simple. i slept 1.5 hrs the last two nights. my gf is concerned as i've been distant but really im just trying to shield her. i was supposed to hang out with people and cancelled bc of this shit and ppl are annoyed. i've shut myself in my room and will only allow my roommate who also has a mental illness to see me. i work out in the gym in my apartment building and return to my room. i get anxiety attacks and vomit, my hypersexuality is out of control, the voices want me to be destructive, as a release i suppose. so i've been pouring myself out on reddit and doing lots of art. fuck this is not easy. i am being vigilant these are the times i hurt myself and other people and make very bad decisions. my whole body is buzzing and the thoughts won't stop. i've been working out three times a day to try to tire myself out and shut my mind off. i've scrubbed every inch of the apartment. vigorous cleaning and organizing is always a tip off that i am in a hypomanic cycle. going to do some yoga before bed. i keep telling myself its a process and it will take time before i can retrain my brain and body to continue to choose helpful coping. my body is so amped and my mind racing, i want someone to tranquillize me and let me sleep for 100 years. grateful this isn't my norm anymore. a sad and worn bean. its fucked up because some friends tell me they are jealous of me bc of how i look and the attention i receive, how social they perceive me to be but what the fuck is that worth when your brain hates you and wants you to die. anyway i know this will pass ugh
depression makes me feel so crazy and irrational im scared to even talk about it in real life i have spent the majority of the past three years depressed, with a few periods of mania and normalcy interspersed here and there. a common pattern i will go into therapy of some kind, talk about how i'm depressed, i'm sad all the time, feel like nothing ever helps me, meds never work, i want to kill myself and the only thing stopping me is fear it won't work. get frustrated at all their suggestions, walk out feeling worse than i did going in. then my meds will get adjusted or i'll cycle back up again and feel absolutely fine, and quit therapy until the next crisis. because of this, i'm sure my chart is covered with notes about how i'm a difficult patient, irrational, dramatic, draining, argumentative and i have have clinicians suggest i have borderline pd or at least traits of it. the thing is when i'm euthymic i'm not like this at all. i may be a little more sensitive than the average person but other than that i'm perfectly normal. anyway, my point is that i always get embarrassed by how melodramatic i get during depressive episodes and because of this i am scared to go back to therapy and repeat this pattern. i already have a lot of difficulty opening up to people and have always found therapy insanely difficult, and this just makes it worse. i also know at this point i'm being irrational and i don't need anyone to point it out to me, but i also don't know what to do when i feel like this that doesn't involve professional help. i'm not sure why i'm posting this, just hoping to hear any advice anyone has or if anyone else feels the same way? i literally feel like depression turns me into a completely different person and i hate it.
tw depersonalization? feeling like the world isn t real i m not sure what this is, and my searches for depersonalization and derealization don t explain what i m feeling. it s as if the world isn t real, like it s a big simulation. i notice behavioral patterns in people around me that are predictable and consistent and then they do things that are out of pattern and can t explain to me why they do it. i feel like it s a glitch. i explain myself to people, how i feel about things, and they seem to understand and then completely disregard or even forget the conversation and go back on what they agreed to with no cares. i ve realized they re just moving in their own worlds and can t really be interacted with in any significant way, like talking to an npc in a video game. you get the same three responses. it feels like i am not real. none of this is. it s just like a game or an experiment to interact with others at this point. like i m the only real human and this is world is all in my head. i feel numb and detached from others, like i m watching them on a tv show. characters. i had a conversation last night and someone was emotional about telling me how much they care about me as a friend and i was just.. observing and thinking it s interesting, like reading a book or seeing a dramatic movie and i was playing along. i feel we are all just playing roles. and when i step outside of the roles, it upsets others, even when it means i m just asking to have my needs met. normally kind people will do the most apathetic things and then be confused if you ask them why they did that. like they genuinely don t know. tldr i feel like none of this is real. myself or others and we are all in a big simulation. i don t feel like a real person.
i'm in love for the first time since diagnosis and it does not feel good. yesterday i've put my best friend on a hold. totally my fault. she were there for me the whole time, but things worked out in a way that i developed a crush on her. i really thought wtf, mania. again? . but i had my lithium tests, talked to my psychiatrist and sadly i wasn't manic at all. i was really suffering, because she has her problems too and when i try to talk with her about it she doesn't respond well. i tried do keep my distance, try to get over it, but she likes me a lot and we became even closer. relationships are a huge problem for me, and my friend is in a different phase of life. she broke with her first boyfriend recently they were together from age 13 till 18, church boyfriend, holding hands only, she was unhappy and now she is dating a lot of guys no strings attached, a lot like what i do, but it hurts for me to see it. i started avoiding being at the same places she goes to and the others close to me are telling me she is not really all that. so i decided to put our friendship on a hold too, since i'm unhappy with this let's speed date everyone we can and maybe we'll get together at the end . i can't keep having sex and making out with strangers to compensate her actions, you know? it became toxic. yesterday we've had a huge fight about it, because i told her i didn't like to be exposed this way. edit 1 she thought i called her a whore idk but things went ugly and she told me that i was the one she liked. it doesn't matter, because it was turning my first time being ok with my disorder in making me feel like a mess. sorry if the text is unclear, writing in english is uncomfortable for me and sometimes i just can't organize my ideas.
delusion or just incredibly elevated anxiety? hi everybody. last year i was diagnosed as type 2 because i haven t experienced what i considered to be full blown mania only hypo, and i m extremely prone to severe depressed lows. however, i ve been wondering a lot lately whether or not i m just experiencing an intense level of anxiety insecurity or if this crosses into the area of what would be considered a delusion. i haven t had any of the more obvious signs of delusions that i ve read about on here i.e. thinking i m god or somebody else or an informant, etc. , but i most definitely feel all the time like i can tell 95 100 exactly what people are thinking about me to the point that it hinders me from functioning in many instances. for example, i will literally coup myself up in my room for days weeks because i feel like i absolutely know exactly what my roommates or friends family professors are thinking of me in these high and low emotional states and i don t want to even confront them for this reason. i ve even accused my mom of basically thinking her thoughts too loud at me or even lashing out when i think she s judging me or thinking something extremely negative. she ll obviously say things like i m assuming way too much and i have no clue what i m talking about and i still don t believe her. i know logically when i think about this that it s ridiculous but part of me also lets it affect me to the point that i will hide myself or freak out about it. the fact that i m partially able to understand that this obviously isn t the true case is what dissuades me from calling it a delusion, but it s also so strong of a fear and observation that it makes me wonder. what do you think? has anybody else experienced anything this?
a win but also a vent i just want to share that over the last year i've been 300 more active than i used to be. i've gone hundreds of kilometers on my stationary bike and when i bike i go hard 75 of the time drenched in sweat, heart pounding, out of breath. i started doing pilates to strengthen my core and my arms. i walk my two dogs through the woods 5 days a week. however, thanks to magic of seroquel, i'm still kinda fat. i'm right at the line of healthy overweight on the bmi index seriously if i lost 1 2 pound i'd be in the healthy category . i'm watching what i eat, getting loads of veggies, switched out most carbs for alternatives, even cut down on my one major weakness potato chips. my fitness pal says i'm running a 300 calorie deficit most days. but i look in the mirror and i don't see much improvement. my arms are a little more toned, i can see my cheekbones more clearly. but that's about it. i know that the exercise is making me healthier. my heart, my lungs, my strength. but i wish i could see the results more. i wish i got to shop for new clothes, to show off my hard work. to top it off a friend of mine recently lost about 20 pounds just by cutting out the insane amounts of candy and soda she was consuming. and everyone is gushing over how good she looks. i know this is a real pity party i'm throwing for myself. but i do crave that outside validation at times. because i can't even share with the majority of my friends the reason i'm struggling with my size. nothing makes the average conversation more awkward than tossing around the word antipsychotics . anyway, i just wanted to share how well i'm doing being active without anyone doubting it because of my size. i think my seroquel buddies will understand.
a big move has me stuck in a mixed episode, not sure how to cope. hi, r bipolarreddit i just moved back home to be with my family for the next 6 months and i'm trying to figure out how to cope until getting to my new pdoc. surprisingly i have been stabilized on only 12.5 mg of lamictal extremely rare my body is intensely sensitive to meds, substances, etc. for the last couple of months. my day to day routine was rather consistent though, so there wasn't that much to throw me off. it's helped more so with my co morbid bpd mood swings. but after an 11 hr stressful care ride, change of environment, change of sleep schedule, and moving away from my boyfriend? i'm lost. i'm waking up in a deep depression, don't want to shower, don't want to eat. then when my loud and boisterous family gets me out of the house i start feeding off of their energy and won't stop talking, become obnoxious at restaurants, speed home, racing thoughts and sweating like crazy, stay up all night, then repeat the next day. luckily i haven't been doing anything too extreme yet but i don't know what to do in the meantime, even right now i feel panicked and sweaty and confused yet worn out and can't find the will to do anything. not to mention i've been feeling intensely lonely even though i am near my family. i start work on monday, which i'm hoping can add in some needed structure to my day, but at the same time i'm nervous to be adding another facet of change to my life and sending me down more of a spiral. i want to get out and distract myself during this weird state but i really can't find the footing and i'm afraid if i stay around my family i'll get worse. i don't see my new doctor for another couple of weeks, what can i do in the meantime?
doctor wants medication changes there's a long history with my psychiatric illnesses and medications but i'll jump ahead. 2 and a half years ago i got extreme ppd and was hospitalized twice. i was only on a small bit of klonopin at first but it stopped working. everything i tried made me crazier until one doctor put me on celexa. after initial anxiety it changed my life. saw a regular psych who tried different things so i wouldn't get manic and i was hesitant. had a huge drunken manic episode, was hospitalized again and prescribed abilify 10 and it helped a lot. that was almost a year ago. amp x200b i was doing okay, taking sleeping pills at night, stomach meds, ativan, propanolol. i needed birth control for pmdd recently psych took me off sleeping pills and ended propanolol i get severe anxiety an panic attacks . my birth control made my anxiety unbearable one week every month so my med doc switched me to something else and increased my stomach meds acid reflux gastritis. i started an anti inflammatory diet being tired of this mess and was exercising doing well and happy, which my psych thought was hypomania, although i was still depressed a lot. she wanted me to drop my dosage to 10 mg while remaining on 10mg abilify. i am terribly med sensitive and many things cause crazy reactions for a long time. that is a big cut for me. so basically in one month, new birth control also sensitive , no sleep meds, less anti anxiety meds, more stomach problems and now a decrease in a med that i had no problem with. i'm two days in and already going crazy, what can i expect? amp x200b long story short, lots of med changes. on abilify 10mg, ativan twice a day, loe estrin fe, and dropping 20 mg citalopram to 10 and feel a mess.
i hate the way media depicts mania i 16enby have been told i show signs of bipolar by multiple professionals. they can t diagnose me since i m young though. this made me analyze my behaviors and realize when i was manic. movies and shows make mania seem fun. it makes it seem like a drug. it can be fun. it can be euphoric. but it s usually so unbelievably painful. it s excoriating. when i told my friends i was probably bipolar they didn t really bat an eye, they saw me being reckless and doing risky things and they thought it was fun. mania is so much anger. it s such a deep anger, i can t explain it and i ve realized that s a symptom and not everyone feels it. it s such a trip. all the things i thought were normal were probably symptoms. my friends thought mania was fun, they saw movies of people going out and doing drugs, they saw me going out and doing drugs but when i explained what it s like they were terrified. and they should be. this isn t fun. bipolar isn t fun. mania needs to stop being romanticized. your perception of reality shifts, you re angry, and even more angry that no one can help you. you do reckless things because you just don t care. you re filled with so much self hatred and if the consequence isn t immediate death than it doesn t matter. it s not fun. i can t explain how un fun it is. it s so unstable, you can t control your emotions, it s constantly changing. it reminds me of vampire diaries. when they re in transition their emotions are magnified. it can be fun but they re usually a mess, hurting themselves, being destructive, drinking, hating themselves. i m not sure why i made this post. i feel cheated kind of? everyone makes mania seem so fun and crazy and like a movie but it s scary.
i no longer see this as an illness i was diagnosed 4 years ago after a psychotic episode. tried many medications to control the swings including depakote, lithium, quetiapine and so on. nothing worked and i started thinking about that. this 'illness' is not understood in any capacity. no one knows why people get it, no one knows how medication works or if it will work. the medication is proven to be severely damaging to our bodies and often meds stop working all together but are difficult to stop taking due to withdrawals. i'm not anti med in anyway, but i'm anti long term meds. no doubt medication has helped during acute episodes but keeping me on them long term did more damage to my life than good. amp x200b i've been volunteering, writing music, walking. if i feel depressed i accept that. i lay in bed and cry, and that's okay i think. i feel much better saying to myself 'you have extreme moods swings, experience them' rather than 'you have extreme mood swings, you need to suppress that as well as all your other emotions.' amp x200b i've started looking for alternative ways to bring myself some peace. i have been off medication for two months now and have really enjoyed the lows and highs i've been experiencing. i feel more like myself, i don't have the constant sedation. i've stopped thinking 'why do i feel this way' and just experience my emotions without any judgement or thinking that there's something wrong with me. bipolar can be a gift, to experience life in ways others cannot. amp x200b i think being told that bipolar is a bad thing and it's an illness did me so much more harm than if had been told that i'm ok the way i am, i just need to learn how to experience it whilst keeping myself safe.
what is going on with me? i feel like my brain is continuously struggling to figure out if i should cry for hours or go and get a ton of shit done. like... i have this urge to get all of my course work done but i'm also too sad to care about it. i keep going through these dysphoric episodes. had one last night in fact. i don't know if it counts as a nervous breakdown or not. i don't know what triggered it. something just snapped. i started to feel super tense. i considered dropping out of college. i was curled up in a ball for a good 45 minutes crying until my eyes were dried out later that night. and then one thing lead to the next, i was having flashbacks from my emotionally abusive mother. i desperately wanted to cut myself and i hated absolutely everything that i was thinking about. punching myself in the head. staring at the scars all over my arms and hating every ounce of myself. i went on a long walk in the night. i probably looked like a crackhead or something. stumbling around with tears running down my face. i was losing my fucking mind. later that night, i couldn't sleep and went to bed super late. and now i'm writing this at my school. it scares me that such a thing happened to me and i'm just able to ignore it and start being productive today. well. not productive. more barely functioning enough to make it school and back home. i'm so emotionally exhausted, yet wired. it's like there's a continuous battle going on in my head that no one else understands. i hadn't taken anything that night except my lamictal. what the fuck is going on with my head. i'm rambling all over the place. maybe somebody can make something of this. tldr. i went insane last night and don't know what to make of it.
woke up and didn t recognize myself i was diagnosed a few months ago as bp ii with ocd and unspecified anxiety disorder. it took me a long time to seek help even though i ve been dealing with these things for a very long time. looking back, most of my life seems so foggy because of the constant up and down, racing thoughts, intrusive thoughts, and anxiety meltdowns. even so, i never really noticed the signs of something as serious as bp ii. i m only on 75 mg of lamictal and 50 mg of sertraline right now, but i m going back to my pdoc because i just had easily the worst hypomanic episode yet. maybe it s just because i can recognize it now, i don t know. either way, i went on a total spending spree, made 3 road trips in a two week period, got my first 2 tattoos, had unprotected sex w a guy i barely know have never had sex outside a relationship , drank like a fish, drove drunk and my mom even described me as arrogant. these things would all seem normal for a college student like myself if it weren t for the fact that on a normal basis i am very, very straight laced. i woke up monday morning and had to make my first gyno appt because i thought i was pregnant, but instead i am being tested for std s. i hate the second tattoo i got because it s visible all the time. i m in a mess with the people i went out with because the alcohol turned me in an irritable mess. my bank account has barely enough money to buy groceries now. i don t know who i was these past few weeks but i m scared of the place she put me in. how do i move past this? tl dr my first recognizable hypomanic state made my life a shit show to the point where i felt like i was a completely different person. i dont know how to pick up the pieces
any tips for reducing tobacco use? i developed a serious problem with my tobacco use last year. i used to smoke about half a pack a day fairly reliably, but in the wake of a very stressful cross country move, my consumption spiked to 20 25 smokes a day and i haven t been able to get it back down yet. i have bp1 with psychotic features and my own therapist said he doesn t know anyone with a psychotic mood disorder that doesn t smoke, so i m not sure if actually quitting is in my future. i ve tried before using patches and after two weeks i felt like i had a rabid rat scratching around in my head. however, i do think getting back to half a pack or less is doable. my current plan is two fold replace some of my daily smokes with nicotine gum, and instead of having the whole pack with me out on the porch where i smoke, i keep them inside and only take 2 with me outside. when i m done i ll set a phone timer for 2 hours and not smoke until it goes off. hopefully this will get me down to around 15 or less a day at which point i ll either smoke every 3 hours or only have one at a time perhaps both! . my therapist is a big fan of the harm reduction method of dealing with substance use. yes, i know that any smoking at all is bad for me, but so is completely losing my mind and raging it s a balance. does anyone have any thoughts regarding my plan or any additional tips that may be helpful? i ve been smoking since i was a teenager now 51 so it s a deeply ingrained habit. i know i can break habits because i recently stopped smoking weed all day, every day after 29 years, though i still sometimes have a tiny edible at night to help with sleep and bad dreams. grateful for any advice or support anyone has to offer.
trigger heavy, i guess depression is back again. and i'm scared. i was doing so well. i got back to school. life was going fine. i wasted 6 years doing nothing because my mental health always gets in the way and destroys everything. but out of nowhere it all comes back again. school is getting harder day by day. the first hint of melancholy has transformed into a cold apathy and desire of self destruction. i cannot handle failure this time. not again. i usually don't self harm because i really dislike self inflicted pain even though i am a masochistic by nature but i still managed to stab straight into my cephalic vein just so i could bleed. this is not me. but i never know at what state my mood is in before it is all too late. i feel the same as always. but all the signs are there. the spark, happiness and light is gone and now i just feel this disgust. this is the darkest and most ominous my depression has ever felt even if it isn't the most severe it has been. i want to rip out my guts. bleed out all my blood. set myself on fire. just purely destroy myself. this can't go on. i can still prevent this from getting worse but i don't know who to reach out to or even that should i. everyone is too scary. i feel like i just need to hide and wait for this to pass instead of getting into trouble by talking to people. sorry if my text is a bit incoherent or rambly. i don't even want to think about these things much less write about them and it makes my brain go fucking haywire. i just need something external to tell me this is not okay because i never feel that anything is wrong even if it is hitting me in the face. be it escalated moods or bedridden depression. i just never feel my own moods.
near death experience that wasn t real so i m bipolar if that wasn t obvious from the get go and i was coming home from a trip with my mom on a plane. i had a really amazing weekend and i was feeling happy but not manic but then i started getting very sad for no reason on the way home just assumed it was another mood swing . then, i had an extremely bad delusion where i was convinced that the plane was going to crash and we were all going to die. i was laying my head on my mom s shoulder, i told her i loved her, and i just silently cried while thinking about how this is the calm before the storm. in my head i was telling myself, i can t believe we re all about to die and i m the only one who knows. i actually accepted death, and embraced it not in a suicidal way in a way that i had never ever done before and it was like i finally felt at peace. i had emotions that i had never come close to. when we experienced turbulence i closed my eyes and thought this is it, this is when it happens and waited for the screaming and the overhead announcements. i thought of the baby crying and how it never got to experience it s life and how my mom would never finish her book, how my sister would react when she found out her closest family had died. after we landed safely i felt a weird mix of disappointment and relief. i didn t want to die but i had expected it to happen so much it felt wrong that it didn t. after that i got that post delusion state where everything kind of feels like a dream for awhile. but now i feel like i had a near death experience that wasn t real and i m not sure how to move on from it. i feel like i should ve gone down with that plane and now life just seems a little off.
shocked, embarrassed amp ashamed hello everyone, my first time ever using reddit. i was first diagnosed with severe depression at the age of thirteen. in 2017, i was told that they have misdiagnosed me and i am bipolar with insomnia and anxiety. i was told that my medication is very important to keep me regulated and without it could be dangerous for my life. i refuse to take the medication because of the feeling zoned out like a zombie, incapacitated and no ambition. the breakup i experienced in 2017 seemed to have an impact on my mental health causing me to have rages of anger and outbursts verbally and physically breaking things, throwing and punching anything . recently, i have been going through overwhelming troubling events that caused me to lose everything, facing homelessness, out of my control, no family support, no job, no money, pushed away friends, and no where to go. the person that i've been dating could relate to having bipolar and understand, but i managed to destroy it. rages are heightened and outburst increasing. i've done something that brought me so much shame, embarrassment and shock. two days ago on instagram, i uploaded seven videos of me and in those videos i was having a manic tantrum attack. at that moment and in the mindset i was in didn't realize that i just showed my mental illness for the world to see, i just snapped. my inbox and notifications were sounding off rapidly like a person ring the doorbell. i snapped out of that trans and watched the videos and i immediately removed them. i turned my phone off for the day. throughout the day my mania were in and out and i haven't slept since that day. well this is who i am and wanted to share. thanks!
feeling like giving up. trigger warning abuse,suicidal this is really just a rant since i have no one to talk to and i'm tired of emotion dumping on the couple friends i have left. it's been awhile since i've hit depression this hard. at one point i had a car, a full time job, my own place, a boyfriend and friends. i sold my car last year during mania. i struggle to find a job that works for me or i dont run away from so i have very little money now. i'm looking for work again . i live at home with family and now my abusive,erratic, alcoholic brother has moved in. i'm scared for my safety but i have no where else to go. last year i got a peace order on him out of fear and didn't have to worry about him coming by but my family lashed out on me for it and threatened to put me out if i didnt take it off. my mom let's me use her extra car that she told me she'd give me but changes her mind every other week or when shes angry. shes let me live with her and help out with the house for some years not but shes tired of me and how i cant ever finish what i start. or how i hyperfixate on things but haven't made any money. she gets verbally and emotionally abusive towards me and in the past when this happens i leave but now i have no where to. this week i've been taking the car and doing everything i can to make some progress. i even made an appointment with a new therapist and filled out job applications. i'm not on medication or anything. yesterday it hit me i've been crying on and off now since last night. i feel helpless and alone. my brother moving in is the last of all i can take. i feel like i put up a solid fight but idk what i'm pushing for now. i've literally ruined my life.
my psychotherapist and my psychiatrist are almost sure i'm bipolar after long three weeks of depression and a total sudden mood elevation that's been going on for a week now, my psychotherapist and my psychiatrist and actually most of my loved ones, who aren't healthcare workers, even all think that i have bipolar type 2. my psychotherapist sent me links to educate myself on the topic and now i feel completely understood? i feel like now much much much of my crises actually make sense now?! i thought it was just normal in mdd to have sudden peaks of good mood, uninhibition, hypersexuality, agitation, euphoria, insomnia, energy, you name it. i thought it was normal for people with it, but now as i'm reading about bipolar everything make sense now????!!!!!! i'm so happy to probably have found one of my diagnoses, but it is also a lot to unpack and i'll be needing to so some work with myself to stop gaslighting my own thoughts and understand that it's all okay. i've posted about what's going on with my mental health in social media and actually found out that a lot of my friends and colleagues are bipolar as well, and they understand me so much. at first i was sad because i thought there was no one i could talk to that would understand what i was going through, but speaking what's on your mind can actually help you even reconnect as i did with old friendships. i feel a lot more in peace now, and i don't even got a diagnosis yet, but i understand now that what happens with me is common and i'm not alone. today is my 3rd day with the change of my meds from a mdd treatment to a bipolar one. still quite hypomanic but i'm positive that everything's gonna be alright in the end.
how can you explain your depressed, but there is no real reason? i have been in an ongoing depression for almost 2 years. yes i have had a few manic episodes but extremely short lived. i have bp1 and anxiety and several other things. i have no motivation to do anything. i have these ideas and know what to do, but i just can t do it. when i start it s like being in a hole with stuff constantly falling on me and i become so overwhelmed i just quit. i know people say it s laziness, and some of could be. but i know it s something that isn t right. it is starting to affect my relationship with my husband and i myself. i am at a point where i just don t have any reason to do anything. i have had a chance at several interviews but when the time approaches i can t go thru with it. it s like i m terrified of having some kind of freak out at work and that can t happen again. i have lost all motivation and i take my medication religiously. i have been stable for several years, my last hospital stay was in 2007. my medication has stayed the same, but we went out of the country for 6 weeks and i have never been the same. has anyone else just had that feeling that you know something isn t right but also terrified of talking to a psychiatrist because of medication changes. it took years to get my combo right. i have had so many reactions to most meds the thought of that just scares the hell out of me. i don t know why i felt like sharing but at least i know that everyone on here has had the experience of all the mood swings and manic and depression, it s like you can understand me. i feel like my life has become a roller coaster ride and i am starting to wonder will this ever end??
a minor adjustment to my meds. so i ve been really lucky with meds and lifestyle changes being really successful for me. i have bipolar 2 and anxiety, i ve been pretty much stable with little dips into mild depression for awhile. i was only taking gabapentin and hydroxyzine. gabapentin was the first mood stabilizer i ever tried, and it s always kept my hypomania at bay and my anxiety dialed down a little. hydroxyzine comes in for sleep and breakthrough anxiety. it works. i m productive and mostly good. but the little dips into mild depression started to string together and i feared i might go into a deep depressive episode so i just told my doctor i want to add an ssri. we re trying celexa right now. so i took it last night she said some people prefer night, some morning for the first time and couldn t sleep very well. so i m definitely going to switch to the morning from now on. i had a little stomach upset but not too bad. i slept less than i need to but i feel really good this morning. i m still on my gabapentin and hydroxyzine. and will go back to take just the hydroxyzines at night so i go back to sleeping normally. but, i don t know if it s too soon to tell, obviously it s been like 12 hours, but this morning i got up feeling really optimistic and happy to start my day. maybe this is placebo effect although i m usually skeptical that things will work or maybe i m just super lucky with things working on the first try. i don t know. just letting y all know that i m feeling optimistic and happy. i felt pretty good before, but let my doctor know even though i was stable, i was still struggling a little with depression and i m hopefully this addition works out.
just diagnosed today hi, first post to this sub. if anything i say is not allowed please let me know in a message even if you do remove the post so i can be more mindful in the future kinda nervous moving forward but today i finally went to a psych and after about an hour of talking about different thing's she settled upon one sure for diagnoses of bp2 and immediately prescribed latuda 20mg at night during dinner. i had spoken with a therapist years ago and was on trintellix and also tried zoloft which did nothing but give me headaches and the other made me rage out respectively . i found out many of the things i do in my daily life are actually symptoms of both mania and depression and that i'm going through episodes of both multiple times a day for the past 4 years that we covered. i also have chrons disease and i saw how it can affect weight and appetite, so i'm hopeful it can boost that as well as get my racing thoughts, insomnia and hyper productivity to a normal manageable level. im very leery about taking it with the experiences i've had with antipsychotics in the past, but my dr also works with my wife who is adhd and bp2, and i've seen how our dr has helped her by listening to her and not just her diagnosis. i'm on a month trial at the 20mg so hopefully no severe side effects or medication interactions and this does what it needs to. and i apologize ahead of time to those on this sub, i will most likely be spam reading a lot of your posts in the coming days just to understand different perspectives of this, cause i won't say i love it but i have a special thing about researching all i can about new things, especially medical. thank you all in advance
i m aware i might be manic right now and obviously trying to convince myself that i m not manic but having an spiritual awakening? i wrote a lot of bullshit about feeling connected to the universe on my journal half an hour ago and just read through it and it s clear that i m being way too philosophical and believe shit i normally would not, yet questioning my sanity at the same time. i also ordered a tarot deck online and it s arriving today. i am christian so this does not make sense at all! i ve also been gettin really into meditating and trying to align my chakras but all the times my mom would tell me to do that before i would sceptically tell her that it is not true why now? i also ordered a 23andme test to see where my ancestors were from cause i want to practice the magic they used to practice? make no sense but???? like i know this isn t me and i might be manic but!??? i kinda want to believe i m just happy and spiritual because i had the most awful depressive episode last month. then again, i also stopped taking my lamictal and now i m titrating back up so yeah i might actually be manic. but i ve been sleeping just fine? i mean, my sleep pattens are a mess but overall i ve been getting at least 5 hours of sleep every night! plus it s not like i m euphoric all the time? i suddenly get this waves of euphoria and need to dance? at last happy? i also have a atrong desire to go vegan to feel more connected to nature and at the same time to do keto so that i can fast easily and feel more connected to myself! i m making no sense and i know that! but i keep questioning whether i m actually manic or happy or just faking it i m honestly confused but happy?
grounding myself the forest is peaceful, being able to hear the leaves blowing in the wind. the creek dribbling down gives me reminder of how the world continues to flow. a reminder of how the world keeps going, an example of how i need to keep continue moving forward. the world is beautiful, giving me the strength to be inspired to keep flowing as the river and growth of the world. giving myself the opportunity to watch the banana trees grow and allow myself to grow with them. the path is wet but continuing my journey because not everything is perfect. to allow myself to accept the imperfect things around me. my shoes are wet from the path but i continue anyways. absorbing the beauty of my journey with and pushing through anyways. it will be worth it when i reach my destination. understanding not everything cannot be perfect at all times and accepting things will be ok. refocusing my mind on the beauty instead of complaining of the walk, or my soggy shoes. focusing on the beauty of the walk of life and connecting to the earth of my ancestors. being able to focus on the positivity and not the negativity. remembering not all walks of life will seem to be perfect. but focusing on the things that will bring me up. looking at the trees and being thankful i have had the opportunity to enjoy my surroundings. remembering to be thankful for what i have been able to experience instead of focusing on the little things that would make me uncomfortable. thank you for letting me change my outlook. thank you for allowing me to enjoy the peace. thank you to my ancestors for bringing me back to peace. thank you for allowing me to understand this is not the end.
rocky meds so to start my marriage has been very rocky and very nearly ended over the last year. my husband is struggling to make it through each day and a few times sinking into suicidal thoughts. he s overworked understaffing problems, he s law enforcement , doesn t sleep for shit, has chronic pain issues and has also struggled with depression his whole life. he is in a very very dark place and it just doesn t want to end. i do my best to help but quite often it just never seemed to be enough. just always coming up short. when we first met i was going through a really dark patch in life and he was my rock. and now when he needs one i just can t pull it together. i sank into a very dark place too. my journal entries over the last year just got deeper and deeper into the darkness. i didn t know what to do and my eternal demon of self harm became the main urge and thought in my head every single moment of every day. i called my psychiatrist and told him i just didn t think i could do this anymore, told him i m not gonna be able to pull myself out of this one. so he put me on a med to work in tandem with my mood stabilizer. i ve been on it for a few weeks now and i already feel so much better. my mood, my ability to cope and do better in many aspects of my life, handle my husband s dark times, doing things to improve the relationship itself and my anxiety is so much lower i find myself going days without having an attack. but i still find myself waiting for the other shoe to drop....... i m keeping the hope this med truly will continue to work...... if you made it this far in the post, thanks for reading. i just needed to get this out of my head.
can you relate to this type of psychosis paranoia? i have bpd borderline and ocd. i also think i have some bipolar symptoms although i'm not attempting a self diagnosis or asking for one, i'm just curious if people here can relate to these experiences. i'm 21 now, and when i was 14 while being hospitalized i went through a time for months years where i was convinced i would be some sort of steve jobs elon musk type figure. i'm pretty sure i was manic experienced grandiose delusions. i can see this now, but sometimes still have these kind of experiences, it's like i'm looking for the ultimate purpose , or meaning to my existence and it feels pretty great when i feel like i've found it for a bit but it doesn't stay that way consistently. idk how to describe it exactly but kind of like there's a missing puzzle piece, sometimes i think i've found it and feel very driven, other times it feels like the puzzle is in disarray. also i'm curious to hear from anyone who knows what it's like to dissociate, sometimes when i dissociate i'm just completely numb, but other times i think there's hints of mania... where i'm stuck in my head dissociated but planning and ruminating frantically at the same time. also things like lack of sleep drugs stress often give me extreme paranoia, normally not lasting long but sometimes months . i was concerned at one point that i might have been part of a government mind control illuminati thing and i'm still not completely sure i'm not . i've only once had an experience that i guess is a more obvious break from reality, where i heard voices mocking me.. thanks if anyone took the time to read, would like to hear thoughts
more trouble than i'm worth without going into much detail, here's a little context happily as much as bpd allows married to a wonderful man, and we have a beautiful, brilliant toddler. they're so good to for me i often feel undeserving. i've been in a depressive episode for almost 2 months med compliant, have been for 3 years. lately, i've been fucking up little, typical people things scratched the car, got scammed out of 300, letting food go bad in the fridge... they're hitting my self worth hard for no other reason than my low threshold for disappointment and my high expectations of myself. the latest thing is a creepy message left on my front door on valentine's day saying they saw me in the area and wanted to leave their number facebook in case they never saw me again.... wtf. of course my husband is pissed, and i feel like my privacy has been 100 violated. husband is so upset that he has a hard time seeing how this affects me but besides that, i feel like i'm way more trouble than i'm worth. my constant emotional turmoil, the fatigue, prescription drug costs, migraines that make me worthless for hours. i feel like i should just be alone. like the people i love shouldn't be subjected to my bullshit and have to clean up my messes or pay my debt when i die just got denied life insurance for bpd diagnosis . i have a lot of supportive people in my life, family, friends, therapist. regardless, i can't shake this worthlessness, self loathing guilt. thanks for reading if you do, just having a rough... life right now. i know this probably sounds whiny i have an objectively great life that i've worked hard for. why do i still feel so shitty?
please tell me about your first hypo manic episode. i rejected a suspected diagnosis because i'm still hoping it wasn't mania. i only recently 26 f realized i might have had more than just a good time or a sort of mild hypomanic state but not really during last summer, while caring for my so 33 m , who had a terrifying psychotic manic episode for the first time in our relationship. until now, i never once associated my... utterly unusual behavior back then with bp. it began last spring, when the fog of my life long crippling depression suddenly lifted first, i became motivated, euphoric and optimistic then, i felt like a superintellectual magic sex goddess and then finally, between summer and fall, i turned into a binge drinking, erratic mess who would stay up 3 or 4 days straight, had spent thousands of euros on chemistry textbooks, plant oils and booze, lost many important friends during the ride and ended a relationship of 5 intense years per text, only to start dating one of her ex's friends a month after. could it be that it was a one time substance induced mania as the treatment of my severe adhd had begun only a year before? methylphenidate usually eliminates my restlessness, emotional instability and impulsivity and chills me the fuck down. i can easily fall asleep at night, one two hours after taking 30mg. i do have episodically recurring insomnia since childhood though, which occurs seemingly independently from medication. but still... does it really sound like the beginning of bp to you? does something like an one time mania due to adhd meds and or excessive use of cannabis exist? how did your first mania evolve? please tell.
i need a support system and i'm scared of myself i'm 30f. been diagnosed since i was 14. by several doctors. my parents never agreed as if there's something to agree on a medical diagnosis so i was unmedicated for most of my life so far. this gave me a lot of time to figure when a phase was coming, what triggers it, but also a lot of time to do stuff i shouldn't, which hindered me greatly. because of that, i only started living on my own when i was 24, and that's when i started medication. to help with all this i have pcos which triggers depression and long periods which trigger anemia , so when i get my period i get depressive episodes and i am physically exhausted and depleted. which causes me to sleep more, which causes me to go further into depression. my bf does his best to understand but it's all a bit beyond his grasp. my parents still don't recognize my situation, so they are of no support for me. i don't have many friends, and only one of them is actually supportive, but she has a rough life and is usually busy with lots of work or something similar. so, i'm on my own. i want to straighten up my sleep schedules, but i know i can only do that by decreasing the amount of sleep drastically, which will trigger a maniac episode. it's mostly mixed, not generally full blown mania, but it does get there sometimes and it's like a kinder egg, you only know what you got when you open the box. so it can either go let's get the house deep cleaned or let's blow up our credit card, take on 76 projects i won't complete and f ck the neighborhood . you never know. so i'm scared to get my sh!t together, basically. and i feel lonely in all this...
that darn facebook this is just a vent, fyi. after fiiiinally finding the right med combination about two years ago, i'm finally getting my shit together, getting things done, and living the kind of normal life i've always wanted. for the first time ever, i'm really proud of myself. i usually just lurk on facebook, but i felt the need to do a little bragging and let people know that my life is changing, and i'm happy about it. like most people, my facebook friends list is an assortment of old classmates, former coworkers, family, and some randoms i can't quite place. a handful of these are people i speak to in real life on a regular basis. i got zero replies or feedback from anyone. i'm a little hurt and annoyed c'mon, guys, i give you courtesy likes for pictures of your average kids and stupid dogs but not too terribly surprised. 99 of these people only ever knew me when i was un improperly medicated and a total fucking mess. it's kind of a relief, though, too, because now i no longer feel obligated hand out those courtesy likes for dumb fucking shit that i don't care about. i already knew, on an intellectual level, that these people aren't really my friends at least not anymore and give as much of a shit about me as i do about them so, none , but i feel like now that i've confirmed that, i can just relax and go about my business. i'm still proud of myself for what i've accomplished so far, and not having that recognized on social media doesn't change that. i guess it's just hard knowing that no matter how much positive change i make in my life, the people who only ever saw the old me will never really see the new me. vent over.
i am worried i actually don't want to get better hi everyone, i have been seeing the same therapist for almost two months now. while i think we are working well together, i am getting the feeling that i am repeating myself every session. i just can't help but overthink my whole life. this tends to obsessively question my career, constant negative self talk, and occasional suicidal ideation although i could never take action, so its mostly more self torture . i'm eating maybe 1 to 2 meals a day, inconsistently showering, never doing laundry, and so lethargic that i mostly just lay down and watch tv youtube whenever i get home from work. i don't take walks, i don't try to think positively, i don't really exercise, i don't practice gratefulness, etc etc. i feel like a loser, but the thing is...i don't make any effort to change or feel better. my therapist keeps clearly telling me this rumination is simply not beneficial. i know this is true, but it feels impossible to stop. i can't feel better without taking action again, total agreement with my therapist , but taking action is so hard. its getting to the point where i am thinking i am comfy in my misery. i no longer have hypomanic phases thanks to medication, but at least when i was hypomanic i was putting in effort to better myself. this nonstop depression is so consistent, i am beginning to hypothesize that its not really depression, but me continuously self sabotaging myself and always blaming it on something external. can anyone relate? would you say this is just more negative rumination or overthinking? if not, how does one shake the refusal to take action for their own sake?
lamictal brain edit my doctor already agreed that i can try a lower dose of lamictal, but he generally lets me decide what i want to do when it comes to meds since nobody else could figure me out. please stop deleting this. so basically med induced stupidity is ruining my life. being smart is my thing, it s the only thing i have going for me pretty much. i ve been labeled a genius with a 140 iq for my entire life and now i can t do basic math. i m freaking out, it s so bad i might actually flunk out of school at this rate. i ve been on lamictal for years and always knew it made my memory and cognition worse, but it never was that big of a problem because i wasn t doing anything that hard. all of that changed this year when i went back to studying computer science in college, something that i was always good at. but now i can t do anything, and i mean that. i can t remember anything for more than ten seconds, it takes me 10x how much time it should for me to learn anything and my brain just doesn t work. i m a month behind in both of my stem classes. even when i was in a mixed psychotic episode i was 10x smarter than this, hell even when i was hospitalized i was smarter than this! so i know for sure that it is the meds causing this, not the disorder itself. i m scared of stopping it completely but i want to at least try cutting the dose. my psychiatrist agreed that it could potentially help, but he also pretty much said he doesn t know much about it. i used take 400 and going down to 200 helped a little, so i m planning on going down to 100. has anybody successfully regained some of their brain power by lowering their dose?
distraught over symptoms and diagnosis i was diagnosed with bipolar 1 over summer after being hospitalised for a manic episode where i became acutely psychotic. since then i ve experience a mixed episode,during which i displayed psychotic symptoms and have been pretty stable for about two weeks. last week i became really paranoid for a few days. i feel very suspicious of my parents, who i live with, and kept thinking they had been altered and weren t their original selves. i also had several auditory hallucinations for just one day. this whole this is extremely worrying as i have been violent when psychotic before if i feel my life s in danger, i ll fight and have assaulted staff . i have a great mh team but i m hiding things from them, i don t want to tell them about potential psychotic stuff because i can t face it, i can t face them suggesting i m schizoaffective or prone to psychosis or this is going to happen again. i just don t want to even think about it. i don t want this to be happening. i ve worked hard to get into university and want to get my degree and not be sick already been signed off for like two month drs orders . i think if they suggest i might be regularly psychotic or more than bp which i m already struggling with i might end it. i don t want to put people through episodes time and time again, the last ones were hellish enough and it s not fair. i m drinking to cope but am epileptic and constantly consumed by guilt. my parents are away for two weeks and i ve asked for them to be cut out i m my care updates whilst they re away so they can enjoy their holiday. i don t know what to do. i don t want this.
therapy for bipolar? hi! i'm asking on behalf of my non tech mum. she is over 50, she was diagnosed with bpd just last year. she started having symptomes after her thyroid was removed due to the risk of cancer and she is on thyroid hormones. she was always more on the maniac side and by this i mean never depressed, always energetic and doing more things at once than one person could be capable of. then the first depression came, then again she was up with her mood and from that time the extreme swings started, finally causing a 3 months long deep depressive state. so she went to psychiatrist some professor someone reccomended her who prescribed her some meds idk exactly what, but something more like a 1st generation lithium thing? . he told she does not need to go to the therapy as this is purely physical like the chemicals in the brain thing, not managable with therapy. at first there was a huge improvement after just two weeks and it lasted about six months of really minor swings and neutral state. but now she is back at the deep depression state and i am worried that meds are not right. i know absolutelty nothing about bipolar other than what internet taught me, but i have a feeling that a those meds might not be well suited for her? b she should at least try therapy? she obv does not want to go to any other doctor, she kinda feels uncurable at this point and even blames herself for the state, and blindly listens to the professor with years of experience . idk, can you hint me with things that worked for you so i can try and advise her on? would therapy be useful? and if so, what type of therapy? thank you in advance
not sure what it is... hi everyone. i'm new here as i've recently been diagnosed i say it like that because its suspected that i have it with bipolar 2. i was put on lithium and built up to 900 ? mg over the course of 9 days i believe 300 for 2 days, 600 for another 2, then 900 for 5 days followed by blood work after the 5th day . however, after the second day of 900 i started feeling what i believe is hypomania ? only to feel completely cluttered and confused after a few hours, resulting in me feeling rather scared. a few days later, i gradually became more and more agitated, hostile, and on edge for the most part. brain zaps , knowing what they are as i've experienced them minimally in the past, are a constant thing now and are the most severe i've felt them. i go through moments where i feel like crying my eyes out because this whole thing feels so uncomfortable that its practically painful. the urge to cry also hits hard when i'm listening to music, which i've been doing a lot btw. also with music, i feel that its the only thing that calms me down somewhat. yet it also hypes me up and makes me feel great. but that's somewhat besides the point i guess. i reached out to my doctor about this a few days ago and she wanted me to get off of the lithium. its been 2 days now, maybe more, and i'm not sure if lithium was even the problem. as a matter of fact, i have no clue as to what it could be, seeing as i've never felt this way before. yes, i have been euphorically happy and hypomanic as well as severely depressed, but i have no clue if its the bipolar 2, or the lithium. anybody have any ideas as to what it could be?
what to do? i'm on an upswing, and i think i'm way too high into the swing now. i got pretty much zero sleep yesterday and i've just been gogogo since yesterday morning. like super intense in everybody else's faces passive aggressive get the f ck outta my way on a freakin' mission. i feel like i'm going to explode at the first person who opposes me but i'm also super excited and happy about everything and i just have so many great awesome ideas on how to improve my business and diversify my market to i really am going to change my industry if i could only grasp and hold on to some of these ideas for more than a god damned second. but man they're going way too fast i cant even write them down but i can feel that they're great ideas! everything is just speaking to me so clearly and everything makes sense now and everyone knows i have these great ideas and wants to hear them. but i know i'm manic and i know some of this is exaggerated but i don't know where that line is. i don't know if i want to know where that line is. why should i stop? why should i filter myself or slow myself down just for the rest of them? but i can hear it in my hubby's voice that i need to dial it back a bit at least. i don't know if i can though. i don't even remember what i was going to ask anymore so i don't know if anyone could make sense of this and figure it out and read between the lines but i feel like i have a deep connection with all of you so i think you guys know what i'm saying. i totally love you guys, like love love. like i'm pretty sure i would be jumping all of you guys lol. cool beans, good talk. have fun tip your waitress
new job schedule is triggering my hypomania i have a part time job on some days where i usually work from 5 9 pm and get home at 10 to go to sleep. but i just started a new full time 8 am 4 pm job m f. because of the distance i have to be at the bus stop around 7 am. i know this is risky, but i really could use the money. my family was bad with money, so i have security issues about not having enough cash in the bank. the first few days were a little rough because my body wasn't used to the schedule change. getting out of bed was a struggle. but after a few days of that i woke up with the most sublime energy, the kind that begs to be released and shown to the world. my first thought was fuck yeah, i'm all better now! my thought process is still accelerating to generate all these new ideas. one day i'm going to write essays on my leftist theories on the occult don't worry, they make sense to me for some kind of publication and get famous. but i don't have the patience to sit down and read any relevant literature i just can't go fast enough and i want to throw the book across the room. i've also started another goal to lose weight because i realized i don't need as much fuel to stay energetic as i thought i did. i think the moment i realized i was hypomanic was the hypersexuality, the symptom i'm most ashamed of, as i'm usually a very disciplined and self controlled person. i think the major reason why i didn't end up acting on those impulses later that night i had the night off was that my back was in a lot of pain and i had to be still ugh the rest of the night. god, this is so frustrating. and disappointing.
wellbutrin making me suicidal? i am a bipolar 18 year old and i have had suicidal thoughts since i was 11, but until a few months ago i was thought to just have severe unipolar depression. i went on 300mg of effexor, which worked wonders for my depression, but made me extremely manic. i went off of it and was on nothing for a month after the initial effexor withdrawal which is not fun . last week i got put on 150mg of wellbutrin bupropion and 12.5mg of lamictal although i m eventually gonna increase to 25mg and ever since the first day of starting this my suicidal thoughts have been through the roof. i m still waiting it out to see if things will get better but i keep getting worse every day. i can t tell if it s the medicine or just my life that s making me feel this way, since it s been pretty awful lately, i have absolutely no friends at all, my dad is dying, i may have a permanent std, i get harassed by men almost on a daily basis, i either get terrible nightmares and sleep paralysis every night or i just don t sleep, i can t leave my dorm without getting extremely irritated by everyone because i can t stand noise, i m always in constant fear that i m gonna gain weight, and more. i m scared to switch medications because 1 i m tired of them just making me worse and 2 i know a lot of antidepressants, especially the ones used to treat bipolar, cause weight gain and i absolutely cannot have that because i know it sounds stupid and shallow but i m conventionally attractive and thin and that s literally the only thing that brings me comfort and keeps me going. should i just stay on wellbutrin and wait it out?
update i have a 2nd job interview tomorrow today was a heck of a day. i applied for this radio station job last week with the expectation that i would work part time doing the news and some office work. it's not my ideal dream scenario but it's a job in radio, which i love more than anything else. i walked into the interview today and knocked it out of the park. so much so that the owner is going a completely different direction with me. he offered me a morning drive show simulcast on two of their stations. they've never done a live, local show on this radio station. like...ever. i wrote this in my initial post, but getting into radio was part of my therapy and mental well being. the idea was that if i did something i loved that mentally creatively stimulated me then i would be prone to having fewer episodes and just be in a better place overall. this proved to mostly work. i was able to be creative to a point but i was still restricted by someone else's parameters. this new job would offer me the chance to build something from the ground up. it's giving me the opportunity to build my own brand. i've always looked at radio as a form of art and i've just been given a blank canvas. my wife didn't know how to handle me when i came home today. she hasn't seen me like this in over a year. my moods haven't really cycled they've pretty much been low and lower. i feel higher than i've felt in a really long time. she couldn't stop smiling and hugging me. i just wanted to share this news with someone. i've been under this dark cloud for so long and it's nice to feel good about something for once. thanks for reading.
what would you do if the one medication that saved your life gave you a debilitating illness? lamictal is the only thing that has ever helped me. lamictal saved me. i have been on everything under the sun and i owe my life to lamictal helping me. but it also gave me a recurring, disabling fever condition. i get recurring fevers once a month around 101 104 degrees, they last 2 weeks, and my only symptoms are cold sweats, chills, and really awful flu like aches. this condition leaves me housebound half of my life because its like having the flu constantly. i have done extensive testing for this through a rheumatologist. my periodic fever syndrome started after starting lamictal 3.5 years ago. it started exactly a month in as i titrated up the dose. i am 99.9 sure it's tied to the medication, and my rheumatologist thinks that's very likely. i've had 6 attempts of getting off lamictal, and i absolutely cant and possibly never will be able to get off of it, so i'm stuck. it helps me too much, so i end up suicidal lowering my dose. rheumatologist started treating me for the fever syndrome anyway in case treating the inflammation would help, but i've only had a slight reduction in symptoms. psychiatrist says there's really nothing else for me to switch to with my history of everything i've tried, and it's down to either getting off or finding a way to treat my fevers. i take lithium as well, but it doesn't help depression like lamictal does apparently 5 of people who take lamictal have periodic fevers as a symptom, and even lamictal induced lupus is a thing which is terrifying. i don't know where to go from here.
i'm not sure if i should go to the hospital sorry in advance if this is kind of disjointed, i admit i'm kind of having a hard time stringing a coherent sentence together right now. i'm trying to determine if i should go ahead and go to the hospital or wait until my psychiatrist appointment on the 19th. when i went on the last day of february, they rx'd 25mg of seroquel. i felt it was kind of low, considering i was reporting hearing noises that weren't there children laughing, lots of random noises, turning to see things and they aren't there . my psychiatrist said maybe i was misinterpreting geese or other random noises, but geese don't sound like young kids laughing imho. i'm mostly not wanting able to leave the house becaue i frequently feel like i'm being watched people are video taping me outside. since then i've also had two major episodes of dissociation that felt very extreme. i feel very anxious when i go places because i feel like i'm being watched, but she said maybe it's just anxiety. i feel horrible most days, and i can't sleep a lot of the time one night i got 3 hours . today i actually feel much better still awful, but in comparison it feels so much less worse . i don't feel suicidal, but i'm at a loss for not being able to leave the house for months. i can't live forever like this, and if it's 60 days between appointments and they give me medicine that wont' work every time, i dunno what to do. i'm just not sure about the hospital, i feel like i'm being dramatic and i'm not sick enough. like, today i don't feel as bad as i did saturday, so what if i'm getting better? even though i'm 90 not
excruciating manic episodes. is this normal? after having many manic episodes which i tried to hide , i was diagnosed with bipolar 1. rapid cycle. mixed state mania. all that jazz... what i experience doesn't seem to be consistent with what many other people feel. before a full blown manic episode i feel great, all my problems melt away and i hardly sleep at all. this makes sense to me. once i pass that phase, things become very extreme. i can only describe it as absolutely excruciating, like being in hell. like i'm on a ton of amphetamines and the most extreme anxiety i have ever experience. it never stops or takes a break. i never sleep or even sit down. all i can do is pace around my house all day and night for days on end. my heart is beats out of my chest the entire time. it breaks me and i'll do anything for relief. the last time i was manic, after taking seroquel for a few days, it brought me down to a point where i felt like i was on cocaine all the time. that i could attleat tolerate. does anyone else have horrific manic experiences?? this doesn't seem to be consistent with everything i've read, and it's been bothering me for years. i'd appreciate any input. thanks! amp x200b on a positive note, i haven't had a manic episode for almost a year. 300mg of lamotrigine does a great job keeping me down. vraylar was very effective as well, but the side effects were more than i could handle. i now take bupropion for depression which almost pushed me into mania once when i was on a lower dose of lamotrigine. before i was diagnosed, prozac pushed me into the worst manic episode i had ever experienced.
could i have bipolar instead? hey there. my psychology assignment for my final term is to research an illness of which i chose bipolar. i chose this because my dad is diagnosed with bipolar and i wanted to learn more. looking at it has made me start questioning my own mind as well. i have recently been diagnosed with adhd pi. however, doing research i've found that adhd and bd can be mistaken for eachother sometimes because of similar symptoms. bd runs in my family through my dad and yet i'm not aware of anyone else in my family with adhd, which is supposedly hereditary as well. i have also had issues with depression and self destructive tendencies for a long time. history of alcoholism and pseudo substance abuse after failing school for 3 years and a seemingly innate ability to tell myself that i will never succeed and that i do not deserve anything other than misery and seemingly becoming hellbent on proving that voice right. however, while i do feel that i have cycles where suddenly out of nowhere i'll just get depressed and basically zombified for a period of time, i don't feel that the mania symptoms strike me at all. i do have periods where i will suddenly be very happy and everything is great, silver linings in everything and sign up for lots of different clubs or take new courses etc. but i've seen it state an increased or grandiose sense of worth, or feeling that you are good at everything, and i have never experienced that i guess. am i just being a hypochondriac or is this something that any of you can relate to? i don't really know if i'm just being in my head or not. thanks for reading.
i found what i was looking for i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in april 2012. i've struggled with the illness since i was twelve years old, and initially i was diagnosed with unipolar depression. i've been hospitalized more than ten times. i've been suicidal countless times. without my medication i experience so many manic breakdowns breakdowns that are terrifying. i came to terms with my illness in october 2016, after losing someone that i love with all my heart. when this person severed our relationship, i realized that i needed my medication to make the paranoia, the delusions, and the recklessness go away. it was through this loss that i saw the light. but, it was as of recently that i realized the way i treated people and myself, and my perspective in life was also unacceptable. i have a strong support network, but i disclosed everything under the sun to anyone who would listen which is not good for anyone's self esteem. i was the proverbial empty barrel that made noise all the contents of my barrel would spill out into the ocean that is life. i was unable to love myself, so i sought that love in others. i revealed everything about myself in the hope that someone else could soothe my pain, only to scare away people that just wanted a healthy relationship with me. i am sharing my story because medication saved me from the mania, but it was mindfulness that saved me from myself. i realized all the love i need is within myself, and that i don't need to turn to others to soothe my emotions when meditation coupled with medication can lead one to find the peace and bliss we are all looking for.
dealing with this condition. hello everyone! this is my first time posting in this group. i was diagnosed with bp2 after struggling for years with depression and supposedly mania also. but i was also diagnosed with adhd a little over a month ago. both felt like i was diagnosed relatively quickly. idk if that s a good or bad thing. my depression has always been bad especially in my teens but my best friend died of suicide when i was 18 and it got worse from there. im currently 21 and have no will or desire to pretty much live not suicidal i think life just seems pointless when im always depressed, i have zero motivation to do anything. im in therapy but it feels like it s not helping. i was recently put on vyvanse to help with my supposed adhd diagnosis. it s helped with my motivation a little but hasnt really done much. and every anti depressant psychotic has either made me worse or done the bare minimum which is keeping me alive. ive been on 5 different medications since my bp2 diagnosis 2 years ago. ive had maybe 2 or 3 hypo manic phases since my diagnosis but their never anything more than a day or 2 of euphoria and more motivation and a splash of poor impulsive decision making. i don t really know where i m going with this other than how the fuck do you guys deal with this? my lifes been at a complete stand still since i was around 16 17. i have no diploma, no job and not a single desire to pretty much be a human at this point. sorry for the long post i just figured i d give an insight to what life is for me. any help advice is much appreciated since i feel so alone and like no one understands.
my boyfriend is suicidal over tinitus hey peeps. i was wondering if any of you have had these same side affects. my bf has bipolar type one and for a long time he was on ... mirtazopine? he was taking it for years. back then, they said that he was scitzo affect. last summer, he had a manic break, i had to hospitalize him and he was finally diagnosed with bipolar type one. they then took him off that and put him on abilify and klonopin. the abilify was giving him akathasia so they gave him the klonopin. after a while, as all mental health people seem to do, is he went off his medication. this apparently by the doc was ok. since hes type one, if he leads a healthy lifestyle, he wont get manic again and wouldnt need an anti psychotic. great. thats what he wanted anyways. so after a while after being off medications, he get a ringing in his ears. apparently this is a somewhat common side affect. he figured if he could just tough it out, his brain would fix itself. he stayed off everything for 4 months apart from his blood pressure meds, but he finally broke and became upset, suicidal and started drinking. he then took a klonopin and it made the t's go away. looking into it, its a glutamate inhibitor to level out with his gaba. this would then make me think maybe hes addicted to klonopin , but he goes off it for months and then breaks down to take more again. 2mg makes it go away completely, and .5 makes in bearable. i feel so lost. he now wants to seek medically asisted euthenasia and refuses to go see the psychiatrist because he thinks they caused his t's. has anyone else here gone through this?
i think the police are coming last night i took my normal medication and vitamins for bipolar i. then i started the shower on 100 hot. i pulled out. few other medications just 2ish doses and took them. i just wanted to see what it could feel like. i showered nice and hot i'm a girl so the fires of hell would be comfortable lol , then laid down and listens to my playlist. the steamy bathroom and songs i love felt good. my husband woke up at 1am to use the restroom and asked me' what the hell are you doing? then moved on. i have been hiding this for so long. thinking and planning and trying to figure things out. on my way to work he told me to drop my attitude and i lost it and told him everything. everything i've kept secret for 9 months. i told him my final plan and what i'd done. he told me to go home or he'd call the police to my work. so i kept on going to work. he's not my master. but i don't want them to take me. i have a degree in psychology and this isn't my first, or fifth run of this. i know what to say to stay out. but this is the first time a family member has called. i don't want to go. it won't help or change how i feel. i have an amazing therapist, psychiatrist, and dr. i'm not emotional or desperate. i just don't want to try every day like this. trying to look and act normal and happy. yesterday my husband and mother in law told me i'm doing a shit job covering it. so what's the point anyways? i can't hide it. no one wants to hear it. i told my husband i want his support, but the only thing he will say is he is calling the police. so maybe they are coming, maybe not.
my friend is bipolar and suicidal, asking for advice hey so a few months ago a good friend of mine, after a night of drinking told me had been planning to kill himself on april 8th but wasn't going to anymore. it is clear he was thinking about this when he was in a low state and he was definitely more manic at that point when we were talking. he has been starting to understand his own ebbs and flows. he texted me the other day after cancelling on me telling me that he was emotionally drained after this past weekend and needed some space. i've made sure he knows i care about him and i am here for him and have tried to be respectful of his space, but also, april 8th is this weekend and i know he is in a depressive state. my only slip up was i messaged him about a possible trip together, but realized that might have been more overwhelming. i want to make sure i see him this weekend. it's going to be a rough weekend for me, my great aunt passed away, so her wake and funeral is this saturday morning. i was thinking of messaging him hey, i'm sorry to be messaging you so much. i'm going to be home this weekend and it's kind of looks to be a rough one. it would be really good to see you. i'll be around saturday night or sunday if you could swing it. do you think this will also be overwhelming? should i just mention i'll be around and not my personal stuff that he might feel like he has to take on? i don't want to just show up at his house but i'm not above it. would love your thoughts on how you would either best approach this or how you'd feel most comfortable in his shoes. thanks lt 3
i am sober 72 days and trying to resist ending my sobriety. i am no longer taking my meds right and going to buy weed. where do i turn to for help? story inside i recently went through a very distressing breakup where he cut me out of his life completely. i don't have any family or friends to call, they all tell me to talk to a professional. so i blocked them. no sense causing strife. my psych doctor doesn't answer emails, my family doctor doesn't have an email or phone number, my therapist doesn't give out her number or respond to emails. i don't know where to turn in crisis. the wait at my er is 12 hours or more. i don't have a sponsor yet or anyone from aa to call. meetings make me sad because i am not ruining my life with alcohol, i have nothing to ruin even if i tried. bipolar takes those things away from you. i really want to go buy it. everyone tells me not to drink but doesn't want to support me when times get hard. i understand they have their own problems, and it's not personal, but i need help. i only fucking stopped drinking beduse a psych doctor said it would help my moods and how my drugs process through my body but i've never felt worse. it's been 72 days and no end in sight for the pain. i am no longer taking my meds right and going to buy weed. i am done. i will take the psychosis risk. i'll take maniam where do i go? is there a helpline i can call when i need immediate support to not buy alcohol? i don't feel suicidal, so i'm not sure if that is acceptable. let me repeat in caps. i do not feel suicidal i am in pain and self destructive. there is a difference.
am i ruining my friendships or are they abandoning me? some suicidal ideations... i moved to a new city in august and immediately made a band of friends in the form of coworkers. i recently left this job for something better and at first they were still there, still able to hang out, etc. but, now the closest one has stopped talking to me, going as far as ignoring me on my birthday when we had made plans to get banh mi. that s all i wanted. still haven t heard from her, it s been a month. there s one who isn t too busy or tired who will go out of their way. in fact, i just saw her this afternoon. but, looking at their instagram story, i see they met up with two of our mutual friends and went to a place i love and wanted to go to this morning but didn t have time. i told them this today. what gives? i make an effort to make plans but usually, no one wants to do it when it comes time. my partner from out of state was in town and they share the same friends. only two, a couple, made some time for us during the few days he was here. this also happened before he moved. i m confused. i stay in my room and do nothing. i m starting to have suicidal ideations again and panic attacks in bed about dying. so, i feel like i m a burden and should kill myself to save the torment of existing but the idea of dying petrifies me. now it s controlling my sleep. help. in between insurance enrollments so i can t see a doctor until may. tl dr friends have suddenly vanished while i was on my high. it s like pulling teeth to get anyone to see me and all i do is waste away in my room, wanting to die.
latuda 60mgs, lamictal just started working way up to 100mgs , lexapro 15mgs 2x a day, buspirone 15mgs 2x a day and weight gain let it be said that i work out with a personal trainer 3x a week. my job is sedentary office job but i have a standing desk which i've just recently started standing at after lunch break. i'm doing the whole keto diet for a year and granted i haven't been a saint on it, i've had cheat meals on weekends and little treats here and there also used to drink but have cut that out and used to smoke but quit that as well but for the most part have been keeping my carbs under 50g per day and ideally i want it to be at 25g or under. my caloric restriction is at 1,425, i'm female, 5'4 and last month i weighed myself at 147lbs. i started off last year being at 137lbs before working out 3x per day and before being switched around between many different anti psychotics bipolar 2 which is much more ideal and my goal weight is 125 130lbs. i understand it's going to take time...but i'm becoming impatient. i religiously write down everything that goes into my mouth and count my macros. my weight has done nothing but go up and i understand muscle weighs more than fat but i have a pudgy stomach, full face, and i can't seem to go down in weight. i will be more than happy to provide a weekly macro sheet if that would help any of you but i'm desperate for any advice, suggestions, or just telling me to calm the fuck down and just be patient . also, i have started running 5k's and try to run at least 3 miles of my off training days. thanks for reading and for any feedback!
lowering the doses of my meds, fairly mild triggers for most of my life i have been on huge doses of a lot of medications which made me slow, clumsy, and stupid. i am not like any of those things naturally. i have been terrified of changing anything because it almost always leads to suicidal urges and self harm. when my previous psychiatrist changed me from risperdal to geodon i had a manic episode that lasted several months. i ended up in the hospital, 5150, suicide attempt, lots of cutting. when she put me on serroquel, i had such bad vertigo and extreme sedation that i stumbled into a wall and broke my nose. i changed to a new psychiatrist about 3 months ago. she wanted to to start reducing my meds. i was willing to try because of the effing side effects and also the fact that the meds don't begin to control my symptoms. we lowered lamictal waaaay too fast, long story. i was off it for about 2 weeks after taking 400mg a day for many years. i just went nuts when it was all out of my system. i felt suicidal urges that seemed uncontrollable and like i might try, though it was against my will. i cut myself up. my dearest husband has worked from home for the last 3 weeks, keeping me safe. i'm now on 100mg of lamictal and i'm hypomanic. i feel awesome. everything has calmed down and this dose feels good. i'm more alert and i have some energy. i'm scared about what it will be like to reduce some of my other meds, but i want to do it. has anybody else had trouble changing meds or doses of meds? is my body just freaky? these last few weeks have been hell. sorry this is so long!
when did you realize your bipolar disorder hit a new level? i was diagnosed at 15 and began my adventures with finding the right medications. i m 32 and i m still on my adventure, as frustrating as that can be sometimes. it was about ten years ago that i hear bipolar disorder is a progressive mental illness. i scoffed at it i had been at the same level of mental illness from the start. then all of a sudden, three years ago, all hell broke loose. i became insanely manic. i was hallucinating and ocd tendencies came out of nowhere. i was convinced that the planes that crashed into the 9 11 towers were going to crash into my home and the only way to stop them was to lock and unlock and lock my door again. after what felt like forever, that manic phase passed and i had the realization that i had hit a new level of my mental illness. my manic phases have become a monster of their own i was never nearly this bad before. the lows are deeper, the suicidal thoughts have gotten more frequent though i would never ever follow through i love my kids too much . everything thing feels so much bigger, if that makes sense. what was now something in the back of my head as a teenager, yeah i have bipolar disorder but i never even think about it, i m too busy living my life. has now become my biggest priority to keep in check and it s almost all i think about. managing my mental health is first and foremost and uncontrollable no matter how much medication i take. has anyone had the same experience? if so, when did you notice your bipolar disorder becoming stronger for lack of better words.
xpost from r bipolar weird experience with latuda monotherapy? advice? throwaway account cause i don't really use reddit, i just needed some advice i was diagnosed with bipolar 2 about a month ago and started taking latuda about 20 days ago. the initial 20mg dosage gradually killed my at the time current hypomanic episode within a week, which was fantastic! i also noticed some, but not all, depressive feelings being held at bay, which was nice, if not quite optimal. however, i bumped up to 30mg about a week ago, and 2 days after that, i had a psychotic episode until the next morning i felt incredibly debilitating dissociative symptoms and i felt like my body was acting seperately from my mind in a way that was trying to kill me. i couldnt really talk, and mentally, i felt completely void and couldnt form a coherent thought. my experience was a lot like that of this blog post https blogs.psychcentral.com bipolar mom 2012 03 i had a medication induced psychotic episode . since i have bp2, mania with that much cognitive and physical impairment isn't really normal for me. anyways, after that experience my psychiatrist recommended that i cut back to 20mg latuda which seemed to help with hypomania to some degree until the end of the college semester, and we planned to experiment with med cocktails after the summer. with all this in mind, i'd like to have some sort of plan going forward. is there a safe way i can continue to ramp up my latuda dose i.e. in conjunction with a stronger antimanic agent like lithium ? or should i quit latuda and try a different drug entirely?
how fmt cured my bipolar 1 disorder fecal microbiota transplant hi all. i experimented with home fmt under the guidance of my excellent psychiatrist. it was a phenomenal success. after 18 years of hell continuous unrelenting and completely debilitating depression, interdispersed with frequent psychotic manic episodes. i had been hospitalised over a dozen times and had extremely low functionality. then in november 2016 i started home fmt. no improvement for 3 months, then i experienced an exponential decrease in all my symptoms. within 6 months i was 100 symptom free, and was so well my psychiatrist agreed to take me off all medication. that was 14 months ago and i'm still 100 symptom free. no depression in any level for 19 months, no mania for 14 months. my intense anxiety and social phobia has completely disappeared. my stress tolerance is still increasing. i am now a highly functioning completely well person. it was miraculous. there is currently a clinical trial underway in canada headed by dr valerie taylor of the womens college hospital trialling fmt for bipolar depression. my psychiatrist is soon to write my case study up in the australian new zealand journal of psychiatry and ill soon be featured in a feature length documentary. here is a link to my story on australian national tv. since then june 2017 i've also been able to lose 18kgs. the weight was a side effect of the anti psychotics i was on which i am gratefully no longer on. targeting the microbiome to treat mood disorders is the medicine of the future... the near future. https youtu.be gmjy5yehz5q
bad inpatient stories? i ve been hospitalized twice as a teenager in a youth ward and twice as an adult. the last time was at fairfax behavioral hospital in kirkland, wa and it was abusive as hell. everything about why i was there was horribly exaggerated, and they lied about me when i went to court so i got legally committed to two weeks unless a doctor signed me out. they literally said because i took so long with the strip search because i ve been raped quite a few times but you know, they didn t mention that part , that i couldn t handle interacting with anyone right now and i was still obviously in an extreme crisis and i might injure someone else. i wasn t even in an episode lmao, i was fine after two days of being there, and i ve never been a violent person? but go off i guess. a lot of other shitty things happened and they got my hopes up and said i could leave one day, but then they were like nah you re gonna stay for another few days for no reason i told them it s illegal to hold me when i m not in a crisis and they were like haha ok try to leave then . when it was my day to leave, my case worker lost necessary paperwork and then went on a two hour lunch and my psychiatrist didn t have time to write my prescriptions . i ended up leaving the facility at 7pm when my exit time was 2 30pm. not trying to bring up bad memories, but i m curious to know if it s more common to have extremely negative experiences rather than positive ones. so, does anyone have any super shitty inpatient experiences? also, where is the facility located? if you re comfortable
my new insurance considers my meds preventative so i thought this was interesting and also maybe a little sign of attitudes towards mental health changing. i got new insurance and was looking through the list of preventative medications, the ones covered at 100 and don't cost you anything, to see if anything i was taking was on the list. it never is, but always worth a check. first i searched depakote. to my surprise it was listed, but as an epilepsy medication. my first thought was whether or not they knew i wouldn't be taking it for epilepsy and i would get away with getting it for free! next i searched for cymbalta, and it was there! listed as an antidepressant. in fact they had nearly all your antidepressants on there. lithium is on the list and even some anti anxiety meds. sure enough, when i filled my prescriptions, they were free. i mean it makes good business sense. i am more expensive if i end up in the hospital. just like quitting smoking drugs are frequently covered because you're a lower risk if you quit. for some reason it just made me feel good. like hey, it's just an illness and we know you need meds to keep it under control. no big deal. or something. it also made me very people for everyone under this plan because while i do not currently have any issues paying for my meds, i know what it's like to be in that position and it's horrible. it's nice to know everyone i work with who needs this kind of medication can get it and maybe this is a new trend we will start seeing with insurance companies like smoking cessation drugs. fingers crossed.
impulse control issues i'm 27f having serious issues with impulse control. so much so that since i've started my new job, my motto has been the less i talk, the better . so i've been making sure to hold on on words as much as possible. i'm really anxious in general in my social interactions because i seek constant reassurance and approbation, that it's not hard for me not to talk when i'm anxious. i've been at my new job for a little more than a year now, and i'm starting to relax around people. i'm more comfortable. and more comfortable means losing my filter slowly. i surprise myself with my reactions that are out of proportion, and it surprises people whom have known me as someone really silent. my personality? i talk a lot. i can be very insensitive and agressive. i will do everything i need to be better than whoever is around me. i want to be prettier, the nicest, the funniest, the sweetest, the most intelligent. but that takes constant control. so when i lose it, i go fucking rogue. i have a very hard time controlling what i say cause my impulse control is absolutely shit. i don't know what to do. cause that's when people start to lose respect toward me. and that's also when people start to despise me. i want to avoid it as much as possible cause my new job is my dream job and i've been doing amazing until now. i don't want to ruin it by literally being myself and blunt. when i'm blunt, the things i say are inexact and stupid. what can i do? counting to 3 before speaking is impossible, i can't do it. i forget about it as soon as i enter the world...
choice theory tl dr should i read choice theory or should i change therapists? so, my therapist has suggested that i read choice theory by william glasser... i used a credit on audible to get it, it is a little over 12 hours long... i haven't started it yet, but what i have read about choice theory tells me i will disagree with a main premise, which my therapist and i kinda got into today... he insists that thoughts and emotions are choices. going so far as to say that mental illness is a choice. in regards to bipolar, if you are not having negative consequences, do you have bipolar? because you can choose your actions and reactions and emotions and thoughts. that medicine is a crutch and is not necessary. he says that this gives you the power to control your life and swings and even get rid of swings. this came up when i was asking about tools because my regular tool for dealing with intrusive thoughts isn't really cutting it for me right now having the thought, then saying to myself, is this thought beneficial useful helpful to me? there are several things here that i am in complete disagreement with. medicine is necessary, thoughts and emotions are not controllable i.e. they just happen, but can potentially be directed and, mental illness is real and not a choice. sure you can do things to help mitigate symptoms and try and improve yourself, but i am pretty sure i will always have bipolar. he has planted a seed of doubt. that my entire array of health issues might be psychosomatic. i also see gastro neuro cardiologists. it is incredibly invalidating...
psa steroids and worsening of bipolar symptoms disclaimer i am not a doctor, so please always consult with yours when you seek medical treatment. i don't see this talked about enough. it's flu season and many of us may become sick and be prescribed steroids. steroids have the chance of worsening bipolar symptoms and may send you into a mixed episode or manic episode or worse. if you are prescribed steroids, please mention your bipolar diagnosis with your doctor. i'm sure there are cases of bipolar people that have taken steroids and have come out fine afterwards. i'm sure there are cases where a bipolar person is required to take steroids as there are infinite personally specific medical conditions and situations. but ask yourself these questions have you disclosed your bipolar disorder to the practitioners prescribing steroids? are you stable? are you medicated? do you have the resources to get emergency help should things go wrong? i was sick last year and prednisone almost made me kill myself. i had no idea that steroids could make my bipolar disorder worse. i spent over a week in hell as it left my system. apparently, it even awakens bipolar disorder in otherwise stable bipolars. if anyone has any evidence to the contrary or input or experience, please post. these might not be the best links, but maybe you guys will find better ones. https www.verywellmind.com steroids and bipolar disorder 379733 https www.mdedge.com psychiatry article 62206 corticosteroid induced mania prepare unpredictable https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pmc articles pmc3896137
i feel no amount of therapy or meds. could ever help my obsessive worrying. so lost guys. kinda exactly the title but i am struggling so bad. i have not been doing well lately and i feel lost. one day i want to die, then i am on top of the world, then overwhelmed by everything. i miss my cat that passed away so much that i can not get past it. he died in september and everyday a wave comes over me and i miss him so much. i feel like people can't understand that and think it's just over emotional. amp x200b i have always had excessive worrying since a small child. the ocd type of if i don't worry about this enough, do this, ask this, something horrible will happen. some of my worries are valid, but the people in my life assure me it will be manageable if they even happen. i don't see it that way for me it's my fault if i don't worry enough or fix it. i feel responsible for everything in everyone's life. i don't want anything bad to happen to the ones i love, i can not handle that. i want to go away from life to escape this, but i know that i will make things even worse by doing so. amp x200b on tons of meds, no therapy, iop, positive affirmations, or meditation can help this. this has been my burden my whole life and i am panicking and hysterical. i want it to be okay and i am so scared. i want to help and i want to fix everything for everyone but i don't know how, i feel so responsible and i want to do the right things, the right actions in my mind, press the right buttons in life, make the perfect choices. i spend my entire existence worrying.
possible misdiagnosis? pmdd instead of bipolar? i need possible opinions between the ages of 12 13 i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder after a short stay in a mental hospital. this mental hospital stay was right after the start of my first period. over the years that i was medicated i took lamictal, prozac, buproprian, and lithium. they didn't do much except harm my memory and turn my into a zombie. however, i never had many of the bipolar symptoms to begin with. just mood swings and a lot of ptsd related trauma behaviors. at the age of 18 i took myself off of them and almost three years later i have still not had a manic episode. however, in the past few months i have noticed a pattern where my depression, negative thoughts, and unstoppable crying among other things come about a week before my period and disappear almost as soon as my period arrives. i am not sure if this is important but, my mom who was given a bipolar diagnosis that was later retracted also experienced similar pre period symptoms. i would like to be treated for my possible pmdd however my psychiatrist is worried that potentially treating my pmdd with prozac could reactivate any latent bipolar disorder. i was just wondering how often bipolar and pmdd are misdiagnosed as one or the other and if you guys ever were misdiagnosed? how did treatment go for you? what do you use to treat your pmdd? what is your opinion on this matter as well? i don't have a lot of friends who understand this kind of thing and i want an outside opinion before i start something potentially damaging.
anyone ever done a liver cleanse? it honestly sounds like bullshit but i ve hit a wall recently so i m willing to expand my options a little. i was telling my pdoc about how i m struggling recovering from the holidays. when i was out of town with my family for about a week, i had one beer the entire time. my four hour drive home ended up being six hours due to three separate accidents. it was taking me multiple days to recuperate, it felt like i had been on a drinking binge. when i told her all this, she said sometimes stress and changes in the environment can affect the way your liver functions just as much as it can affect your brain. the stress of family then being hit with an especially stressful trip from sea level to 7,000 ft could have really messed things up. so i m giving this a try. she ordered some liver sauce for me. it s this gnarly tasting oil i take as soon as i wake up then thirty mins later i have to take a charcoal binder. if it were some random person telling me to ditch my meds and do a liver cleanse instead, i d tell them to fuck off. but i ve been with this pdoc for almost a decade now so i m trusting her judgement. i m still on all my meds and she told me to try and be more mindful about what i m putting in my body. so i m trying to avoid the temptation of fast food even tho i don t feel like i have the energy to make healthy meals. i ve only been on it for a week so i m not expecting immediate results. has anyone else tried out alternative methods like this? specifically stuff that has been recommended by a doctor?
obsession strong passion that quickly goes away for a lot of my life i have become completely obsessed with many things. they feel like passions. they feel like it's the best thing ever. but then i suddenly lose interest. it happens on small and large scale. small obsessions go from being completely obsessed with one music artist or style of music for maybe a month or less to a point where i can't think of anything else. i play the same stuff over and over and over again and eventually lose interest and move on. this happens to a lot of people but it spreads to other things. a lot of my hobbies are like this. sculpture, painting, working out, video games, there's do many. on a larger scale when i was in college i switched my major 4 times because i would get completely obsessed and passionate with the major then suddenly i would lose so much interest that it became hard to go to class, focus, do homework etc so i would eventually switch majors. my last major i decided to stick with because i couldn't afford to change any more so i just dealt with it and did the minimum to get my degree. this happens with jobs too. i'll really truly love a job, work there for 6 months and then start dreading it every day. my hobbies do this, my interests do this, my life is just like this and i don't want it any more. i try so hard to be passionate for things and sometimes these passions come back for a bit but nothing sticks. ever. it never has. does this happen to anyone else? does anyone have any advice? i'm 26 and i can't keep living my life like this.
bipolar disorder rarely shows up alone some interesting co morbidity statistics i recently spoke to my psychiatrist about my bipolar disorder improving with treatment, but not my other mental health issues. i let him know how embarrassed i was about the ordeal, because i sometimes feel ashamed about the number of issues i have. he shared with me some statistics that reassured me quite a bit and made me realize i'm not alone. this info helped me find more self acceptance, and i thought it might help some of you as well. these statistics come from a public 2008 psychiatry study n 9282 . i'll post the full link below, as well as the specific chart i'm getting these figures from in case you'd rather dig in yourself. here's some of the statistics that stood out to me 92 of people with bd will be deal with another mental disorder 70 of people with bd will deal with with 3 or more other mental disorders 75 of people with bd will be deal an anxiety disorder 63 of people with bd will deal with an impulse control disorder 42 of people with bd will deal with a substance abuse disorder if you ever feel alone because of the multiple issues you're facing, just know you aren't. here's the table https i.imgur.com 8ik9css.jpg where i got these figures from. it breaks down the prevalence for specific disorders, and breaks them down by bd1, bd2 and sub threshold bd. and here's a link to the full study https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pmc articles pmc1931566 disclaimer i don't have a medical background so please let me know if i misinterpreted anything
travel tips? how do you handle barking security agents, boarding passes, changing itinerary, foreign languages, rude locals, etc. without losing it? here's what's worked for me photograph everything important passports, credit cards, boarding passes, luggage, and store the photos in a locked folder on your phone. this helps recovery of lost items, lower your footprint if you get robbed, and it creates backups because you never know. try to research as much ahead of time rick steves advises to book the important stuff, but keep things open ended. i've found, since i'm so easily distracted, to have a few good options at all times that you can do in case things are getting weird. go easy on the coffee first thing i want to do in an airport or a new city is to have coffee. there's downtime, i'm jetlagged, weary, and already overstimulated, and caffeine i think adds to my disorganization. if i get lost, it makes me look even more like a crackhead asking for directions. it's best to get acclimated then act like a local. assume you will get lost and account for it my sense of directions are terrible. without google maps, i would be at the front of walmart, aged progressed, with a slightly insulting cash reward for whoever finds me. set up sim cards, initial itinerary, and a basic plan to get settled after arrival. breathe, dammit! everything's new, everything's stimulating, but you have responsibilities. stay present and take.your.meds. do you really want to be hospitalized overseas? ok how about you, gentle bipolar traveler?
waiting 6 months and counting for any mental health treatment in the uk i moved back to the uk from the us about two years ago. back in the states i was diagnosed with bipolar 2 and put on meds. when i moved back i thought i was ok and didn't need help. that turned out not to be the case and in august of last year i went to a gp and asked for anti depressants. he said he wouldn't prescribe them to me and said it would be best if i see a mental health specialist and he did the referral. that took until january and in the meantime my depression got worse, i got fired from my job due to the symptoms and started putting weight back on. i would see my gp each month and beg for just a week or two of anti depressants, he didn't budge. the referral came through in january and i got an appointment in the middle of february. it was just an intake appointment, the doctor there said he didn't want to prescribe anything until i had blood work done, that was another 14 days. that's finally done and i now have an appointment booked in the middle of april where hopefully i'll get a prescription. i'm a big proponent of universal health care in the us but honestly, i don't understand how people in the uk with mental health issues survive. waiting so long for something as simple as anti depressants is shocking to me and has taken a huge toll. at this point i'm tempted to move back to the states as this would have been resolved in a week or two back there. i'm trying to hold it together but i'm starting to fall apart without treatment.
new meds...and i'm nervous. weening on lithium. long well, i've been on the lithium train for almost 2 years now, but unfortunately its started to give me painful cystic acne. i've never had acne problems before, even in high school. i would get maybe one zit every once in awhile. so, having this acne suddenly for no reason was affecting my self confidence a lot. not only that, lithium was also severely affecting my short term memory, so after much deliberation, my pdoc has decided to ween me off. here's where it gets scary to me. i haven't had a med change since february of 2017, besides a few lithium tweaks here and there. i've been pretty stable for months and my blood tests have been alright. but...i'm terrified of going back on the roller coaster. this med change was somewhat needed. i have been hallucinating a lot . i hear voices, see things that aren't there, etc. i've also been so paranoid to the point i dont leave my house much other than work and back. i refuse to go to a store, and i refuse to go out anywhere in public where there's people because i'm convinced they are going to kill me. sigh . anyways, its gotten pretty bad so she's started me on risperdone a.k.a risperdal and something to help me sleep, restoril temazepam . i'm mostly nervous to come off of lithium, and i would appreciate any advice from people that have. will i need to watch my moods extra carefully? what were withdrawals like? and my next questions anyone have any experience with risperdone and temazepam? thank you in advance lt 3
so it's back so for a few weeks i've been wondering if i was going on a hypomanic episode. ive been diagnosed bp 2 a year ago and since medicated, found a combo that works for me since november 22. before that it was either really depressed and a bit of mixed and latest major hypomanic episode in summer 2021. so it had been a while and the thing is, i'm still very slow and sleep a lot, but compared to before when i slept 10 12 hours a night every 24h now i still sleep 10 12h but i stay awake 24h multiple times a week. last friday i went to my psychiatrist and he asked me if i had any hints of impulsivity that could indicate hypomania, specifically spznding, sex and substance abuse ya know the usual menu . and i thought about it for a moment in retrospect i was making up excuses that would make things logical and then said no, just spending but for necessary stuff. and here i am exactly a week later, wearing one of my two new wigs that arrived from aliexpress yesterday i had only bought one super cheap one before , been smoking weed since monday and unpacking my new dildo in my newly fairyland garden themed decorated kitchen. oh also received 150 bucks worth of beauty products i've never done skincare before in my life except sheet masks and face creams from aldi . for clarification i bought it all before seeing my psychiatrist and smoking again. how could i not see it??? and im still doubting it while also having a super intense and insane to the point it's and unhealthy crush on someone ?? who am i kidding...
anxiety and distress drifting in january i quit my job because my wife had been begging me to. also my pdoc. it was a horrible and abusive place with so many unexplainable micro aggressions and condescending actions to name or number. they have about a 60 turnover rate. and they like that number. it was a well paying job and i shouldn t have quit but i was on the brink of believing them that i am worthless. i tried to overdose around january 7th but luckily couldn t find the right meds in the house that night. my wife doesn t know about that. since i quit i was hoping to snap out of it. but when you fucked up head is chemical i guess environment doesn t really do a lot. despite your best efforts. i have slipped into depression like never before. i can t get a new job and i realize just how immature it was to quit the one before. i ve never quit anything. my wife is away on a conference cause she is badass and so smart. she is in dc with her people from grad school presenting this week. they are all in an airbnb that i picked out for them. she says it s beautiful. i know that she is true and that she lives me. cognitively i know this but when she fails to call me and gets too busy my heart crushes and i can hear the voices that tell me i have no value to her or the family. i can t focus on the right things. i don t know how to snap out. be a man. take better care of my kids. be there for her. not be so selfish and get a fucking job again. just so frustrating. all the meds do is keep me from manic. i miss manic.
had a really bad day hey. this is my first post on the sub but i ve really appreciated the sense of community for a while. if anyone is up willing to chat i m sort of at all loss for what to do right now. i ve been in a really deep depressive episode for a couple weeks now and i m not doing great. i went to therapy this morning promising to be completely honest with my therapist, and i was. i told her i was feeling suicidal, had a plan, but probably wouldn t act on it. i totally expected to be sectioned but she s great and understood why i was saying i wouldn t act on it. it was a good session but it left me feeling pretty shitty. today was my day off so i didn t really have anything to do all day so i came home from therapy and surprise surprise got drunk. i decided to drive out to this bridge in my town that s known for people jumping off it and i kept telling myself i didn t want to jump, i just wanted to take a look. i walked out over the bridge and stood there for a while and then i chickened out and went back to my car. i guess that was suspicion because about two minutes after i got in my car the police came rolling by, but didn t see me. i sat there for a while and then drove home. i don t really know what to do. i feel suicidal but i guess i m not that bad since i decided not to jump. i can t check myself into a hospital for multiple reasons, partly because again, if i m not really truly suicidal there are other people who need it more. i m kinda freaked out right now and i don t know what to do.
life changing i posted awhile back about meds change. the effectiveness of meds hits me quick so the change was pretty much overnight. prior to the change my body hurt all the time. i was always exhausted, i longed for my couch. i had no motivation to clean my disaster of a house or car. 2 days after taking the new meds i cleaned out my car. it s still covered in dog hair, but not trash. i just went to the store and bought black hefty bags and am going to throw out all the stuff that s been accumulating in my house over the years. i ve been out with friends. i ve been socializing more with coworkers and the brain fog has lifted, making conversation easier. it has been years since i ve felt this way. it s amazing. i want to do as much as i possibly can while this lasts. i can t help but feel it ll be taken away and i want to be productive, but not overly manic productive. i ve got all the windows open when i usually have the blinds drawn. it s a beautiful day and my house needs airing out. the best part is my father, who was against meds for years, pointed out the fact that meds can plateau and you might need to switch them up. and then if those stop working you might need to switch back to the original meds. i was blown away. he did all of this research on his own. my shitty mother stayed silent, then started talking about herself, as usual. but i didn t care. i m lucky to have my dad and to have a successful meds switch. just wanted to share. i wish the feeling and relief i have right now for all of you.
my life is so sad that even my psych doctor ghosted me my ex who was the best sex i've ever had and i've had a lot of sex dumped my stuff in my living room on sunday and politely told me he never wanted to speak to me again. well, maybe someday which means never to try to cope i posted for hook ups on reddit but every guy i sent my photo to rejected me this was never an issue before but i guess now that i'm 30 i'm ugly. i'm not fat, i think i have a good body, must be face issues. i look really tired in all my photos. so life sucks. i've stopped taking my meds properly because i hate them. i've stopped eating meals because i don't want to go back to being bulimic. i blocked all my friends and family because they told me to talk to a professional about wanting to start drinking again i'm sober and since there's no professionals to talk to 24 7 i guess i'm shit out of luck and better off not bothering them. my mom did a wellness check on me when i told her i'd blocked her, which i said she could do.... but lol. i bought my first vape yesterday because i don't want to break my sobriety and i do not care if i start hearing voices. and i tried to go to aa last night only to listen to a bunch of people whine about how hard step 4 is while i'm literally writing it in my head just trying to find a sponsor to do it with. now today my psych doctor has ghosted me. the professional i'm supposed to talk to about drinking. can't decide if she's doing a form 2 or something came up. cherry on top of this week lol.
how much value do you place on having sex? i've been realizing that my hyper sexuality has affected how much value i put on having sex. when i was growing up i used to put so much priority on having sex. it would constantly be on my mind and i would feel like i was missing out on such a massive part of existence if i wasn't able to regularly have it. haha, that sounds so dramatic. the older i get though the more i realize that the importance i was putting on sex is mostly based on the emotions created by the mania hyper sexuality. when i step back for a moment and stop listening to my emotions and look at it logically i don't really care as much about it. i put more value on non sexual intimacy like snuggling holding hands sleeping together, and the most value on having a verbal connection with someone where we can comfortably share our deepest fears and darkest secrets. its confusing because my feelings and even my thoughts can be so drastically influenced manipulated by the chemical reactions going on in my brain body. so there are times where sex seems like the ultimate high. then other times where i choose to not base my actions on achieving highs and chasing feelings and instead i do things that align with the values i have built over years based on logic and philosophy. how do you value sex, do you base a lot of your actions decisions around it? or maybe it just seems like a bonus to being alive but doesn't matter much? do your feelings on it drastically change based on your mental state?
i am spiraling. yesterday my panic attack lasted basically all day and today i've been waking up crying. like the title says, i feel like i'm losing the battle again. i'm on lamictal, but this weekend something triggered me and i've been failing to cope. someone who i thought was my friend invited me to hang out and i had to drive quite a bit so it wasn't like a spur of the moment thing. then my friend ditched me to hang out with someone else and left me with his friends who i had just met that night. i left in the morning i was staying over and they never came back. i did something kind of petty to get back at them and when i called to apologize, they said they owed me a call, but were out with their friend x right now , so that made me feel even more like shit because apparently it's ok to ditch me, but not step out for a phone call. i really cared about this person and it just sucks to be treated like i'm disposable. normal me would have been able to handle things better, but i smoked some a lot of pot on friday and it triggers my moods. i don't know how i'm going to get over this because my chemicals seem to be all out of whack. i just feel like life is a freaking rollercoaster of crap and i don't think i have the strength anymore. i just want to stay in bed for the rest of my life. i've also been single for a long time and it's because i've been unmedicated for most of my life until recently, but i still have moments of crazy. who out there could even deal with this shit? i am so alone.
every time i m manic i want to cheat on my boyfriend i m currently manic and i can t stop thinking about it. it s like this almost every time i m manic. it s especially bad since i ve caught him cheating on me more than once so now my brain can justify it. i get extremely hypersexual when i m manic and i find have my sex with someone that i ve been having sex with for awhile extremely boring. i want new and exciting, the thrill of sleeping with someone i ve never had sex with. i know this makes me seem like a shitty person but i just can t stop thinking about it despite knowing how wrong it is edit to add 1. i am not going to cheat, i am able to reason enough to know i won t, but that doesn t mean the thought isn t there 2. i had to come off of the meds i was on due to pregnancy and it being known to cause birth defects. i go see my psychiatrist again soon to get started on something pregnancy safe, he s just been out of town 3. just because you personally have never experienced this feeling, does not mean it s not a thing. everyone s experience with mental illness is different. i am aware that mania is not an excuse to cheat, when not manic i have no desire to seek attention or sex elsewhere 4. an open relationship ethical non monogamy is a no go for him. he s ironically way too jealous for any of that and has made it very clear he has no interest in such a thing, especially anything involving me being with another person 5. this post was not an invite to say weird creepy shit in my dms
i feel ashamed about the dumb stuff i said whilst hypomanic so i am in a hypomanic episode and looking back on the things i said and did, i feel so embarrassed. my parents are away so only my maid was there and i still managed to tell her weird secrets and proceeded to show her all my dumb drawings of my imaginary boyfriend as well as showing her all the shows not really a show but a game that has many stories that i watch and pointing out which guy i m in love with. i have no clue why i done this! i feel deeply ashamed for doing this and revealing personal secrets. i also yelled at my grandma she did deserve it but i should have just hanged up the call , complained about my mum and stepdad to my maid, grandpa, grandma and biological father. i also went and bought lots of random cooking stuff and makeup that doesn t suit me, so now i have to return it. and i bought 3 bags of cereal. i am not even allowed cereal by mum. no clue why i bought it. so yeah... p.s. for any people who are going to be like go get a diagnosis and meds and this wont happen i don t want to right now. i have nothing to gain from just getting diagnosed, and while i do want meds one day, i will wait until i have kids, because i don t want to take pills when i m pregnant, and apparently withdrawal symptoms are horrible. also i m scared of the side effect of gaining weight. what s the weirdest most embarrassing most regrettable thing you did when hypo manic? did you apologise explain afterwards that you had bipolar?
about to start day program. i'd like some advice so i'm going to this clinic about 500 miles away from home. i picked this one because my dad went there and made tremendous improvements in his mental health. seriously, night and day. i'm blessed to have the opportunity to go, but i am nervous as fuck. first of all, i have some substance abuse issues but i'm afraid to bring them up because i'm afraid they won't treat me for my bipolar, just for my addiction. i think they go hand in hand, but if i could get some help managing my bipolar i think my problems with substances would start to fix itself. i could be wrong. will they refuse to treat me if i fail their drug test? this clinic has a heavy christian influence. one of their main goals with the program is to rekindle your relationship with god. i don't feel great about this because religion use to play a big part of my paranoia and worries. i've separated myself from organized religion over the last few years and that has helped. however, i'm afraid all the preaching will rekindle my fears and anxeity over the issue. finally i'm nervous because i feel like this is my last chance to get better. i've done quite a few programs and this is kind of a drastic step. for me to go, it's expensive and time consuming and is going to put my girlfriend and step kids in hard spot. i feel terrible i even have to go but if it doesn't work, i can't imagine how i'll feel. i'll have wasted everyone's time and put the people i love most through it too.
help with coping xpost from r cyclothymia hey guys, first time posting! anyway. for reference, i m 23 and female, married, and a first time mom. my baby girl is 8 weeks old, and was 4 weeks premature. we spent six days in nicu, then 2 weeks later we were in the hospital with rsv respiratory syncytial virus for two weeks. i m diagnose cyclothymic and have been for a year and a month after being misdiagnosed major depressive the year before. i m on lexapro and lamictal and have been since january 2017, and i m still struggling with a lot of rapid cycling and mental trauma from past experiences...now we have to add my daughter almost dying in my arms from not being able to breathe. now that that s out of the way, i need advice. i can t get back to my therapist until april, and i can t change medications because i m breastfeeding. i had high anxiety during pregnancy, and the anxiety has lingered, along with deepening depressive episodes partially due to loneliness and postpartum. i m in school online for digital media design, and i m trying to get a job working at home. my husband works as a teacher at a school 35 minutes away, so we don t see him until later in the evenings. anybody have any ideas for how to manage the depression and cycling until april? i have self destructive tendencies self harm, food issues, etc , and am trying to avoid falling back into those habits. i m open to nearly anything i m a christian, but i m open to almost anything. links appreciated too. thanks!
dad needs help with son's bipolar 2 my 18 year old son was diagnosed a few weeks ago with bipolar 2 with psychotic features. prior to this he was being treated for anxiety with zoloft. about a year ago he started smoking pot to help with the anxiety and convinced me that it was better for him than zoloft. as of last october he started zoloft and weed. since then he's had deep depression and some scary rages . he agreed to go see a psychiatrist and that's when he got the diagnosis. the doctor prescribed latuda but he complained about extra anxiety, then when the dose went up to 40mg he had a severe reaction of akathisia and panic attack. so he stopped taking it and we have an appointment in a few days with the pdoc. he keeps insisting that we find a drug with no side effects or he goes back to smoking. he thinks the doctor is stupid and isn't worried about how thc might make paranoia worse. i don't think he knows just how irritable he is almost all the time. i walk on tiptoes worrying that something i say will trigger a 2 hour lecture. looking at other med options it seems seroquel might be better since it helps with anxiety but he looked at the side effect list and balked. how do i convince him to keep trying until he finds something that works for him? this seems like a catch 22, he thinks he's smarter than the pdoc but that belief would go away on the right med. i love my son! i want him to feel normal . but nothing in my life has prepared me for how to handle this.
is my therapist at fault or am i being paranoid? f25. i've been seeing my m66 psychiatrist for the past 2 years and everything has been great. he's always been a very good professional and never made me feel uncomfortable. considering that i've known how he approaches therapy for 2 years now, i find it very strange that he has suddenly changed our boundaries and without asking me. first thing, is that one day instead of a good bye handshake he said i'm going to hug you today , and he did so. i didn't mind goodbye hugging is very common in my culture but i don't like that he didn't ask first if that was ok instead of just announcing it and going for it. he proceeded with doing this again after every session since then. then last time he kissed me on the cheek also common and non sexual way to say goodbye in my culture but still strange as he's never done it before. he also called me once to check on me and ask how i was feeling i had just lost my dad so maybe that's fine but he's also never done that before all these years. today i cancelled our next appointment because something came up, and he said ok but i have to pay for it anyway, which i know some therapists do but 1 mine never does and 2 i cancelled way earlier than the timespan that would require me to pay. what is going on here? is this an approach i'm not aware of, is something wrong? amp x200b tl dr my therapist of two years suddenly crossed some boundaries, which he's never done before and i'm troubled.
losing friends over diagnosis? just semi recently some people who i considered long time friends and i truly believe it s because i was being more open about my diagnosis. for context they has did and alters and i tried to accommodate for them as much as i could. yet they randomly removed me after we spent a few weeks together it was a visit i don t really know what went wrong as i took my meds and i have a passive nature in general. no manic outbursts or emotional ones at all. we all were laughing and having a great time laughing and doing fun activities. but as soon as i got home one of them just didn t want anything to do with me anymore. and i truly believe it was discriminatory behavior because i would bring up my diagnosis make jokes of because they would do the same. making jokes of my diagnosis helps me cope in a way it took me bit to collect myself but i m doing a whole lot better with therapy now that they re not in my life anymore. they were also very against seeking medical advice for mental illness and rather get high and not address their issues with a professional. has anyone else here ever lost close friends that backstabbed you over your diagnosis? or is it better for people with this disease to just keep everyone at arms length and give the cold shoulder out of fear of discrimination or assumptions on what they think bipolar is? most people don t judge by the content of your character anymore and it s so incredibly sad it has to be that way
how did the whole diagnosing process work ? do you feel like it made your life better or worse ? someone whose opinion i care about told me recently that he thinks i should go see someone and get medicated . it started kind of a big fight , and at the time i was really angry because i didn t think he understood what was going on . i took some of the meds they would probably start me on when i was a teenager because of these seizures i was having , and i told him i would literally rather die than take them again and feel the way they made me feel again . i hated being in a fog all the time , not feeling anything at all ever , the weird side effects . he tried telling me that i could tell them that and that it didn t have to be like that again , but all i heard was you re being over dramatic and crazy . which isn t really fair to him . i ve never been professionally diagnosed with anything ever , but there s always been something not right . it s gotten worse the last few years , more and more intense , to the pint i don t even believe myself when i say i can handle it myself . i guess if i m being honest , i m fucking terrified to even think about getting diagnosed and getting on meds . i m terrified of not being me anymore , because even when i feel awful and like i m drowning in darkness i know that i m gonna get this high again and be ok . i m scared of getting told i m crazy . and i ve never admitted that before and now i feel more fucked up than before .
missing my old dreams. this is a bit of a rant but had to get it out. so i always dreamed of being a professional musician as i got older as like a full time thing. i played instruments since i was in grade 4, i was a very talented musician not saying that in a pretenious way . music was my life, i was part of jazz music programs inside and out of school , wind orchestras, scored perfectly on all my nyssma performances new york state music association even skipped a few levels because i was advanced. and part of all county band programs a hand selection of students to be part of a large bad group that would perform in front of 100's of people . i then moved on to get a scholarship to a music college, i however decided to join the army instead and became a profession musician for them for 8 years, performing for presidential speeches, veterans day and st.patrick day parades in nyc, played half time shows at nfl games etc. i used to love just sitting at a piano and letting the music flow through me, sure i wasn't the best in the world, but the raw emotion i put into my music was just a feeling i can't even explain, now it's been over 4 years since i've touched sn instrument and i just feel so empty about it. my living situation makes it difficult to practice playing and i just miss it so much. i just want to make music again and my depression is holding me back and i hate it.... i'm so sorry for rambling i just had to get it out, best of wishes to all of you
i got a stern reminder that being stable doesn t mean i am cured i recently had to lower my lithium under doctor supervision because my lithium level was too high. i started to notice that i felt less numb. i felt butterflies in my stomach and a warm, fuzzy happy for the first time since i was a teenager. it was intoxicating. so i thought to myself, maybe i don t need my lithium anymore. i never tried stopping it completely after ect. this was a bad plan for the last few days i felt something i hadn t felt in a long time too. the overwhelming depression, self hatred and urge to harm myself. it was terrifying. and i found i was completely out of practice in suppressing those feelings. back on my lithium i am the first one to advocate taking your pills so i feel like a hypocrite. i have been reminded that deep in my mind bipolar is still there and still capable of destroying me. it was humbling, terrifying and discouraging all at the same time. today i mourn the fact that i will never be able to fully feel emotions and will always have to be sedated to some degree. i shouldn t complain because at least i have stability. but that taste of what life is really supposed to feel like and knowing i will never have it has left me in a bad way. i feel ungrateful for the stability i have and greedy for the way i used to feel before getting sick. i feel here is the only place where people will understand what i m going through. sincerely a very tired bipolar warrior
trying to get pregnant, off my meds, and falling apart. i need advice from bipolar moms please. hi everyone. like the title says, i'm off my meds because i'm trying to get pregnant. i thought i could handle it, but i'm cycling pretty bad right now. luckily, i'm not suicidal, but it took everything i had to get out of bed this morning. in the past two weeks i've been delusional, anxious, depressed, energetic. all over the place. i was diagnosed in 2011 and have been on meds consistantly ever since, but my meds were deemed too risky for a pregnancy. now that i'm in this emotional state, i'm questioning my capability to be a mother in the first place. i babysat my 2 year old nephew yesterday and it took every last drop of my energy. i came home so drained i could barely move. i'm assuming it was also compounded with my current mental fluctuations. but it'll only be more of that if i do have kids. is it possible to find a balance with kids? will there be time for myself and time for them? yes, i will be getting back on my meds as soon as possible after the baby comes if the baby comes , but will it be enough? i'm not even pregnant yet and i feel it might already be too much. i'm sorry for the word vomit, i can barely think straight right now. i just want advice from other mothers. how did you do it? how did you survive being off your meds throughout your pregnancy? p.s. i do have an appointment with my therapist at the end of the month she's on vacation .
does anyone experience loss of appetite from latuda? i started taking latuda about 7 8 months ago and everything s been really great until now. it s helped incredibly and i have had very very little side effects. i do want to say my anxiety has been higher recently too a couple months ago i started losing my appetite to where i d only get hungry in the late afternoon or evening. about a week and a half ago it stopped all together and i m struggling to eat. now when i try to eat i feel so disgusted by food i ll start gagging and have to spit out the food or else i ll throw up. i ve been living off ensure drinks and trying so hard to make myself eat in between i messaged my psychiatrist about everything that s been going on and she said to see the doctor to rule out the flu. i went. don t have the flu. they did every blood test imaginable everything came back great. i did a covid test and that was negative. after telling my psych the updates she thinks it s that i m not absorbing latuda effectively with my gi symptoms i don t think i fully understand what she means. she also suggested that i switch to zyprexa olanzapine instead of the latuda. i messaged my therapist today hoping for something else i guess and all she asked was if i started the zyprexa. not eating is making me feel so weak and dizzy and i feel so sick all the time. i want to just eat normally again so bad. i m just wondering if anyone else ever experienced anything like this with latuda?
well it s been a good run boys but the doctor thinks it s actually bpd lmao so, i just recently had a new evaluation and the proctor is convinced that i ve been misdiagnosed. which is extremely common with bpd and bipolar. but. now i m struggling. i feel relieved but horrified. not to say that bipolar is better than bpd or less bad, but it s just distressing to have a label stripped and replaced with another. if i m being honest, i ve doubted my bipolar diagnosis for a long time now, but somehow i feel like i m betraying my sense of community and self by feeling hopeful. it s like? idk i guess it was easier to say it s just bipolar because it became a cop out.it was easier to dismiss my explosive emotions and constant mood swings as just being bipolar symptoms. because it meant that i could treat it with meds. and i tried so hard to act like the mood stabilizers help, but they don t. i cycle through so many extremes on a daily basis. at my old psych all of this was dismissed and treated with anti psychotics that just make me feel sluggish and disinterested. it feels liberating to be listened to for once, but i feel so? lost. like i ve just been stripped of the identity i ve been cultivating for years. it s weird. it feels like i owe everyone an update. like i ve got to go on an i ve got bpd! tour so that no one hates me or accuses me of faking a disorder. ugh. idk man. feeling liberated but also scared. can i stay in this sub lmao? i m so comfy here
want to go off meds without getting divorced i want to go off of my meds. i ve been on them for years but they are not helping enough anymore. i ve gone off lithium before and that went fine. i tried going off invega but i couldn t keep my shit together. if i get the chance again, i ll probably just lie to get off finally. i like lamictal but it has a lot of sideffects so i d like to get off of that too. i love my sleep med roserum. i got off of and had really bad withdrawal from lorazepam but it helps my major panic issues. so i d keep that but use it sparingly. my husband said he d seriously consider divorcing me if i go off of my meds. i m kind of devastated. we were together before i got diagnosed and medicated. we never had a bad relationship while i was off meds. i did some stupid shit occasionally but we got though it more easily than a lot of the shit i ve done medicated. he drank like a fucking fish, got increasingly violent and acted like i shot him when i said i d divorce him if he didn t stop. he was sober 1 month. 1. and while infinitely better, still has episodes of drinking way too much. and i m supposed to take it with a fucking smile. but how fucking dare i say i want to get off the stuff that give me side effects i don t want to live with anymore. i m even open to other medication, just not what i m on currently, except maybe lamictal. i feel like a god damned zombie. i don t want to die i just don t want to live like this anymore.
brain zaps? not on meds i've been off medication since october, and generally doing really well, really proud of myself. however i've been experiencing infrequent brain zaps that's all i know how to call them, but they're weird at night. this happens only when i'm laying down at night, and almost exclusively when i'm in a really bad depressive episode. i get this low humming in my ears like when you yawn or stretch , and then it builds up really loud for a few seconds. usually when this happens, i either have really intense hallucinogenic dreams where sometimes i can't tell if i'm awake or asleep , or i sleepwalk, where i fully remember being conscious, but didn't feel as though i had any control or explanation for my actions. once i woke up scrubbing change on my bathroom floor, and didn't know how long i'd been out for. i can tell when this is going to happen because i get nauseous, and it doesn't matter if i'm sleeping on either side or on my back or stomach. it lasts what seems like a few seconds, and then i'm good for the night i.e. after the incident i sleep through the night . this isn't accompanied by drug or alcohol use, it just seems to happen. again, almost exclusively when i'm in a bad depressive episode, and only at night when i'm laying in bed. i do have a small history of seizures i was born with a brain seizure and i've had one other seizure in my life, after my first major manic episode. is this an experience other people have had?
i have moments when i m deeply unhappy and i don t know how to cope. i have things people in my life that i am grateful for. but i m deeply unhappy. i have goals, but they seem unattainable. i know what i have to do to feel more satisfied, more fulfilled but it really seems like an uphill battle. i need to lose a lot of weight that i gained because of meds and overeating due to stress, trauma, and fucked up hunger cues from the meds. i need to get a better paying job so i can afford to live on my own and not live paycheck to paycheck or work a part time in addition to my full time. then i have my grander goals like grad school, getting married and starting a family, moving up in my career. i m just so deeply unhappy with where i currently am and how hard i have to work on top of managing my mood swings. so much so that i frequently contemplate just giving up on being alive at all. i had to put my dog to rest this week and the week leading up to it and this week, i ve pretty much let my routine go. i don t shower frequently enough, i don t do my skincare, i don t eat well but i m still not losing weight , i barely manage 20 30 min of exercise which my partner so helpfully points out is not enough if i m serious about losing weight. and every meal i skip, my mother cheers me on because i have fat to sustain me anyway. i feel close to a breakdown. i want to give up so badly. i m what high functioning looks like. miserable and barely holding on.
my therapist broke my heart all over again in november, i went on a trip with a friend. this triggered a manic episode. i was a god awful person to my then boyfriend. i knew i needed to fix myself, so i went to my psych, asked for a med switch, made an appointment with a new therapist, all that jazz. my actions were just not something my boyfriend could move past. and i don't blame him. i was inconsiderate of his feelings at a delicate time and really hurt him. he broke up with me at the end of january. i told my therapist all about the breakup, all the issues we had, all the fights we had, but i also told her about all the wonderful things. those were so much more important things to me than any disagreement. we left that topic for a while to work on other things. in my appointment today, we circled back. she said it honestly sounds like you two would have been a perfect match if mental illness wasn't as big an issue as it was. this broke my heart. i have been trying to forget about it, leave well enough alone, or just understand the fact that he's never coming back, and i'll never get to talk to him again we ended with no contact . now i'm sitting in my car in the parking lot in my car, trying to compose myself before heading back to work. and normally i could just hide in my office and cry, but i'm getting trained to run new machines this week so i have no where to hide. my heart is just hurtin real bad and i feel like i'm gonna throw up.
my 21f doctors keep suggesting lithium hello everyone. this is my first time posting on here but i just wanted to say i really love the support community in this subreddit. before i go into my questions, here's a bit about my symptoms meds i'm diagnosed as bipolar 1 with rapid cycling. my current doctor has me on a very high dose of lamictal, wellbutrin, and seroquel. nothing seems to be helping right now, the episodes are staying just as intense and quick and i feel like i can't get any relief. i wanted to ask all of you about your opinions on lithium. i was seeing one psychiatrist for years that had asked about my opinion on lithium and i said i didn't want to go on it. she dropped it after that and decided to raise my lamictal. it helped temporarily. i ended up relocating kind of far away from her, so i decided to see a new doctor. she also asked me about going on lithium, but i'm still really apprehensive. my concerns are centered around the fact that my grandmother actually suffered a lithium overdose and she's never been the same since then. i'm so paranoid that that will happen. has anyone with rapid cycling had success on lithium? does it really do the zombifying thing people talk about? the event with my grandma happened a few years ago, are doctors more cautious with the blood testing and everything now? tl dr my doctors keep prescribing lithium but i'm very apprehensive, has it been successful for other people with rapid cycling?
on abilify, not sure if it's causing anhedonia or my dose is too low. basically, this is just a venting post. i'm so bored, all the time. i don't care to do anything, not even take a shower, and i'm on 5mg of abilify and i have no idea if my dose is too low, or if i'm experiencing a side effect. i plan on calling my psych tomorrow to see what they think. the thing that confuses me is that i've got a bazillion ideas but when i try to put them into action, there is just no action. i can post all day long on social media because i'm talking about myself, but trying to write anything, zilch. it's like, i have an idea, but i can't get the idea out, and it's gone beyond writers block. it's like i can't think or something, and i have no depression good but i also don't feel happiness bad . so i'm just super flat emotionally. i never used to be this way until about a year ago where i experienced a major depressive episode and ended up in the psych ward best decision ever made, btw, learned a lot . i just am so irritated that i'm so bored despite having a bunch of ideas flowing through my head. amp x200b i have add adhd, but i can't take meds for it, so i have racing thoughts and ideas constantly. it's just frustrating. the only thing that helps is .... well, social media because it's a major time waster and i feel like i have nothing to do with my time and the hobbies i have i have no desire to do them. so, that's about it. thanks for reading.
ok. hi, i m new here! edit thanks so much for the love and support everyone! ?? i m feeling embarrassed now that it has so many upvotes now. ha! you re all so appreciated, i cannot tell you how much. i m new again. i used to be a member several years ago then switched to chatting on facebook. with the security issues there, i ve deleted that account so i m back! i m having a weird time. i turn 50 tomorrow. half of my life is gone, wasted...on being on disability, sick, unproductive, contributing zero to this world. for 50 long years! i ve tried volunteering twice in the past year...neither ended up working out. i also have pmdd, so i feel i hardly get any well time for any length of time! i have no friends. i ve either cut toxic folks out, or have been very inappropriate during times of instability, and never get forgiveness even after heartfelt apologies. i have two kids. one won t talk to me anymore, though he has his own problems, my daughter does talk, through infrequently. so, i m totally alone. my new ad is just starting to help a little. but 50 is hitting me so hard. i want to at least go back to school to learn a trade that doesn t involve being surrounded by several people. but i cannot think of anything i d like, and that i can learn somewhat easily. 27 shock treatments later, my memory is shot. so learning will be difficult, no matter. sorry for the negative introduction. i wish i were in a better place. thanks for reading.
psychiatrist told me not to google my medication, feeling weird about it starting this off by establishing that i am autistic, and one of my interests is self categorization. this can make me come across as a hypochondriac or doctor shopper, as i know my disorders illnesses very well. once i started seeking treatment for my bipolar i learned everything there was to learn, joined communities such as this one, and started talking to others with bipolar. as a result of this, i learned a lot about medication. not even really on purpose, learning about the meds people are on is just an inevitable of being in a group like this. my psyche prescribed me abilify today, and out of curiosity i asked if that was the med known to sometimes lead to tardive dyskinesia. i'm not against trying abilify, all meds can have horrible side effects, but i wanted to know if that's what i was potentially getting myself into. i love my psyche, she's super nice and receptive, but she sorta laughed and told me to stop googling your medication which rubbed me the wrong way. it's a drug i'm unfamiliar with, should i not want to be prepared for the potential risks? i've told her before i'm open to trying anything, so it's not like i was telling her i wouldn't take it because i was scared, i was just asking a question so i know what to look out for. i'm not gonna stop seeing her because this is such a small thing, but am i overreacting by feeling a bit icked out?
industrial design for bipolar stability i m a student studying industrial design and currently working on a research project designing a product that will help people with mental illness, specifically bipolar disorder. i came here to get some more insight! i was inspired by a severe manic episode my dad just experienced in december, and also by my own diagnosis of bipolar 2. essentially, i want to create a product that will maintain routine, promote stability, and possibly warn the user and their support group when intervention might be necessary. i ve been looking at wearable technology like fitbit and smart watches, and also at mental wellness apps that track mood, sleep, etc. i m moving towards creating a series of products, one wearable, one stationary light clock pill dispenser, and also an app. so, i have some questions! do you use any apps technology to maintain routine or track your wellbeing? sleep, medication reminders, mood logs do you use it regularly? why or why not? what is your daily routine around taking your medication? while manic or depressed, how would you react to technology advising you to reach out to family, your therapist, or you psychiatrist? how would you feel if it alerted them directly? what is the most friendly way you could be reminded to take medication, maintain a sleep schedule, or reach out for help without feeling chastised? any other comments and ideas would be much appreciated! thank you!
my doctor put me on a leave. i've been stable for a long time without meds. it's been about 11 years. well that changed. last week i started having some derealization, depersonalization and sensory sensitivity. the mental illness was hard to hide. i run myself hard. 1.5 jobs with complex advocacy legal y components. for the last five years, i went to school part time while i worked one or two jobs full time. i over commit myself constantly. and that is through hypo mania and depression. i push. i always push myself. and i may have just run myself down. so now i'm off work with an unknown return date and waiting for her to call in drugs for me. lithium is on the top of the list. i've never been on it before, and i've heard good and bad things. it just sort of is what it is. i'm trying to treat this like a vacation for now. i do what i want, when i want. i almost feel like i have a free pass to eat all the cookies because i'm crazy in a comedic, not dangerous to self and others kind of sense . this is very surreal for me. i have been in this same general zone before when i was a teenager, but i was in the us then and they still made me go to school and perform. i still needed to maintain my gpa which didn't happen . so it's strange that this is taken so seriously now. i'm pleased about it, but it it's still hard to conceptualize. and that's it... thank you for reading. going to go get a snack now.... because... well, i can...
what am i doing with my life. i guess you could say i ve done a lot in my lifetime, but i feel like i ve just failed a lot. before i was diagnosed i was on the fast track to be a lawyer at 22. that didn t happen and now i am divorced and jobless with a useless bachelor s degree. i can t take classes at my community college because i can t afford them. i can t take university classes because i ve dropped classes so many times they won t give me financial aid. i have terrible credit and i am deep in credit card, personal, and student loan debt. i try getting jobs but don t stay at them for more than a few months. i just can t bring myself to do things i don t want to do. even if it s something i need to do to survive i will still just quit. that s why i m in such a bad spot. i don t know what to do with my life. people say just get a flexible part time job doing easy stuff, but if i don t enjoy it i will literally quit two months in. my parent s have been supporting me my entire life, even when i was married my ex was a loser . i feel so bad for them to have this failure of a child. i m not eligible for disability because i haven t worked enough hours and i'm not eligible for ssi because my parents provide me with everything. not that i could live off of either of those anyways. i m so frustrated with myself. i'm not sure if i have any hopes or dreams left. i don t know if i need advice or just to vent, but here i am.
random things we do as being bipolar or bipolar w anxiety? i was diagnosed bipolar 1 along with a few other mental illnesses in 2011. i never have other bipolar people or friends to ask these questions hang with me here, i hope this comes out correctly. anyone else with bipolar constantly pick at their nails, like i pick mine so bad they are killer sore and sometimes bleed. i can t stand feeling the dry peeling skin rubbing against my other fingers i ve been diagnosed so long and have taken tons of medication and i still feel like, i just will never be normal? like at this point what does a normal person experience in their day to day feelings? i ll go through a month of reading books on my kindle or regular books and finish them like in 3 4 days, 1 i finished in a month. same with watching a series on like hbo max or hulu .i go through moods of deeply into the show and just binge it so fast amp then a week later it s like i can t even focus or have enough attention span to watch anything at all? my mind is constantly thinking about the next i need to do, like it doesn t stop whatsoever only time i feel relaxed is when my night meds hit sleeping is the best bc it takes me from this hell of reality i struggle with daily. there are many other issues i experience but these really have been bothering me lately and i catch myself wondering do other with bipolar have these issues, or am i alone and just a wee bit crazy?
has anyone here had any experience with legally taking time off high school? hello everyone! i'm a high school student who was a month ago diagnosed with bipolar ii. i'd been having depressive episodes for about a year, and a month and a half ago started experiencing manic episodes as well, which was the reason why i decided to see a doctor. i'm still very early in my treatment, don't yet have a psychiatrist and won't for another month or two thanks, american health insurance and i've been having a really hard time coping. i've always been a very high achieving student, getting straight a's every semester, and doing my best not to miss school. this year, however, has been different. due to my bipolar disorder, i've now missed a month of school, have had to drop 3 classes, and i really don't know what to do at this point. my mental health takes top priority, so i am certainly not planning on sacrificing my health and safety for school. i'm feeling really hopeless and lost, and balancing school, work, and my illness just isn't possible anymore. i plan on going to college next year, but i'm afraid that my absences and now failing grades are going to affect my ability to get scholarships. i really just need to take this year off without dropping out , so i can get the help i need. i was wondering if anyone here has any advice or similar experiences. i live in new york in case that matters. sorry for the wall of text.
diagnosed borderline but having my diagnosis looked into. recent letter mentions the word euthymic over and over after psych said it could of been bipolar i didn t know how to write the title to explain my situation so here it goes.. i ve had mental health issues since 14, been in the system since 17. i m now 32. nan has schizophrenia on my mother s side. i ve had two psychotic episodes and my clinical notes state psychotic disorder and borderline personality disorder. after being out of the system for several years. i seeked help again after some warning symptoms under a new team. under the new team, i requested that i had my diagnosis looked into again. i ve met with this new team a few times now but the most recent letter from the minutes of that meeting mention the word euthymic three times. the psych also stated during that meeting that my previous psychosis could of been bipolar . i ve researched the word euthymic and i can only find a correlation to bipolar and no results on euthymia with borderline. i m here because i d like some insight into what they may mean by this euthymic state . well, it says euthymic then later on in the mental state part it says euthymic reactive state . please help shed some light on this, i m clueless. thanks and love to you all tldr psych letter mentions i m in a euthymic state 3 times but my diagnosis is borderline however recent psych said my psychosis could of been bipolar
how do you deal with a downswing that has a clear cause? i've been swinging down pretty hard the past few weeks and i know exactly why. my car died, and i was forced to buy a new one just after moving and furnishing a new apartment from scratch. my bank accounts are overdrawn, i don't have much food, i'm just barely scraping together money for gas and prescriptions. i'm dealing the the finality of the absolute end of a relationship. amp x200b it's going to get better. i can see, on the calendar, looking at my bills and my paychecks, when things will start to get easier financially. i'm not going to hurt myself, and i'm not suicidal. i feel like a med change isn't really the solution, because the meds i'm taking have kept me stable for years, and even if they change, my situation is still going to be shit. amp x200b i'm taking my meds and seeing my therapist, but my therapist can only fit me in every other week not that i could afford more copays right now anyway... i'm working full time, and doing well at work, but that's literally all i'm doing. being on time for work, being on the ball, and doing my job well is so exhausting that i literally cannot muster anything else. amp x200b i'm sleeping 12 13 hours a night. i'm not showering. i'm not eating. amp x200b does any one have any practical, everyday advice? how do you keep motivated to push forward when it's going to get better but you just have to get there?
i can t do this anymore i m 35 and i just recently attempted suicide and was admitted to a behavioral health hospital for 4 days. they got me stabilized and took me off my antidepressant because it causes mania and put me on depakote to stabilize my moods. i got home and my husband only told me i ve ruined his life, my life, and our daughter s life. she s 10 and it s clear she also has bipolar disorder. it runs in my family. my grandma had it and tried to end her life around my age too. my mother the same thing. now me. i know this is my daughters future. my husband says i m not ever going to get better because i just don t get it. i do get it but i can t help it. now my job is making me go on medical leave while i am going through outpatient and i don t know how i m going to afford to live. i m supposed to resume college classes tomorrow and i have to get a b or higher or i ll lose my financial aid. meanwhile my husband says he can t parent with me and that he hates me. i can t do this! i ve suffered through 35 years of this misery. i don t know what i m supposed to do. none of my family will help me and they all live scattered across the country and none of them are near me except my sister but she hates me. i have no friends because i isolate myself in depressive states so they ve all moved on. i don t blame them. i m a mess. like how is any of this going to get better if my brain is broken?
new diagnoses i went for years thinking i had adhd because of a childhood diagnoses of hyperactivity in the early 70s ,i'm 57 now. i was put on ritalin than sedated me until it reversed and mad me worse. i got a diagnoses of asperger's syndrome at age 4o and thought the episodes were part of that . i have been getting worse but i felt like superman when i was up and took it a a good state to be in ,hardly the case people would be frightened of my actions which i could not understand why, they wanted me to move faster at work cooking 40 years i would become increasing more agitated as the months would go on. and would just fly off the handle and have a melt down and bye bye job. i never felt out of control until recently when my father died in february and i have been on full throttle for a month now so i changed my psych doc and said that i was manic and took me off the anti depresses that my old doc prescribed. and gave me abilify and buspirone just wed mar 23 2023 it has been a month since i slept more than 2 hrs. i still up but i am coming down slowly. i never notice the down side i just knew that i felt better not moving as much to the neglect of housework, and no motivation to give a dam about work again i had an attitude wile when i was down almost hatting the people i worked with and being resentful of having to work. amp x200b sorry if this is disjointed i'm still amped up to 11.
does depakote give you anxiety? i started depakote about two weeks ago. zero side effects, felt like taking nothing no drowsiness or anything. but the last two or three days have been the worst anxiety and panic attacks i ve had in years. ones that last hours and involve extreme dissociation dysphoria. at 23 i can honestly say i haven t had my panic attacks and ocd flare up this bad since childhood when i had no coping mechanisms . i almost checked myself into the damn hospital just because i wanted someone else to deal with my crazy ass lol wishing to be sedated so the terror and intrusive thoughts and obsessions would go away and give me some peace. lasted at least five hours. none of my usual mind tricks coping tricks were working, just kept getting stuck in that ocd anxiety panic loop, unable to break free or calm down. scared for literally no reason and then scared wondering if that means i m going crazy because fear of insanity is one of my ocd obsessions . my sister finally talked me down over the phone but this is h e l l. it s like being a scared kid who doesn t know what to do about this feeling, but all over again and i m an adult. i m wondering if anyone thinks it could be the depakote? my anxiety and ocd were at high functioning levels for years until two weeks of depakote. can t see the doctor until the 23rd because he s on vacation so i m asking y all until i can ask him.
success or hypomania? regardless things are finally looking up. today my psychiatrist released me! she saved my life several times and i saw her for 5 years but now i'm moving across the country and will need to find someone new. i thought she was going to change my medicine but she said i seemed too stable to make any changes with the move coming up and her not being able to observe me face to face anymore. wow that felt good to not need to add another med. she emphasized my progress and that i should find a doctor in my new area within the next three months but that she considered our time together a success because i became more and more stable as time went on. i walked out of that appointment on air. feeling great. feeling great. walked right into a tattoo parlor and spontaneously got another piercing. next door was a record store so i spent 100 on vinyl. i'm hoping i'm just treating myself instead of ramping up to hypomania. i finally graduated college in december after a whole year of stability and things are truly looking up for me for the first time since 2011. just wanted to stop in to brag a little bit sorry but mostly remind you beautiful humans that stability and success are possible! just keep trucking! i'm so glad i didn't give up and end my life before the good part started. love and light to all of you. thanks for your support along the way i love this community.
coming off of lamactil, which was honestly lovely save for some severe but not sjs skin reactions... i'm in hell, and pdoc wants me to start seroquel but i don't wanna. bleh. i was on 200mg of lamactil for 4 months. i had some of my very best days ever in those 4 months, emotionally speaking, but i had some ugly blisters, and a mouth full of ulcers, that i we eventually decided were due to a reaction to lamactil. so i've been doing a fast taper, 50 lower a week, i'll be done with the taper next weekend... this morning had an emergency appointment witht the pdoc because the depression lows were getting worse than they had been since before starting lamactil... so, she wants me on a fast taper up to 300mg of seroquel. the side effects terrify me, i'm already obese, being lethargic and gaining wait, along with all the other pretty common side effects... i mean i know i'll probably feel better, maybe, but at a cost i'm not entirely sure i can bare. my other option is to use copious amounts of marijuana, which she is like, 50 50 on. she wasn't into marijuana before we had a legal program, and now she's relenting a bit... i have my medical card, but i'm actually totally sold on the idea. funny thing, i've gone and and off with pot since my 20s, but have mostly given it up the 6 months before we had a medical program. just ranting, but if anyone has anything to add that would be great.
i really just can't commit during a manic period i committed to a volunteer position that i didn't realize was actually a 2 year commitment and i have now as of last week committed to another year in this position because i can't say no. we have a big event tomorrow and i just don't want to go. i am one of 2 social media coordinators and the better of the 2 so i'm supposed to be snapping pictures, tweeting, putting stuff on instagram and facebook during the event all day. i'm at a hotel and the bed is just so comfy, i don't see myself getting out of it at 5am. i've struggled to get to my paid job for the last 2 weeks well, really the last 3 months but it's been especially difficult the last 2 weeks leading up to this event . being around a bunch of professional people trying to network while helping... its giving me anxiety and i tried all day talking myself into it. the topics the lecturers are talking about don't even interest me, so that doesn't help. usually at these events there's something i want to listen to, but it's just going to be 8 hours of blah. i don't want to let anyone down, but doing anything is just so difficult right now. i even thought about telling the head of the board i'm on that i have lice, thinking that's embarrassing enough that she won't ask questions and i'll get to avoid going. i just need some motivation or a good excuse to get out of going.
minimal success for 8 months hi! i'm headed into work, so going to just get this out fast in hopes someone can give me advice. i have been at home for almost 4 years with mostly depression, some hypo mania, and one scary manic episode brought on by an antidepressant. i also have extreme anxiety and adhd. i started lithium in august and was able to help my husband at work within a month. i came out of my shell, began to make eye contact, conversation, and was hired on as an administrative assistant. my career was teaching, but i know i can not be that person anymore. i have struggled the whole time, but was managing okay enough to continue. i am not okay again. work is stressful in an unreasonable way and i can feel myself crashing. i am terrified of becoming the hermit i was for 4 years. i was hospitalized last march wanting to die from so much empty. i need to keep a purpose. anxiety is almost unbearable and the empty, i can't do it anymore feeling is taking over. music and tv feels fake and every task is a huge effort. these are some of my signs. i am back to needing ativan to function most days and adderal the others. how can i prevent a full crash? help! current meds lithium 600mg at night ativan a couple times a week and increasing adderal when i am paralyzed several days a week. i just added 500 mg magnesium glycinate and vit d3. any words of wisdom are appreciated.
i'm coming out of a hypomanic episode and need to talk about it. i've been hypomanic for the last 3 weeks. i'm medicated and i'm teetotal etc so it was relatively minor. but fuck me does the depression hit me like a ton of bricks. it's more physical than mental at first. my limbs get heavy. i have zero energy to get up and do simple things. i procrastinate. skip a few meals. not brush my teeth. leave a chore that needs doing. then in a few days i'll feel all the mental affects coming in. if i'm lucky i'll just be comatose for a month. but if a mixed state comes along then it's panic attacks, anxiety, despair and suicidal ideation. fingers crossed it's just depression. the hypomania was alright this time around. i have spent a bit too much, worked a bit too hard, overshared a bit too much, socialised a bit too much. but no real damage this time. it was intense but kind of pleasant. but i can feel the dip is going to be huge. this is anecdotal but it feels like if my mania is under control no psychosis and no mixed state the depression part is deeper. feel kind of quietly melancholic on an epic scale. if that makes any sense. it's going to be a slog for the next month. i should be happy i've got things under control i suppose. anyone else want to share their experiences coming out of mania? it would make me feel better to hear others going through and surviving similar.
being the crazy lady i m 61 now and was diagnosed bipolar 1 at 28. it s quite severe, i get psychotic and inhabit a whole alternate reality. despite taking meds religiously all these years, and trying so many different combos, i still average one manic episode per year and they can go on for months. the consequences of the episodes have been serious, especially when younger. i haven t been able to hold a job and am on disability. unlike many of you that i see here i am often not able to catch myself, and once it s at a certain point i lose all insight and am belligerent if people try to suggest i m not ok. last year i seemed to have a good year and felt more hopeful and optimistic than for some time. but that came crashing down when i was suddenly arrested and dragged off to hospital in the new year i d done nothing criminal but i guess i must ve been acting strange . one of the hardest things for me is the shame and humiliation for how i acted when manic while being adamant that there was nothing wrong with me. in retrospect i could have been seriously harmed or worse when i used to roam around the streets at night and do risky things. nowadays i mostly just post obnoxious nonsense online and get myself banned or blocked. i ve lost friends, like many of us. that irresistible desire to communicate seeks an outlet, you know? i just wondered if anyone could relate.
snake oil saleswoman at work is triggering me very hard she's talking about how her and her partner use energy healing and using frequencies and tapping into the multidimensional levels of consciousness to heal the body mind and spirit. apparently all mental health diagnosis are bullshit and all you need is some energy healing to address their physical, mental and spiritual issues. also apparently my past lives are continuing trauma as well. western medicine is bullshit and so is therapy apparently. i'm so upset. all of this sounds like my psychosis and hearing it from someone who sounds sound of mind is so confusing and upsetting. i thought i was having a spiritual awakening and having that ripped away from medication and a diagnosis was really upsetting. i'm stable now and wouldn't ditch my meds ever but hearing stuff like this makes me feel like i'm broken. edit for anyone who cares i'm sorry for being disrespectful of other cultures who utilize these methods. to be honest i meditate and have explored a lot of what she was talking about and found some comfort in it for a while. my main issue is her completely discounting modern medicine and who knows how many people are running around having episodes thinking they are operating at a god frequency because of people like her. won't apologize for using the term snake oil saleswoman because if the shoe fits...
meds and memory hi everyone, i'm new to this forum, and was diagnosed with bp2 less than a year ago. i'm on a medicine regimen that is working really well for my mood, however my body has adjusted to it and my memory attention and focus are still no where near where they were pre treatment. which i'm a biochem student and i have finals in less than two months so this isn't ideal. currently im on 100mg seroquel i don't think this is effecting my memory very much, it's the first thing the started me on, tbh if it is this id rather have the sleep and 100mg lamictal i'm pretty sure this is the culprit, but idk if stopping it and trying to find something else while school is on session would be safer or riskier in terms of cognative abilities they had me on buspar but i stopped taking that within a few weeks of school starting because it was just impossible. and stopping that helped a lot and then he raised my lamictal and it's still better than it was but not where it needs to be. i'd really rather not take amphetamines, but if anyone has had similar problems with these or could suggest something that's helped them so i could do some research and bring it up with my doc in a few weeks thatd be wonderful. also side note i think the lamictal was making me anemic so i doubled up on my iron and b vitamins, so im not sure it might still be due to some level of anemia
how i stopped letting anxiety spirals control my life xpost r mentallyhealthier i used to spend most of the day caught up in anxiety spirals. i used to fall into the trap of getting stuck in the past and beating myself up about mistakes, or fretting about the way things could go wrong in the future. there's a term for this rumination. the only way i've found out of this terrible habit is through mindfulness meditation. mindfulness is paying attention in a particular way on purpose, in the present moment. figuring this out, the idea that you can live your life without reliving your life story, has significantly improved my quality of life. i recently read this study https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pubmed 19733812 https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pubmed 19733812 the participants engaged in mindfulness based stress reduction therapy, and the conclusion was the more mindfulness meditation had been practiced, the less rumination was reported at follow up assessment. though the participants were in a full on 8 week course of therapy, you can easily do this yourself with some effort. basically, the goal is to decenter from thoughts and emotions, to see thoughts come and go without attaching any important truth or meaning to them. i'd recommend downloading the headspace app, it teaches this stuff in a very practical way, and i found it to be very effective when i started out.
i think my wife might be bipolar. advice? so my wife was diagnosed with depression just over a year ago for reasons i won't go into. she cycled through some medication until she found one that worked mirtazapine. she has been taking this for 95 of the year since she has been diagnosed. my concern is, is that while there has been improvements in herself, as much as less self hatred, which is something she struggled with. more recently she has been far more verbally violent and sometimes gets physical as well in herself and on me. the latter only once, the former a number of times. this isnt her nature, before she was diagnosed with depression and before the event that triggered it she was wonderfully sweet, caring, comforting and affirming of me, but now when she is in one of these phases of what seems like bpd all hell breaks loose if i say the wrong thing, it just triggers her, and i am unsure of how to deal with that, how do i deal with that. i was reading the post on here about how ssri's and snri's can bring on these phases of not supplemented with something else. i wonder if this is happening? i am at a loss. i live my wife dearly, but i don't know what to do about this. how do i support her, how do i enable her to understand how she is being and seek help in that way? any advice welcome, or any words of support appreciated. thanks. a guy from the uk.
antidepressant induced mania even while on a mood stabilizer? howdy partners i have bipolar type ii and am currently taking 1250mg of depakote. i'm extremely happy with how well my moods are regulated on this medication i still have a full emotional range without experiencing devastating highs and lows. however, i also have ocd and gad, and so my psychiatrist recently prescribed me 10mg of lexapro. i've only been taking it for around a week, but i'm concerned that it's triggering mania. my mood the last few days has been exactly what it is when i'm entering a manic episode increased sex drive, irate, distractible, and impulsive. i knew that antidepressant induced mania was possible, but i thought concurrently taking a mood stabilizer would circumvent that possibility. the fact that it's only been a week encourages me to attribute this to something else, but nothing has happened to trigger anything like this and my moods have been so good as of late. it may be worthwhile to note that, while my depakote blood concentration is in the therapeutic range, it's at the low end. is it possible that the lexapro is inducing a manic episode and my blood concentration levels aren't high enough to combat it? or is a week too short of a time period to induce such a thing and i should just call this a bad week? has anyone here experienced anything like this? thanks y'all
substituting geodon for indica strains hello, i am currently on 125mg lamictal when i wake up then 40mg geodon before bed. i have gone from 240lbs lithium as mood stabilizer to instead 215lbs on lamictal mood stabilizer . so, in trying to get back to the weight i was before medication, 180lbs, i will experiment if indica cannibis can produce similar, or better, sleep effects as geodon. if anyone has tried or is in a state where they can try please comment. my guess is a couple hits off a indica was vape pen and a small edible and you will be counting sheep within an hour. keep in mind i will be continuing on the lamictal mood stabilizer studied to cause weight loss and only seek to eliminate lessen my dosage of geodon said to have low risk of weight gain, which for me is 45 pounds . thanks for reading also, i have tried up too 200 mg of cbd oil which was advertised as a alternative for anti psychotics with no success. when i took them in place of the geodon i would only nap for a few hours in what felt like a shallow, half awake sleep. i would not recommend spending 80 dollars on a 30, 30mg capsules from wildflower cbd.com which was recommended by high times so i assume it is legit they simply do not help you stay asleep. i would try the indica strain canabis for myself but live in a state that is dragging their heels with there medical marijuana program.
crosspost from advice i'm at a crossroads with career due to mental illness i'm 26 i do tier 1 amp 2 tech support and other it tasks at a decently sized fortune company. i've been diagnosed with bipolar for 6 years. anxiety and previously depression for 15 i've been having one of the worst depressed episodes in years. we're going on 5 months now. typically when i have an episode and i'm working the either the collateral damage from the mania or stagnancy from the depression lead to me losing my job. but with this one i have short term disability insurance and fmla so my job is protected. i'm at home thinking about what i want to do with my life and if the life i lead could be contributing to the stress i feel. i went to high school for writing and was a college drop out for film. i have a passion for the arts, a talent for the science, and an interest in a lot of other fields. and surmountable debt from my previous studies. part of me knows the reasonable thing would be to go back to work, but it feels like a big ol wall is blocking me. the tricky thing is that the disease makes you feel like moving and making changes and starting new projects and idk if thats what that really is. i could use some outside insight i'm trying to figure out if it makes sense to go back to school and apply for disability scholarships ect or continue down the technology path.
trying to fight through with no help. failing miserably. i've always struggled with depression but this is the worst it's ever been. i can't really open up to my family because they aren't the best support. my boyfriend has been going through lots of stress and just spends his time in video games. i don't blame him. it's been tough i do not have health insurance at the moment, although, i should have it within a few months. the timing could not be worse and i'm trying.. so.. hard to remain positive. despite having the worst depression of my life i've managed to stay interested in the things i enjoy. recently, i've grown more and more uninterested and numb. today i don't feel like doing anything. i stayed in bed all day i barely ate and haven't had any water. i barely want to move. i'm thinking about suicide every chance i get and breathing feels like a chore. i don't know what i'm trying to get out of posting i just needed to tell someone. i need to go to a hospital or something but i can not. this is the worst feeling ever. knowing you need help but can't receive any and being completely alone on top of that. honestly, my cats are keeping me going at this point. i wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy depression is a terrible, terrible thing. i don't think i can even talk without feeling like i'm going to cry yet i feel so numb? it's hard to explain it.
i'm spiraling out of control and being diagnosed with a deadly virus, with a cure that costs 70k 90k. i'm splitting on everyone i know and actively trying to make my situation worse that way i can't come back from it.. bipolar 2 bpd a week and a half ago i was diagnosed with hepatitis c. a deadly virus that costs about 70,000 90,000 to cure. i work an entry level retail job and can't afford it this diagnosis caused me to go from feeling on top of the world, and stable, to actively wanting to die, feeling that nobody wants me around or loves me, and splitting on everyone around me. today i told the people i'm close to that i'm suicidal, and then i blocked them all. i don't want relationships anymore. i always let people down, and i don't feel like anybody needs me . i genuinely don't want to be close to anyone again, because either i get let down, or i let them down, or i push them away. it's only going to be a matter of time before i am fired from my job, and i'm homeless. i don't have any food, as i don't have a car or a way to get it, and i'm miserable. i've been writing letters if you get what i'm saying. and i've been planning things out in my head.. i feel like this isn't something i can pull myself out of. even if i did manage to start feeling better, i'd still me an unwanted outcast with a deadly, contagious virus. i hate myself, i hate my life.
lacking the will to...well...do anything. i literally want to do nothing. 24 7. i force myself to get out of bed, put the coffee on, dress my self, get the kids off to school, and walk my 4 miles daily. i do these things because i am supposed to. i have no desire to do anything. i wish to sleep all day every day and do nothing else. all of the things that used to be bring me joy or i felt passionate about hold no appeal. so now i sit and watch the world pass me by and feel sorry for myself about it. then i feel guilt for being so pathetic. yet none of it motivates me to get up off the couch and do anything at all. i was on a chemical cocktail of 4 pills which took me about 2 years of trial and error to find for bipolar 1 and severe social anxiety but nothing seemed to make a dent in the suicidal ideation or crippling depression. i stopped taking everything 2 months ago. i am neither better nor worse. this is the longest depressive episode of my life and while i am glad no manic symptoms have presented themselves, i m also almost hoping for them to arrive because this deep dark hole i m in is suffocating me. i have a great support system, a loving boyfriend, and everything i need in life. there is no excuse for being this pathetically lazy and self loathing. i m sick of being sick of myself. mmk. if you made it this far, thanks for reading. rant over.
abilify is scaring me so recently i was 'diagnosed' by a psychiatrist. i see a psychologist these days, we really just talk about things and i don't find that particularly helpful. i swing between horrible depression and even worse panic attacks spells of psychosis. i used to drink to 'level' myself out but in the past 4 years that really hasn't helped things and just made the psychosis worse. also my current gf has a flat 'no drinking' policy. anyway after 6 months being on the waiting list at the only place my gp would refer me too, i was given a 1 hour assessment and a script for abilify. i have a long, long history of eating disorders along with the alcohol abuse. this past 13 months i have gone from being a happy 78kg i'm 6ft 2 to a huge 115kg because i don't have my crutch of alcohol anymore. i'm scared of abilify. i just took my first dose. i'm terrified of the weight gain. when i was 16 i was put on seroquel and i blew up like a baloon which started my crippling ed bullshit. i told all this to my psych and he assured me that abilify was 'completely side effect free' and 'weight neutral' but my pharmacist was flabbergasted and told me i could expect a similar trail to seroquel? so toss the meds and get a second opinion? or is it not as scary as all that? can anyone tell me they've had any positive experiences with atypical antipsychotics?
i used amphetamines to trigger mania. so i have bipolar ii and since i started medication mood stabilizers with ssri's that supposedly affect the noradrenaline don't know the correct english term just like stimulants since i started this i managed to pull out of my cannabis addiction, alcohol problem and get my grades up. last year i tried elvanse active substanse lisdex in swedish amphetamine on two occasions and it triggered a full blown mania episode for a solid month. like not even hypomania, mania. today i did the same but i could only get my hands on normal street amphetamines, i snorted around 0.3g of it on different occasions between 07 00 and 13 30, where i snorted 0.2g. the effect should wear off around 21 30. should i expect the same thing? i am very careful when it comes to this, and i know it's a bad idea just talking about the substance itself. but how bad is this, could this lead to developing bipolar i? i had a much worse deppressive period during autumn than i usually do. the same duration but worse and it led to drug alkohol problems when i first started ssri without mood stabilizers. i am certain this period was because the stimulant even though i only used it twice during spring when i didn't have any medication. but could this be remedied by just using this substance every couple of month and keeping my regular medications?
bipolar and ppd hi everyone. i m really, really struggling today. i was diagnosed with bipolar ll in 2010. i gave birth to my first child in june of 2016. while pregnant i was on a very low dose of my medications i had taken before i became pregnant. we were not trying to get pregnant but ended up conceiving on our wedding night. after giving birth i started suffering from ppd. i hated my daughter, wanted absolutely nothing to do with her. i sought treatment at a private hospital that had a mother baby ppd program. i had my tubes tied to prevent another pregnancy and i thought that was a great idea. i thought i was one and done. after the tubal ligation i had a lot of other complications which lead to my having a full hysterectomy. i guess the reason that i m struggling is because i so badly want to have another child. i want my daughter to have a sibling. i want to bless my home with another little blessing. my daughter is now the biggest joy in my life. of course i still struggle with my bipolar. i m on a constant roller coaster. i do know that if you have ppd with an early pregnancy you are bound to have it with one that follows. i honestly don t know why i m posting this and not sure if i will go through with posting it. i can t talk to my husband about this because he definitely does not want another child. i m just so heart broken today
work troubles starting a new job? i started a job last week. i ve been in a really stable place for a few months, and if anything i ve been on the hypo side. able to be super positive and all that which is great because my new company is targeted towards a younger demographic and therefore marketing needs to be pretty upbeat and kid friendly. i was so excited about this job, because who doesn t want to work in a positive environment where it s encouraged to be creative and even a little silly with work? well, as expected, i got hit by a wall of depression. making new friends at the office is tough since i m so disconnected the med brain fog doesn t help . having a hard time being productive, and generally performing the way i know i can. i ve usually been able to work effectively even through my hardest depressions, but the brain fog is making it near impossible. i honestly feel dumb. does anyone have any advice with this? have you been there, and how did you get through it? this might be a dumb question, and the likely answer is you just do , but i hope someone has a better one. i m usually able to hold onto the fact that my mood will change and things will be better for a bit, but i m really struggling right now. thank you. tldr extreme brain fog and depression. how am i supposed to start a new job like this and make a good impression. sos.
lamictical and depakote okay! sorry in advance on mobile. so june 1, 2018 i had my third child. i was diagnosed bipolar a few years ago and never really took eating healthy very seriously. after i had my third baby, i lost my mind. anyways, we started working with a doctor and trying to find treatment. she started me off with lamictical ? spelling and i had never been happier! it worked wonderfully and it was the best two months of my mental health in a very long time at least 10 years . while i was upping my doses slowly, i got the dreaded rash. so off of that. since then i ve been on at least 7 different kinds of medication and keep having to switch because of side effects ruining my life. everything from weight gain, to hallucinations . i still haven t lost any of the weight that meds caused me to gain at least 50 pounds . i went and saw my doctor today and she wants me to be on a mix of depakote extended release because immediate didn t work and fluoxetine. i m asking for any and all advice. trying this many different meds in such a short amount of time is awful. it s taking a toll on not just me, but my family. i need to get this crap figured out! i m almost to a point where i don t wanna be medicated at all because apparently?! none work for me. i m so disappointed and discouraged. has anyone had this cocktail of meds and had it work?
i feel like this is killing me, but still no one listens..? i am convinced that i have been suffering from bipolar since the age of 19, i am now 21. i don't think i'll make it to 30, i just can't see it happening. i've been cycling between manic episodes which start off fun and then end up making me irritable, paranoid and delusional and then crippling depression, where i lie in bed all day feeling like i'm burning in the fiery pits of hell and each year it seems to get more intense. i can't hold down a job or maintain a relationship for more than a couple weeks. i can't afford to feed myself a lot of the time. after waiting for months i got to see a psychiatrist who discharged me after i told her i had been smoking weed, saying i had a substance abuse problem, but not addressing the underlying issue which i believe to be bipolar. luckily i live in new zealand where we have sweet welfare benefits which are just enough to put a roof over my head. i basically feel like when i kill myself, it won't be because i had mental health problems, it will be because no one would help me. people willl say at my funeral, oh if you were struggling with depression why didn't you tell someone, even tho in actual fact it's basically all i ever fucking talk about, and no one listens. does anyone have any advice? i'm so confused and just feel stuck.
unbearable, mind boggling irritability i had my meds down to a science. topamax, seroquel, buspar, sertraline, gabapentin, and a little klonopin for the bad days. and then something happened. i developed an allergy to seroquel. a bad one. i had been fighting a rash for weeks without nailing down the cause...took two seroquel and 45 minutes later i went into shock. if my husband had not hit me with the epipen i would have been dead almost immediately. amp x200b i had to give up all my meds. we are slowly reintroducing i take 1 sertraline a day and the occasional klonopin because this is the 7th time i have developed a reaction after years of taking a medication. i realize not dying is super important......but. amp x200b i can live with mood swings, fatigue, headaches, depression, anxiety and more. but this irritability is not okay. i quit smoking 4 yers ago. it feels like that only worse. i wan't everyone around me to sit down and shut up. people at work drive me crazy. my kid drives me crazy. my husband drives me crazy. i spend my entire day 5 seconds from screaming, crying, or throwing something. amp x200b does anyone else deal with this pervasive irrational bitchiness???? note for those of you that will ask i have an appointment with my pych tomorrow, just looking for some feedback from folks that may have felt the same thing.
i don t have an appointment until thursday and i am barely hanging on... horrible mixed episode... not sure what to do in this situation it started with a massive depressive episode after over a month of doing really good. it came out of nowhere with none of the usual triggers or red flags. it got to they point where i was about to go to the er. the only thing that stopped me is that i work at the hospital and i would have been seen by people i know. i made it through the night. since then i have had a few days of being almost constantly awake, in various states of mania and hopelessness. my therapist can t see me until thursday and my psych doc can t see me until next tuesday. my antipsychotic was gone, i had been doing so good that i hadn t used it in forever. all i have had is my usual meds, which aren t doing anything and my lorazepam for my panic attacks. yesterday i had a huge panic attack in the middle of all this, ended up taking more loraz than ever before and it barely touched it. my girlfriend found me walking along in the snow crying by the side of the road. an absolute mess. first time i have cried in probably 2 years too, i can t usually get emotional but it all just started pouring out. i just don t know what to do to get through until my appointment. how can i make it with all those hours between now and then?
does dating get any easier??? hi! first reddit post like ever i think haha. i'm 19 and was diagnosed with bipolar 1 when i was 16 after the classic ssri trigged manic episode. i am on medication and regularly attend dbt therapy both in group format and with a private therapist. treatment disclosure aside i am really just looking for anyone to use their more lived experiences as some advice for how to date while living with bd. i know it can get better and that letting one's self get caught into the spiral of feeling like you're doomed just becomes a self fulfilling prophecy, but the constant cycle of being a guys' dream girl simply because i'm manic and down to do whatever little does he know i only view him as an awkward sidekick until i start slipping back down into depression only to be told i'm a little much soon as i begin feeling depressed again. there's many other questions and anxieties i have regarding letting myself be loved but that might make this post a little too long gt 0 on a separate note whether or not i am sad i got dumped again, i can be happy daylight savings happened and i can now relish in the extra sunlight. plus in addition to lithium i had armodafinil added to my regimen and it has helped immensely with my adhd and i am in the process of titrating lamotrigine which i am hopeful will help even more.
hypomania and self control i need help. i need help. i know i am the only one who is responsible for the behaviours i produce, i know i have to help myself, but i need help. i have the opportunity of my life, to enter a training that might lead to employment with a big software company, it is something that i never did before, i am excited and have big ambitions. not to be the ceo, lol, just to follow my dreams in an environment that is beneficial for me intelectually. but then again, i took the interview when i was on the low phase, and now the excitement has triggered my hypomania. i am a different person, to say so, from the one who applied. i am afraid they will realize i am mentally ill, unstable and possibly a liability for the company. i hope i am not a liability, but i feel like it when i take bad decisions because i am hypomanic, when i can't express myself clearly for the same reasons, when i do weird things, etc. tomorrow is my first day of training. i am pondering if i should double my antipsychotic dose got approval to do it when i am not well, from my pdoc or just go there as i am and deal with my mood, stay focused no matter how much effort that takes. i need to be stronger than i think i ever was. more disciplined than i honestly think it is possible for me. i just met my own limits and i am so very scared.
experiences with mixed eps? self harm suicide mention, description of episode i was wondering what your mixed episodes were like, if you care to share. i thought i was stable for a day or so because i was getting shit done, but not going as crazy as usual on a hypo episode. but today... oy! i got like zero sleep, and am currently wide awake writing this at 3am, got up and ran some errands that i ususally do with my husband alone because i was annoyed that he was still tired. like i wanted to kick him in the head because he was still asleep. and in the car i randomly started crying and couldn't stop until i started screaming. when i stopped screaming, i began to cry again this went on for some time. my chest feels like it's going to burst open and every other thought i have is either god i just want to die, please let me die, or i should go buy some new razors. i haven't showered in...awhile?... and my room is absolutely disgusting which i would usually clean obsessively on a normal hypo episode, but i just have zero energy. i can feel myself getting fatter and grosser but the thought of going to the gym make me want to throw up. maybe it's just a light depressive episode? i just got out of one though, man i would hate for another to start so soon! love you guys, hope you're all coping well, and having a good new year lt 3
accepting bipolar and getting medicated first time posting here. actually, i made a post earlier and deleted it because it was long. i am diagnosed bp1 mixed episodes, rapid cycling , ptsd and adhd. the meds i took only made things worse so i stopped. i've been fighting symptoms unmedicated due to subconscious fear and denial. i had a psychotic episode last week that lasted a few days. at one point i recognized my delusions for what they were but the feelings didn't leave. i even had the presence of mind mind to mention inpatient. but i was too scared. so instead of taking it out on my husband verbally, i internalized. i have so much self loathing that i felt i deserved to be hurt. to die. i didn't deserve my family. but i couldn't abandon them either. i love them and they should have so much better than me. in the past month or two i stopped taking care of myself. i feel so stressed. i force myself to eat once every other day. i haven't been showering or grooming in a while. fighting addiction. not sleeping. car keeps breaking and i can't keep up with bills. i hate myself but want to change. would you go to the new appointments or consider inpatient at this point? i have gotten a new job and i desperately want to excel there. what should i tell them? i will get stable. i hope i never experience a psychotic episode again.
people who found a life partner what did you do to not mess it up in the beginning? hey! so i regularly struggle with dating, which often tips me into a manic episode. and when im in a manic episode, i get hypersexual. and when i get hypersexual, all my dates turn into one night stands. in my experience and its a lot one night stands never lead to a real relationship. so going into dating this time, i really wanted to break that habit and do nothing sexual on the first date, but i was unsure if i could stick to that because my manic hypersexuality is strong. i swiped right on the most attractive man ive ever matched with on a dating app, totally out of my league. we talked for a few days, and then met and had an amazing date. we had ice cream, went to a book store, and art museum. im trying to figure out the line between manic and adventurous, but it felt nice and not dangerous. anyway, before the date i sent a friendly but firm text that i didnt want to do anything physical, not even kiss. he said he would respect that, and he did. at the end i even tried, i said i wanted to kiss him when we parted. he said he wanted to kiss me too but we should wait for the right time. i dont want to mess this up !! any tips? when do i tell him im bipolar and how much do i tell him? i want to lock this man down. any advice appreciated!
what do you think? i have a question if someone did horrible things while manic cheating on spouse, sleeping with prostitutes, breaking up your family, verbal mental physical abuse should they be responsible for their actions? what if they didn t have insight that their disease caused them to behave so abnormally? my husband was recently diagnosed as having bpd w psychotic features. for the past year he s made my life a living hell. he s currently still unstable and delusional. he s been on treatment w antipsychotics for 3 weeks almost 4 but delusions are still present. his delusions were all centered around me being unfaithful. this lead him to act extremely abnormal as a result. i wonder what will happen if he ever gains insight, is it possible to recognize how his thinking has been ? for any or you who have experienced delusions firsthand, were you able to look back after the fact and realize your thoughts were not consistent with reality? because he thinks thought i was unfaithful he searched for endless women on dating sites and hook up apps while he was manic hyper sexual he s now involved with another woman, and told her he s never been married and doesn t have children. i know if he were stable, he never would ve behaved this way. i don t know what to do anymore or how to help! please advise! thanks everyone!
i got married too young i m bipolar ii. i receive no treatment because i simply cannot afford it. i breastfeed my 8 month old daughter and can t afford therapy. i ve never felt 100 certain in my choice to get married or have a baby. i don t know what the heck i m doing, my life is a series of rapid cycle. i want to have sex with everyone, i m attracted to everyone but my husband, i wish i d never got married, never had a baby though i love her so much and my mind is so fucking conflicted. i met him 2 months after escaping an abusive relationship, slept with him the night we met, he moved in within 2 months, we were married in just over a year after finding out i was pregnant. if i didn t know my child, i d have wanted an abortion. but now i know i m my baby, i can t put her through adoption etc i love her so much but have no will power. also, tonight i sexted with my friend s ex. the ex and i are good friends but this was insane. he s mentally unstable too. what the fuck am i? i believed in god, but now i m not so sure. what god would let me feel this way? i can t control my emotions i m neurotic. but now it s going to affect my tiny human s life. what the fuck have i done? edit extra info,i m in the uk. waiting lists for mental health are averaging on 1y 2y long and i can t afford private to pay for queue jumps
rapid cycling? need help i am a 38yo female. my pdoc says i rapid cycle. because i was untreated for 20 years, my bipolar cycles have gotten shorter and shorter as i've aged. now a cycle lasts 3, maybe 4 days. i'm on abilify and lamictal. have been for almost a year. i still have little baby cycles, but lately my depression is really hitting me hard. it's weird, i'm deeply depressed but have energy to get out of bed, go to class, socialize, etc. i guess that is thanks to my medication. i am really becoming discouraged and hopeless. i'm having intrusive thoughts of suicide just because i am sick of being stuck in this endless loop of misery. and now i don't even get the hypomania to look forward to. i have often thought about how easy it would be to hang myself and just be done with it all. i'm not going to kill myself but i can't get this idea that i should out of my head. i do go to therapy which i do not find helpful as of late and my next pdoc appt is next week. i'm worried that my doctor will want to commit me if i admit how awful i'm feeling. i've never been committed and if i was, i'd fail out of my classes which would just be more fucking depressing. if anyone has words if encouragement or anything to help me out i'd really, really appreciate it. i feel very alone right now. i just need some relief.
non medication mental wellness tips? i m medicated and doing well but still get tired out and wish i had more energy and felt awake when i want to. usually during the workweek i m distracted enough that i don t feel tired. on the weekends i m consistently tired enough that i need a nap unless i m super distracted by a task or social engagement. what more can i do? i go to bed at 9 or 10 pm and wake up at 6 30. i never feel rested and basically have to army crawl out of bed. i follow every sleep hygiene tip out there no caffeine after 2 pm, block out all light and sound other than watching tv before bed no phone screen time in bed though . i get a ton of exercise, at least 1 hour per day of walking my dog and walking to from work. i also work a very physical job but it s not my body that s tired out, it s sleepiness. i eat clean and quit eating refined sugars about 6 weeks ago. my junkiest food that i eat is probably sugar free rice putting. no fried shit, no chips, no fast food, none of that. i also have adhd but am not medicated for it nothing has worked and i m on seroquel but feel as tired as i did on 200 mg as i do on 100 mg. i m sober and my only vice is vaping at the lowest concentration of nicotine. what else can i do? i m well enough to actually develop new routines and standards and stick to them.
question i ve been very conflicted the last several days. i started vraylar 5 days ago and have noticed since that i ve been feeling small charges of minor, anxious energy and even more minor things happening during my sleep. today i went further and got my usual hypomania symptoms warmth pressure in chest, random thoughts, forgetting thoughts, many ideas but it was still more minor than my last episode and lasted shortly under an hour . my last episode btw, also seemed to include rapid cycling and maybe mixed states. i would cycle between hm, normal, or depression in one day or under a day and have symptoms of all 3 during hm. the previous episode which was my first a year ago, wasn t like this. sure i had the energy spikes here and there but it wasn t nearly as intense in symptoms and i didn t cycle between depression, just crashed into it at the end. and boooyy that was my worst depressive episode yet . anyhow after this recent episode, i crashed into bad depression with suicidal thoughts then went baseline and have been that way till the last few days. my question is is the vraylar causing hypomania or have i progressed into rapid cycling due to my illness being untreated for a year and the meds are helping it, which is why it s so minor? i know this is a lot but damn, this is confusing and worrisome
about to make a terrible financial decision for my own mental health... as the title says, i'm about to make a stupid decision. we're in debt 4k due to my stupid spending in the past we all know what this is like. here's the thing, i haven't seen my mom in 5 years. i haven't seen any family besides who i brought with me when i moved away, and i miss them so much. since i left i've had at least one psychotic break, i lost a chance to obtain my dream job, and i lost the chance to graduate this year something i was on track for in the last few years. i just want to hug my mom. even thirty somethings need to see their mom sometimes. we're going on a vacation back home. it's going to throw us into another 2k of debt even while making use of rewards miles points. we're already doing it, the plans are set in motion, but i feel really awful that i have to sacrifice more financial security just to get a break from my stressful life. is this the kind of debt that's ok? i miss home so much it makes me cry, i need to go back to my roots and find strength there. i guess i just need to know that this is an ok thing to do. i feel so guilty for putting my family in debt and that i can't get a job to pay it all back. i can't keep living like this without the support of my friends and family, and they're all so far away
are those hallucinations? for a few months i've been having more paranoid moments, and they were followed by the feeling of seeing something moving in the corner of my eye. sometimes i would see sudden movement on the very verge of my vision and it would freak me out, but after that i would always check the thing and it would be a charger slipping off the bed and such. the dark flashes not the actual real moving stuff would always leave me disturbed, but i always just freezed in shock and then i was able to rationalise it and calm down. however, this week i was laying in bed with my partner and when i turned my face to the wall, in the shadow i saw a dark moving shape, like an animal or a black blob of darkness, crawling into the bed. my body immediately started screaming to the point of throat hurting afterwards, i was extremely terrified and scared about our safety. for the first time i was actually staring at something shadowy moving it wasn't just a sharp movement in the corner of my eye, but something i could look at and it would still be looking absolutely scary. are experiences like this hallucinations? before i thought it was just paranoia oh, i'm scared that someone would break into my flat, so i'm seeing more movements because i'm scared , but that was different. do you also experience this?
survey participate in a research study on interpersonal stress and suicide risk 18 50 gift card raffle i am a doctoral student in fordham university s mood and behaviors lab, conducting a study on the role of personality, interpersonal stress, and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. the study aims to investigate whether there is a relationship between certain personality characteristics and suicidal thoughts and or behaviors, and how perceptions of interpersonal stress and relationships with close others may play a role. you do not need to have a history of suicidal thoughts and or behaviors to participate. you must be 18 years of age or older. your participation is completely voluntary and you can end the study at any time, and all data is confidential. after completion of the study, you may enter a raffle to win one of two possible 50 e gift cards. if you are interested in participating in the study, please click on the link below. you must take this survey on a desktop or laptop computer. this study should take approximately one hour to complete. https fordham.co1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv eyxdal1eltnheyv https fordham.co1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv eyxdal1eltnheyv we hope that this research helps us better understand risk factors for suicidal thoughts and behaviors. thank you very much for your time!
new diagnosis, nervous about medication was diagnosed with bp 1, but it must be the mildest ever, based on reading posts on here. i have been taking lexapro for three years, b c previous therapists diagnosed anxiety disorder. so currently, i have a lot of mania, but very little depression. and the mania doesn't seem too extreme my therapist thought it was bp 2 but the psych testing came back bp 1, which she agrees with now. i have thought i was the second coming on occasions, that's probably the most manic idea i've had. i have a good career, have always done well in the workplace. i am a mom and wife, and my family loves me. so i really hesitate to medicate. but i also wonder if i should keep taking lexapro? my therapist said withdrawl from that is ugly, so she doesn't recommend it. but maybe it's been triggering my mania? i was also diagnosed with mixed personality disorder, mainly borderline with a heavy dose of narcissism. so naturally, i am very concerned with medication that could affect my skin already went through struggles with acne while younger, not going to do that again and also obsess about my weight. anyone on a mood stabilizer that others haven't experienced acne or weight gain with? and no lithium for me, it's an unnecessary hit on my kidneys when i am pretty functional unmedicated.
struggling with new medication, and shame. i was diagnosed with bipolar ii three years ago. this is the first time i've been on mood stabilizers. i had a lot of shame when i was diagnosed, and they started me on anti depressants. after awhile, i stopped taking them. stopped going to my cbt appointments. essentially went mia because i felt like everyone around me was treating me like i was crazy. my highs and lows have been out of control lately. after struggling with self harm when i was depressed, and nearly quitting my job and deciding to move to another state i didn't. i decided i needed some help. so, now i'm on 300mg of seroquel. i just started it so i need to give it some time, but every fiber of my being says 'flush them.' i feel like i zombie, and i'm wondering if maybe i can just learn to cope instead of being on medication. i smoke weed sometimes to help curb my anxiety, and help me sleep. sleep isn't an issue now. i know there is a good chance i'll gain weight, and i'm already pretty overweight so that idea alone makes me feel really shitty. i'm ashamed to be on medication again, so nobody in my family knows. just this thread, and one friend, now... i feel alone in all of this, so i suppose that's why i'm writing here. thoughts? suggestions? edit, added a sentence and spelling correction
coworker talks down to me about mental health i started taking a mood stabilizer and an antipsychotic after being diagnosed with bipolar type ii earlier last year. it took a lot to admit there was an issue and to seek a psychiatrist. i was proud of the progress i made this last year. i felt great until a coworker made me feel like shit and that my progress meant nothing i have a coworker that is much older than me, he frequently talks down to me in front of the entire team and has the attitude that his opinion is gospel no matter the circumstances. i m two years out of college with limited experience so i approached him about my frustration and how i can improve. he got very defensive and denied any part in this. instead of talking it through with me he monologued about mental health and seeking a therapist to talk about my frustrations at work instead i sat there and listened to him monologue trying to act like it was fine, but damn did it hurt to be talked down to about my mental health. i never told anyone about my diagnosis, medication or treatment. i always tried to prevent my bipolar disorder from affecting my job performance at all either, the main issues were from how it affected my life outside of work. i m seeking a new job now, but has anyone had experiences like this with coworkers?
should i call my psychiatrist? trigger warn i don't know what to do. all of the sudden last friday i took a nose dive deep deep into suicidal harmful depression. i saw my pdoc thursday, when i was doing ok. now i am constantly thinking of suicide. i tried to smother myself with a pillow, twice. i figured it wouldn't work, but gave it a go. then i tried to see if i could get a gun from amazon spoiler alert... no you can't . i was in so much mental anguish i self harmed the typical way... but that wasn't enough. i wanted to break my hand. i needed to. for three days over and over i've been beating it with a hammer. yesterday it was as swollen as a half a golf ball. i haven't told anyone. i don't trust anyone. i don't want to go to the hospital again. i tried calling my therapist, but she only works 2 days a week. i'm afraid to call my doc. i don't want to waste his time, or for him to think i am just trying to get attention or something. i don't know what to do. i'm desperate for help, but i don't trust anyone. i've tried sooooo many treatments. last month i finished a round of 25 ect with ketamine sessions. i've gone through all the drugs. nothing helps. nothing will ever help. i just want to be put out. and i 100 do not want to go sit in the stupid hospital. that would make 6 months in a row.
when i think about advancing in my career be it a job or a degree i feel like i can t do it and i should die instead. after my bachelors degree passing out in 2019, i enrolled myself in a masters program abroad in 2021 where i first had an episode and i had to come back and drop out. i m on medication since 2018 and in continual therapy. after me abruptly leaving my degree course i thought i ll take up a job in my home country and i did. i worked for a year and then i just couldn t continue. i had hormonal issues because of my medication and severe depression i was suicidal and i couldn t attend a single meeting without crying. i left my job this year after revealing that my mental health is not appropriate for work right now and i need a break. now again i m planning to do my masters abroad as my boyfriend lives there and i want to live with him. it s either masters or a job in my home country for a year and then masters. both options feel difficult and i feel like i can not make it. i have been feeling so stressed that i feel i should give up on life because i can t do anything with my career and i can t survive like a dead body. i have to do something. sometimes i feel so paralysed that i feel like i m a financial burden to my family and will be a burden on my boyfriend as well if i move.
lost it during d amp d hey everyone, bp1, long time sufferer and diagnosed almost for a decade now around 7 8yrs ago amp x200b i have been struggling, recently i have found out i am pre diabetic, and that my years of self medication mixed with regular meds has done a number on my liver. this has caused me to go on a diet, and change my regular intake of food, essentially being 275lbs at 5'8 is not a great thing. i've been agitated by just about everything, couple that with a mixed state and it's a powder keg waiting to explode in rage. amp x200b to get to the point i was being nit picked by 2 fairly pedantic friends who are playing characters in the game i am dm'ing. i could tell that this was going to be something they were planning on doing for the entirety of the session, so i decided to try and nip it in the bud, what started off as a joke turned into a full on rage rant. no profanity or throwing specific individuals under the bus, more so a blanket warning that i will not be taking shit from anyone. amp x200b my face turned red, a couple members laughed at the rant, others seemed stunned, and i felt like a prick. i haven't apologized yet, but now i feel like a complete asshole. i feel stretched thin, down, and exhausted. amp x200b so yeah,... i'm a dick head dungeon master... amp x200b
a letter to me the following is a letter i have written to myself to help me battle intense depression. i write this and add to it when i'm coming from a much better place. if there is one positive thing that has come from this illness it is that the wild variance in mood has helped me gain perspective. dear , here you are again. you've been dragged kicking and screaming into the darkness, the abyss, the place where there is only one way out. you barely eat, lie in bed all day but hardly sleep. ordinary tasks have become insurmountable. even your bed to which you have been bound is no safe haven. ideation and contemplation have reared their ugly heads. clear your mind of these terrible thoughts for now. remember that you have been here before. don't forget what you have learned. depression is not your enemy! you are mistaken. this immense weight you carry with you, though debilitating now, is a blessing in disguise. it is a badge of honor, a shield that covers you from head to toe. take comfort in the fact that you can persevere and survive this as you have done before. and when you leave this place, don't forget to take the shield with you. with it you will find peace in knowing that you withstand anything, because you have been to the worst place imaginable... and survived to write this.
probably hypo after med change here i am at 6, after an hour of staring at the ceiling and trying not to move too much, after going to at 2 30 'cause i wasn't tired. this is all coming off the back of a month long depressive episode with a lot of suicidal contemplation, which was finally ended by an increase in seroquel to 300mg, an increase in lamictal to 100mg twice a day, and a decrease in lithium over the last few months from 900mg a day to 300. i have felt fantastic the last 4 or so days, but everyone around me is freaking out because i'm too hyper and loud and all over the place, especially my gf, who's going through a rough patch. i can't even sit still long enough to comfort her and it's really freaking her out. of course the only other time i've been like this was right before i crashed and burned and went to the hospital for a week, so bad feelings all around i guess. it just seems odd that this would come about after an increase in seroquel and lamictal. if it stays too much longer i might drop a note for the psychiatrist, because i know this isn't sustainable, it just feels so damn good. is this common to switch like this after a med change? also, how the hell do i deal with all the people freaking out thinking this is going to wind up putting me in the psych ward again? thanks
bipolar and grieving soon after discovering i m bipolar i realized that it clearly affects the way i grieve. throughout the year i was 23 24 i lost 12 people i was close to in a wide variety of ways, it was too much for my brain so i just didn t process it. i didn t feel like i had the time. at 26 i lost a cousin who i had greatly looked up to and i still wasn t processing, so i started therapy which helped me move on from the then 13 deaths. this was also prior to medication. at this time, i am now medicated and i m grieving a brother, a grandmother, and an aunt who all died of separate causes though two died on the same night. all in the span of february. it s again too much for my brain. way too much. like in the universe of shitty fuckery i have dealt with which is a lot this really takes the cake. my brain is bouncing all over. from sobbing with utter despair and literally being unable to pick myself up off the floor to being so manic that i want to tear my hair out and break everything around me so instead i manic clean, to just existing. i haven t even been able to return to work and it s almost april. i raised my brother and i feel like i didn t just lose a brother. i lost a son and a friend. every stage of grieving just feels pointless. it s too much. i don t know what to do
vivid nightmares i ve had bad dreams since i can remember. i have journals from when i was 8 describing my nightmares. consistently 5 nights out of the week. they flare and will be worse sometimes. lately, the past few weeks, they ve become unbearable. screaming in my sleep, waking up crying or hyperventilating. more concerning, i often have 3 5 min upon waking where i do not realize i m awake and i feel that it is very real and absolutely what is happening. i had a bout of post partum depression early in the year but have adjusted my meds and my day to day has been overall much better. obviously, the holidays are stressful for most but i feel that i handled it normally. i am terrified to fall asleep at night. i usually take sleeping medicine and have found they are absolutely worse when i do not take it. i figured out it s not as bad when i take my lamictal in the morning but never the less, they come every night. obviously, this is part of my life that i can t seem to shake, but i can t understand why it s been so much worse lately. my question do you have constant nightmares? does this just come with the illness? is it my anxiety dragging into the night? is there anything i can do? meds lamictal 13 yrs xanax 10 yrs as needed, haven t taken in a month ambien 10 yrs vyvanse 5 months
thismay sound batshit, but i think my night vision got shittier to prevent hallucinations? so i'm bipolar 1. when i was a teen, i used to habitually hallucinate at night, seeing shadows as things they weren't, picture things lurking in corners, hear things, etc. it kept me up for hours with lights on, hoping the images wouldn't become more vivid or real feeling. most times they didn't. sometimes they did. ever since i started getting medicated, though, my night vision has devolved into shit. i physically cannot see in the dark no matter what, not without a source of definitive light. while medication severely lessened hallucinations, it didn't rid me of them. i still fairly often hear things that aren't there. but night hallucinations? the inability to see has made them nigh impossible. is it possible my brain decided to rewire itself a bit to make my life easier? i mean, it's done that before when i grew to be more introverted and self sustainable socially, or re conditioned my conscious brain to want and need more sleep. if so, hecking wild. if not, a convenient coincidence. nighttime hallucinations always really fucked me up but it's hard to create any visions out of the pitch black. anybody else experience weird stuff like this, body adapting in weird ways to cope with disorder?
newly diagnosed and drugged hi there, i was recently diagnosed with bp ii. this is all very new to me. all my life my doctors bounced me around treatments for anxiety, adhd, and depression without any real results. the worst of these was a doc in college who insisted i needed to take high dose adderall which turned me into a 95 pound skeleton of a crackhead. depression meds made me a zombie. my psychiatrist now is sort of working in conjunction with my therapist. i say sort of because after therapist sent me to psych for treatment for mood disorder , he prescribed for adhd. i wasn't really surprised, but had tried to explain to him in office that i was a hot mess because i was travelling across the country the next day, and that i was nervous because it was my first time meeting him. of course i couldn't concentrate and was fidgety and talking fast. anyway, those meds made me feel awful, so after taking them for a month, i stopped. yesterday he prescribed lamictal, and today is my first day taking it. what can i expect? how has it helped any of you? were the side effects bad? i am also taking trazodone, given to me by my primary doc for sleep issues. psych upped the dose of trazodone to 100 mg and gave me a starter dose of 25 mg lamictal, to be increased over the next few weeks.
weight gain on seroquel so, i don't actually have biopolar disorder, but i do have very bad depression, anxiety, and i am diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. as a result of all of these, my doctor prescribed me seroquel. sorry if this doesn't belong here i just noticed that a lot of questions about seroquel are located in this sub . amp x200b i have heard a number of stories now about how seroquel has made people gain 15, 30, even up to 50 pounds! everyone has said it causes them to have really bad cravings. i am already very self conscious about my weight, and currently sit at about 235lbs. i really do not want to gain any more in fact, if by some rare chance i lost weight on seroquel, that would be ideal , so i am trying to prep myself and my house before i start taking it. i plan on having my husband hide all of the snacks in our house so i cannot find them, and i'll be stocking up on veggies and fruit to eat. i'll also be taking it at night, close to bedtime, so i am hoping that will also help mitigate some of the cravings i really don't think i'll be getting out of bed to eat... . amp x200b does this sound like i am doing the right thing? i mean, i'd love to lose weight in general, so if this did help with that in one way or another i'd count that as a success.
just got my med approved my insurance some of you know that i've been on saphris and lithium for the past year with really, really good results. i've never felt this stable in my life. my insurance company sent me a letter late last week saying they would no longer cover saphris and i'd have to try a small list of acceptable aps... most of which i've tried, the last of which wouldn't work for other reasons. after several days of phone tag with my doctor and two pharmacies she was able to get a hold of my insurance... and convince them i'm their client seriously? , and she just called me back to say it's been authorized. i can stay on saphris. i had given up. i was already thinking of the worst case situation and let's be honest, kinda freaking out. i'm just posting this because i want to give hope to anyone who is in the same situation and i want to remind all of you to freak it if the worst comes to pass, not in case the worst comes to pass. anxiety is a bitch, and i'll probably struggle with it for the rest of my life, but i can also choose to counter my anxiety with rational, positive thoughts. i can re frame the situation. i don't need to be a slave to my own worst case thinking. has anyone been able to get psych meds specially approved? just curious about your experience.
disability with bipolar disorder i have a general question about being bipolar in the work place. i was diagnosed with bipolar type ii about a year ago and i currently have a job but am looking for a new position. while filling out my apps there is a mandatory question where they ask if you have an kind of disability and bipolar disorder is on the list. i'm very hesitant about identifying myself with a disability. i was able to stay on my dad's insurance with a letter from my doctor but i'm not sure what applies for this. i'm really nervous about letting any of my employers know i am bipolar. i'm pretty good at hiding my illness but i have depressive dips that last for a few months and they affect my work. i'm on medication but currently i've been having hormonal issues that i'm dealing with my gyno. i get very antisocial and irritable but i am afraid of my work trying to get rid of me if they knew. i know they technically they're not allowed to but i work in the biotech industry and they can be very cutthroat. i don't want to not be hired for a job if i was upfront with being bipolar. i also do value my privacy and i don't want the whole world knowing about my illness. i was hoping someone out there has been dealing with this issue and can offer some advice. thanks guys!
i'll never kill myself, but i'll never live either. not functioning. live in isolation, can't face the world or anything stressful. mostly because there is nothing i want in it. i don't try. i do the absolute bare minimum to take care of myself. thank god for my overprotective mother who never wants me to leave. but this also enables my avoidant behavior i won't push myself to overcome my anxiety and do things because i don't have to, and don't want anything enough in the first place. so i stay in my comfort zone. i just exist. every day the same, in hiding really. i don't see suicide as an option, however i'm getting desperate. i'm seeing a psychiatrist for the first time soon but i'm afraid it won't be enough. my family situation also isn't the healthiest, but i feel really helpless on my own. also have adhd, and anxiety to the extent that nearly everything overwhelms me. i'm very childish, and couldn't imagine handling the responsibilities of living alone. is anyone else as pathetic as me? i have no friends, no dreams, no desires, no motivation, no stability inside my mind or outside of it . i need to bond with someone desperately, but who would ever want such an empty person? yet i'll probably run off and do something impulsive in my desperation to not feel.... this.
feeling weird about my meds muting my feelings potentially? i don't know. i had wildly bad, totally untreated bpii for about fifteen years, sine i was a kid, so i honestly don't think i know what normal is. it's weird because i've had med combos in the past that seem to have muted my good feelings and my bad feelings, and that sucks in its own right, but that's not really what's happening now. 2019 has been an absolute shit year for me on an actual non mental health level, lots of life problems, and i'm just...handling it? not really bummed out about any of it? i mean, i'm stressed, but i don't know. as an example, my grandmother just passed away and i did cry a bit but overall i don't feel much. she was quite old and it's an inevitable fact of life. it sucks but what can you do? has anyone experienced this, i guess i would almost categorize it as apathy? but i'm happy and excited about things, so it's not really apathy all the way through. is this what being normal feels like? i sorry if this seems like a brag about doing well, it's really not, i just want to know if anyone else has been here. i am so so so grateful that after a shit load of trying different things my meds are working for me these days, and i recognize and fully support people that are struggling.
it's not all in my head along with bipolar, bpd, ptsd, and panic disorder, one of the big things i've been struggling with the past few years is chronic pain. my old pcp wouldn't take me seriously, and kept telling me to take tylenol and lose weight. i had an appointment with my new pcp yesterday and my blood test results came back. my vitamin d is very low and i also tested positive on a blood marker for autoimmune disorders. so, bad news is i probably have something like fibromialga. good news is, it's not all in my head! i've struggled with pain so much that i really thought it was psychosomatic at this point. i cried yesterday after taking gabbapentin. even marijuana does not take away the pain like this drug does. for the first time in many years, my joints don't hurt, i don't have aches all over my body. i feel like a huge weight is lifted, and i just wanted to share with you guys. i woke up today at a normal hour i've been sleeping upwards of 14 hours a day for months due to pain depression and wasn't in pain for the first time in as long as i can remember. i feel like this is going to have a huge impact on my mental health. i've been in a depressive slump for a good year or so, with little blips of happiness. i feel like i can do things and be happy again.
gotta keep occupied ugh. i've been unemployed and out of school for two weeks now. i finished my masters program on the 17th and my last day of work was the 15th. i'm applying to a million jobs right now. but i have always done so much better with structure and routine. it's only been two weeks and i already feel myself slipping into a depressed episode. i realized today i hasn't gotten dressed or left my house in 5 days. i went for a 2 mile walk today, just to get dressed and out of the house. my sister who i live with even commented on the fact that i was dressed today. i can feel myself slipping but not sure what to do about it. i dont have any income so i cant go out and do much right now, nothing that costs money at least. and i dont have a car either to really go anywhere. i just dont want to get stuck in a depression right now when so much of my life needs to be changing. any suggestions on creating some sort of structure and routine when i have no job, no classes, and no money? i'm thinking about trying to go walking everyday just to get out of the house. and also getting up and getting dressed even if i have nowhere to go. i want this mini vacation to be over already and back to an 8 5 job where things are predictable. i hate not having anything to do.
don't know who to believe.. i was diagnosed bp2 about 2 months ago after a very scary breakdown. i have always had highs and lows, but sometimes reading about mania is just not what i've ever felt. maybe its hypomania, but can't that just mean i'm energetic and feeling good? i know i struggle with depression, and have all my life. after i got my diagnosis, i got really up up up and dyed my hair pink and went out drinking a lot. is that mania? or just me? i always have had suicidal thoughts, and my imagination is just really strong. now the more i read about bp i am learning that some of what i thought was just normal, are my own delusions or hallucinations. like, not everyone feels like this. which also makes me question everything. which makes me feel weird. i feel like i don't know who to believe. my psych definitely thinks i have bipolar. my s o also thinks i have it. however some friends i have told say that i am fine. that i am in a toxic relationship that is making me question my sanity. now i've got all this lithium cursing through my body that is probably also contributing to me questioning my diagnosis. is this just another one of those times i am trying to get myself off meds so in 6 months i can just start all over again because i actually need them?
discomfort with stigmatizing language toward other illnesses to start with, i don't know that this is a hugely widespread issue. for the most part i think this is one of the most welcoming communities i've ever been a part of, on so many levels, so i don't want to make it seem like this is an omnipresent problem or anything. but i've seen a couple of comments on the sub in the past few days that stigmatize other illnesses schizophrenia and personality disorders specifically , and i just felt like i had to say something. as a community of people with a profoundly stigmatized illness, we should know better, and we should absolutely not be adding to anybody else's burden with misinfo or stigmatizing language. a lot of us have various comorbidities, and a lot of us have schizoaffective! they deserve this space to be safe and welcoming, too. as someone who lurks on the schizophrenia reddit a lot for help with my psychotic symptoms, and who has only ever felt comforted and respected there, i feel horrified at the idea that our sub might make someone else feel anything less than welcome. again, i don't want to blow anything out of proportion. but let's try to make sure we're being respectful, and not talking about other illnesses the same way people talk about ours.
hypomania i can't ignore the red flags anymore! it's not just because it's finally spring, that i'm feeling this good. it's not just because it's spring, that i'm this active. i'm getting up at 4 am cause i'm just not tired anymore. i never sit down it's not only happiness, that makes me laugh so much, even though i'm doing really well, generally speaking. i have to admit to myself, that i'm hypomanic. i've been riding the high for a couple of days, getting things done, but it has to stop now, before it gets worse. i've started dating this guy, that i've wanted to date for years. he knows i'm bipolar, he just doesn't know what bipolar is, just yet. or how it affects me. and my surroundings. we were on the phone last night, and i was... not in control. at all. he was so confused, and i don't blame him. i was at a meeting today, and i could. not. sit still. every spring is the same! april is rough. may is soo good. june is meh. juli is sweet. august is sweet september is kinda melancholic. october is heartwarming and cozy. the rest of the year is fine. but spring? soo sweet and full of promise... anywho... tonight i'm taking my sleep meds on top of my regular meds. that usually stops hypomania. at most, in a couple of days. i should have done it yesterday.
anxiety and fear suddenly gone long story short, after a very difficult few months and then the death of a friend, i am not doing well. my therapist is asking that i seek a higher level of care, which i am pursuing hoping for an iop group spot to open up soon . i do know the er is there if things get too serious before then, but i m trying to avoid that if possible. i think i can finally admit that a lot of my thoughts lately are suicidal. not sure why i couldn t say that for so long, but the fog has lifted enough that it s become clear. i haven t felt this sick in nearly 10 years, since before my bipolar ii diagnosis. i have no intention of acting on those thoughts but they are there nearly constantly. but the weird thing is, my anxiety suddenly disappeared recently. i don t feel normal or free from anxiety almost like the anxiety left and was replaced by a strange, calm apathy. i no longer fear death, and i haven t noticed myself feeling nervous about anything. it feels almost like when the anxiety left, it almost gave the suicidal thoughts permission to be there. i m not scared anymore. it s been a weird feeling, and i guess i m curious if anyone else has felt something like this? it feels confusing and i think i m trying to make sense of it.
afraid of being a hypochondriac the title says a lot. i saw a comment a few days back saying people with bipolar tend to be hypochondriacs as well. my first reaction was, not me! now i m not so sure. i have a uti with kidney pain. i know this because i have chronic utis and have for most of my adult life. i also have a bladder that has moved lower due to having four children. anyhow...i know the symptoms and i have been waiting to make sure it wasn t in my head or simple dehydration before going to the doctor. today is saturday and thankfully his practice is open on weekends. i haven t called yet, but i will when they open. the pain is worse this morning. and then i realized that every time i get a cold, i recheck the symptoms of the flu, pneumonia, etc. in order to rule those things out. if i get a rash, i will look up different rashes to make sure it s not some flesh eating bacteria. i had shingles behind my knees last year and wrote it off as dermatitis and didn t go to see my doctor until it hurt too much to walk. i guess i m sort of the opposite. i try to rule out worse illnesses? but then i thought hey, maybe that s how you justify it, but you re a hypochondriac silly. except when it comes to utis. i know every symptom i ve experienced.
if i grew up an attention seeking class clown ... would that make me more or less likely to be bpd? i keep the idea of borderline personality disorder bpd in the back of my mind, just in case my bipolar keeps worsening. if that doesn t make sense to you, then you know what i recently realized ... i have no idea how much bp and bpd truly differ in the details. i keep seeing bpd as a variation of bipolar ... maybe the bipolar type 3 or something. but, it s understandable. i live in the world of bipolar, and still haven t gotten my meds right. so, i am one of those that sees bipolar in everyone ... even someone that coughs wrong. kidding haha so, here are my 2 best possibilities i thought of 1 how can we truly tell if bpd is just bipolar with more dysphoric mania? 2 or, how can we tell if it s bpd or just strong attention seeking adhd and bipolar, especially since adhd is a common comorbidity to accompany bipolar? i have a bunch of other ideas, but i want to chat with people i comment, if anyone is free? i read different parts in dsm 5 ... but, like many of you, i kind of felt an overcomplication to create enough various symptoms, using different language, but still being the same? that s a weird subject i m still trying to learn and figure out.
seperation anxiety from husband so, i dont know if this fits in the bipolar board or not but i dont know where else to post it. i have terrible separation anxiety from my husband. like, terrible. mostly because i'm so worried something bad is going to happen to him.. and i mean, i know theres nothing i can do really but it doesnt stop the worry. anyway, i have it so bad that its a struggle for me to even be apart when he goes to work. i do a good job managing it and he doesnt really know i dont think. maybe he does but his mom just invited him to visit over 20 hours away for 7 days. i was not invited which im incredibly offended over but thats a whole 'nother post. so now i'm stuck trying to piece together how im going to manage him being gone for seven whole days. this trip isnt even until the end of october and i'm already having anxiety attacks over it. i cant tell him not to go, i cant be that person who says no you cant visit your mom but i will be a total mess for his entire away time and i know it. i literally cant handle it. i dont know what to do. how am i to handle this? does anyone else have terrible seperation anxiety? how do you manage it? i am at my wits end over this and he hasnt even bought the plane ticket yet. please help.
feeling lonely hi! so you know i f22 have the best psychiatrist i could wish for and the best treatment. i finally am able to be happy, because my disorder was type 2 focusing on depression, i was struggling with depression from 5 to 21 years old, thought there was no way out. today i'm kind of happy. i am in a healthy and loving relationship, that was unthinkable three years ago bc i was such a mess. but there's some days like this one, i feel soooo sad and lonely again... and not because of an episode, but because of my life. i had such a difficult life surrounded by illegal substances and violence, and those memories sometimes just hit me. i just feel all the pain people went through, feeling sad and powerless against this sh world where help is so difficult to find for people with heavy issues. my struggles today are the same as every basicaly nt person, but i have to live with those memories of people, friends, suffering when we were so young... and i still sometimes meet the same kind of people, 14 year old girls drunk and high in the afternoon with 45 year old homeless addicts. i'm here in life, in the middle. juste between healthy and dying people. i'm doing better now, they aren't. i just feel lonely right now with those thoughts.
i m bipolar type 1 but getting a real wake up call on why i should stay on my meds bc of someone i care about. someone i really care about is tackling bipolar disorder without medication due to the expense of a psychiatrist. he s finally in a place where he can get one but with a long waitlist in his area it s difficult. it s so hard to watch. it s like i m looking in a mirror and just seeing myself 3 years ago when i was at the height of my illness. the lashing out, volatile nature, hopelessness he feels hurts me horribly because i know from experience there is nothing i can do. he s either ignoring me or can t leave me alone, and i don t blame that on him whatsoever. every time he hurts my feelings rn i have to remind myself that 3 years ago i was the same way. it just sucks so much to watch someone you care about go through something like this knowing there is so little in support you can offer. him and i are so desperate for him to see a psychiatrist and get stable, and are waiting anxiously for next week when it s finally happening but even then i know it takes a while for the meds to help. it just hurts so badly to see someone go through that and knowing exactly the type of pain and anger they are feeling and the helplessness of it.
should i get my own apartment? currently living with parents hi guys, i am currently apartment hunting with the approval of my step father who has agreed to help pay for an apartment of my own while i wait for disability benefits. i think it would be very helpful and therapeutic for me if i created my own space that i deemed to be sacred and worth my time. one of the fears that i have is that i would feel alone in this apartment, and fall into depression and anxiety. maybe my meds will help with that. also i have anxiety about needing to go out and get groceries on a weekly basis. but maybe this would be good for me and i would be able to hit up the natural food stores. i also would choose not to bring my cat with me who is very therapeutic and supportive because she is happy here at this home. but i won't have her around. maybe i could get a small fish aquarium. also i would have space for some small fitness equipment, like a kettle bell and barbell. well i hope that if i do get an apartment it will be a good decision. i just don't want to be alone and depressed. but i am sure that is normal for many of us who live alone. we just have to make sure we have a solid routine of having activities to do outside the house and around people.
depakote weed? i honestly haven't smoked weed since i started taking meds 125mg depakote, 3x day , so i have no experience with mixing the two. leading up to my diagnosis i was honestly smoking weed way too much and just kind of self medicating my problems in a way that wasn't particularly constructive with a lot of weed and alcohol. but okay, that said, i am capable of moderation i can do a glass of wine here or there without totally flying off the handle, and i have done so while taking my depakote with no noticeable differences and i was on a much higher dose at one point while doing so . what i haven't tried, since meds, is weed. this is not the type of question i feel comfortable asking a doctor since weed is still very, very illegal where i live lol and i am aware redditors can not dispense reliable medical advice and i am also aware that it is not allowed on this sub . luckily, i'm not looking for advice i'm looking for personal experiences. i am curious if anyone else has experience mixing depakote and weed? did it make it more sedating? did it make you paranoid or jittery? was everything exactly the same? is depakote and the occasional, rare high any more dangerous than depakote and the occasional, rare glass of wine or beer?
contemplation i'm sitting here in my trailer i'm living at a ski resort at the moment for my job . it should be my dream job but i feel so empty and alone.. even when i'm with people. i have been manic for the past 6 months and it was beautiful except for the intermittent psychosis ofc . but fuck i want to be psychotic.. it's certainly better than this. i've just taken an oxycodone, adderall.. drinking a beer.. i cut again night before last and i've even found my non dull razors.. i feel nothing and yet everything at the same time.. i feel so fucking dramatic right now but i figured if anyone could understand it would be other people like me. idk why i think being psychotic would be better than this but i guess it's because im confident. my hallucinations and delusions are real... i don t feel real right now. i feel like a bag of bones hence why i want to cut into it . idk what to fucking do but is anyone else struggling to keep their grip on reality.. but secretly just wants to fall head first into it. i hate my illness, but the symptoms and coping skills albeit harmful and self destructive i've come to know and love over the years of having this illness, just seem so appealing and comforting to me rn. thanks for your time.
i think the best thing i ve realized is that i may not be able to walk my entire life i don t know where to share this, so i thought i d share it here since it s such a great community and it s good to think about things you re grateful for. i m thankful i m able bodied. i m thankful for my medication. i may have 20 more years before i could possibly get ms. i might never get it, but i m more likely than the average person. but i m still able bodied now. i can enjoy walking places. i can enjoy climbing and going up stairs upon stairs. i can enjoy the sand and water on my feet. i can enjoy having to stand all day. i might not be able to for my entire life, but knowing that allows me to enjoy my legs, my brain, and my life right now. a lot of people don t get that until they suddenly don t have a limb, or they re old and their body becomes increasingly more frail. enjoy the moment. enjoy the little things. even the fact you re under a ton of blankets cold or have to wait for your car to heat up. i hope we all have a lot more time to enjoy what we have. sometimes we i take the time we i have for granted. 20 years sounds like a lot, but that s only double my age. i hope you all are having a good day. stay toasty.
i hate manic episodes i detest how no one understands that i m not okay even when i m not depressed. my hypomanic episodes always start lightly actually eating properly, cleaning the entire house, talking to people, etc. and people will congratulate me you finally got up cleaned the mess you live in and are all happy that i m somehow fine and cured now. then it gets worse and i ll start to get angry easily, hit stuff, yell at people over the smallest things, get drunk or high with anything close by. i ll do illegal shit, steal stuff or try to harm myself either by relapsing, staying awake until passing out or straight up attempting suicide because why not. and everyone blames me for it. in their eyes i am choosing to destroy the supposed progress from my depressive episodes why would you do that to yourself? and i thought you were doing better. no, i m fucking not. it s dumb i know it shouldn t make me so angry but i hate that no one around me is capable of grasping the fact that i ll always be sick that it s not something that will just leave. i can never be happy or proud over the small accomplishments during depressive episodes because any of it could mean i am heading towards hypomania. it s so tiring.
i think i am bipolar and was misdiagnosed with borderline... now what? uk hello. to cut a very long story short, i believe i am bipolar, but have been misdiagnosed with borderline personality disorder. my gp says this is likely, and that my treatment so far has been inappropriate because the crisis team are dismissive of people with personality disorders. so, she has referred me to see the entry level people who gauge whether i can see a psychiatrist, with a view to be re diagnosed. after that, i am worried about what will happen. i desperately want some treatment that will work for me, but i've found that bpd is a very sticky label and professionals often treat me like i am playing the system to try and get sympathy and as if what i say is unreliable. i am afraid of the psychiatrist thinking i am just shopping for a new diagnosis. also i have run into a lot of problems in my health care from being diagnosed bpd, does anyone know if i can have that diagnosis removed if it's found to be incorrect? anyone been through this? it's my first time here, so apologies if this post is not allowed, i don't think i saw anything in the rules that it violates, but i may have misread. many thanks to anyone who comments.
i miss my life before diagnosis rationally i know that the bp 2 diagnosis is not what made everything fall apart. i know that the stuff going on with my body physically isn't caused by it. except for weight gain caused by the medication i know that my friends didn't leave just because i suddenly went crazy , i know i must have had symptoms before the big crisis, and i know that had things not gone the way they had i wouldn't have met my wonderful fiance. but i miss my friends. i miss everything about the life i had made for myself. i miss being blissfully ignorant of just how bad my mental issues are. i miss just having 2 pills to take at night instead of 8 at night and 2 during the day. i miss being able to drink if i want to. i miss living without parental restrictions. i miss freedom, fun, friends, and everything that i used to have. and i love my fiance, and i wouldn't trade him for any of that back because i know there's no guarantee i would have stayed happy. i'm just so sad and hurt and angry that this happened, and that i hurt my friends bad enough that they don't want to talk to me but i can't even remember all the details because i was so completely disconnected from reality during that time.
how to explain what bd is like? hi friends! sorry if this is the wrong place to post. i 20f was diagnosed with bd2 back around october, so still fairly recent. i am super lucky to have a family that encourages me to keep going to therapy and stay on medication, however i m finding they don t really understand what i m going through. while i m aware there s no real way for them to conceptualize what is actually happening to me during hypo episodes more specifically was misdiagnosed w depression at 17, depression i feel is a little easier understood i d like to be able to have them be aware of what an episode is like. i can t exactly put it all into words when trying to explain it to them myself, and i often feel like doing that ends up scaring worrying them more. so i m looking for a resource that can detail what hypomania is really like, whether that be a day to day kind of thing, or just an extensive list of symptoms. most recently i spent several days awake, and have had obvious weight loss, which led my dad to ask my older brother if he thought i had been getting into meth coke, as my dad was previously addicted to meth and experienced similar symptoms. thanks to all who took the time to read this!
how soon do you tell someone you re starting to date? i am currently in the process of getting divorced but looking towards the future and getting back in the dating scene i realized i have absolutely no idea what i m doing! my ex husband was with me when i was diagnosed so it s never something i had to really tell him about. i have bipolar ii and overall it has been fairly well controlled until recently in going through this divorce. i had a severe for me hypomanic episode followed by a severe depressive episode but now am back on meds, picking up the pieces, and getting back to a feeling of normalcy. i know that the stress of dealing with my addict ex plus the stress of the divorce absolutely contributed to the severity of these episodes so i m hopeful that moving forward i will continue to be well managed. my concern is that in dating someone, eventually i would want them to know what i m dealing with, but i understand people who would not want to be with me due to this condition. obviously telling someone deep mental health stuff on a first date would be off putting but i m just wondering if any of you have found a good way to handle this appropriately?? thanks in advance you all are amazing.
is this hallucination? small something crawling in the floor i see something crawling on the floor in my peripheral vision but when i start looking at it directly it just vanish. bipolar 1 current state 1. alone for almost 2 years now 2. 18 years old 3. i left my friends and no familly support 4. hopeless 5. close to suicide. i'm not sad. i just know that i have to. 6. i stopped drinking my meds and going to the doctor because i cant afford it. 7. am i depress? manic? idk and i dont care anymore. 8. dropped out of highschool but i still love learning different field of subjects. 9. painful intrusive memories and thoughts 24 7 10. i cant focus at anything anymore 11. its harder for me to read and comprehend 12. i can't think properly anymore 13. i only listen to soundtracks, classical music and watch films and tvseries. and also surf reddit and youtube everyday on repeat. 14. i'm afraid and no enough energy to get out and interact with people. 15. i'm always anxious. 16. sleeping schedule is a mess. avg. 5 hrs a day 17. my family doesn't believe or ignorant on mental illness. i dont want to go the doctor anymore because whats the point. i just want to know if i am heading to psychosis. thank you.
fibromyalgia and adhd and bipolar i i ve dealt with inconsistent mental health care most of my late teens and early 20s. now that i m independent of my mental illness denying family, i see a good therapist and get consistent treatment. well recently i had a terrible manic episode that put me in a very dangerous situation that i luckily survived. it s something i would never do otherwise. after speaking with my therapist she recommended a psychiatrist to me and i ve been seeing her. i was tested and, boom, diagnosed bipolar i and adhd. i was somewhat surprised by the diagnosis, but at the same time, it explained my entire life. it s like, fibro is a lot already with three of the many symptoms being anxiety, depression, and brain fog. i don t want to deal with more. esp. since i really, really need to be on a mood stabilizer. it s just hard thinking about having to adjust all my medication, including possibly my fibro meds. it s just a headache to potentially deal with more symptoms side effects while i rework everything. but it s really necessary. my manic brain is so sneaky and tricks me so easily. edit sorry for the poor grammar. my thoughts are racing pretty bad and it makes it hard to type.
waiting to get into a doctor i moved to florida about a year ago and i had a lapse in insurance coverage. i used to be on a lot of medication that helped several things and finally had me functioning as an adult. i ran out of these meds about 8 months ago, but i ve been managing pretty well lately until this past week. i ve been working a full time job and i deal with stressful people day in and day out. it usually doesn t get to me, but i haven t been able to get in to see a doctor and i feel so frustrated. i ve had some really bad lows and some mild highs but i feel myself dipping down really low again and i m worried i m going to fuck everything up. on top of having bipolar i also have ptsd and anxiety. depending on how my bipolar is being treated these things kind of make one or the other worse at times. i m just really frustrated and i ve worked really hard to get to where i am and i don t know how to keep control of everything when i can t even get a doctors office to call me back and schedule me. i don t have a support system anymore and i just feel helplessly lost. i don t usually post personal stuff like this on reddit and i m on my phone and pretty mixed up so sorry for poor writing.
maintaining my own mental health while helping a friend i have bipolar disorder with a comorbid anxiety disorder. i became symptomatic around the time i was 13 and was diagnosed at 19. i m turning 40 in a few months so i ve suffered lived almost died laughed through this illness for over 2 decades. i have a friend who i will call amy. amy was recently diagnosed with generalized anxiety after a stressful life event. amy knows about my diagnoses and we are very close, so she has turned to me for questions and emotional support. i love amy. i want to support amy the best i can. but the amount of emotional support she is asking for is starting to drain my own mental health resources for staying stable. additionally, amy makes a lot of comments about our experiences being the same and she gets what s it s like for me now when she very clearly does not. she is not making these comments from a place of ill intentions. i know mental illness is not a contest and mental health treatment is important for everyone. however, i have started to internalize it as amy is downplaying everything i ve been through. does anyone have any advice on how i can support amy while protecting your own mental health?
isolating and escaping. i'm at the lowest point in my life. i went manic last fall, and i lost everything my job, my savings, my possessions, and my relationship with my daughter has been sent back immensely. i haven't even been seeing her lately. i haven't been seeing anyone lately. the days are flying by, and im trapped with the idea that i have no purpose. i can't get over the mistakes i've made and the resentments that i have. i'm paralyzed with fear. my social anxiety prevents me from getting outside help, and this fear of judgment has made finding a job horrible. and not finding a job is still further judgment. i had a career, and tonight in a half hour i'm doing an odd job driving a van of workers to a casino 2 hours away. i'm not above doing this work, but i want it to be by my own choice. not for being the only place that will give me work. i've been finding myself blurting out i'm gonna kill myself involuntarily. i have to catch myself from saying it because it's becoming a habit. for what it's worth, there's a song that gave me an image what i live with, with bipolar. sparks by beach house. and then it's dark again. . last fall was the spark. why can't i have a steady light?
university advice info hey there. i was diagnosed with bp1 last august following a psychotic episode and hospitalization following. i was supposed to be starting my last year at university then, but have taken a health leave to focus on getting better stable and finding the right medications without the added stress of school. i ve been in some contact with my counselor, and the school s health leave advisor. one of my next steps is filing the necessary documents for accommodations. that being said, i want ask about two things do you have any advice what was your experience studying and managing your diagnosis? second, more specifically, were there any accommodations you were able to receive, what were they any recommendations on any? thanks so much in advance for any responses. even though i still have some time before returning, i m pretty nervous about it. i ve already had a few semesters prior to being diagnosed where i was clearly severely depressed and totally failed most of the classes i was in, so i d like to avoid any repeats of that. tl dr going back to school soon with new diagnosis, looking to hear your experience with school and or any advice you can offer. thank you!!
allergic to lamictal i've been taking lamictal for three years now. from the beginning it has been apparent that i am allergic to it. a very strange kind of reaction, my hands start to burn inside my skin, if you touch my hands they are normal temperature , and then they start to itch. they burn and itch so much i end up putting them under water constantly. i started taking some antihistamines with it and i've been ok for three years. this med has changed my life, like entirely. it made me stable, able to hold a job, and so much more. i can't live without it. but recently, my hands started to itch again. slowly. i take my antihistamine in the evening, i'm fine all day long the following day, and then in the evening it starts to itch again. my overall skin as well. i'm worried i will have to stop taking my lamictal. it has been wonderful. no side effects whatsoever. if i stop taking it, i won't take any other medication because i don't want to gain weight, or hurt my kidneys. have any of you gone through something similar? with allergies? i talked to a pharmacist when i started doing this and they told me i couldn't become resistant to antihistamines. i'm starting to doubt this...
rapid cycling. please help. hi guys i was diagnosed with bipolar 2 but they seem to think it s something else as i don t fit the category properly. my gp put me on antidepressants. i m cycling between moods in a matter of days and i don t know what to do. when i go to my gp i m not being heard and i feel like no one takes me seriously. i last visited my gp exactly a month ago when she started me on these antidepressants, i asked if i can be referred again for an assessment. i was referred to spa and then they contacted me and over the telephone asked me what s going on i told them everything but at the time i was good manic so she was like ok that s good let s leave you on the medication for now. i don t know if that s what my gp referred me to or if i should be waiting on another referral? i m just so confused and sick and tired of all these moods. i can t be productive or do anything when i m like this. i m just feeling so down and depressed, i have no idea where my time even goes. i ll be going back to my gp next week but what should i say? i feel like everything is just overwhelming right now and everything is making it worse. sorry if this is repetitive or doesn t make sense
help coping with hypersexuality??? i ve been feeling super hypersexual for the last month and a half after about a year of having absolutely zero interest in sex whatsoever. and i don t know how to deal. help!!! as background, i have a lot of sexual trauma going back to childhood that i m in the process of finding a therapist to deal with life is hard without insurance . i ve been with my boyfriend for almost 6 years and he s amazing, but he s not feeling the same need to suddenly have sex all the time and the sex we have been having feels a bit unfulfilling and like i m just going through the motions. i ve also had what was a harmless crush on a coworker for a while, but lately i feel like it s getting into risky territory where i m changing my wardrobe and behavior and it even got to the point where he jokingly? i can t tell right now! asked me out even though he knows my boyfriend well. and i didn t say yes but the best i could do was say that it d make my boyfriend sad. and i m afraid i m going to do something i regret and hurt the people i care about. i just was hoping that people might have some coping strategies. i could really use any help i can get right now. thanks!
obsession as a feature of hypo mania? around 2 years ago i spent a solid month with classic hypomanic features feelings of grandiosity, sleeping less, immense productivity, etc . afterward, though, the euphoria ebbed away. instead, i became utterly obsessed with a friend. and whenever she got remotely close to someone else, i became utterly convinced that i was getting abandoned, and would sometimes do crazy things to try averting it. it wasn't even like the catastrophising that happens when i'm anxious depressed. i truly 100 believed that fate itself had ordained she was destined to leave and no amount of logical thinking could convince me otherwise. basically do you think that might have been hypomania a mixed episode? the psych i saw said that my feelings of being under appreciated were a feature of depression, which makes sense given my low self esteem and self harming tendencies in that period. but i don't think i was depressed? depressed me never has so much obsessive energy. and in fact it was when i got properly depressed and anhedonic that the obsession gradually went away. also i'm currently going through a mixed episode i think and am really obsessed with self harm
lamotrigine to trileptal questions re depression and hair loss not remotely manic. 54 f, history of major depressive disorder and 2 types of anxiety since adolescence recently dxed on the autism spectrum pdd nos and also complex ptsd. hla 1 and 2 mthfr mutations. suicidal last summer and out of work for 2 months. 25 mgs of lamotrigine really helped me. i survived an itchy, scary rash, which is now quiescent, but my hair started falling out mostly on top and at the temples, giving me a draculinuan hairline at 50 mgs. i had a radical, fast response to the lamo, but since a shaved head at my age is not a good look, had to back off. some loss still at 25. the biggest irony of the lamo experience is that i suspect if i were to keep taking it, i could have found a way to live with the hair situation. i cannot afford a good wig. i make 16.00 an hour. i have no self esteem to draw upon in this regard, so my np okayed me to drop it and start trileptal, which she said might work for me like lamo seemed to. has anyone here done this used trileptal for treatment resistant depression? results? effects on hair? much thanks in advance. i hope this ticks no one off enough to remove it.
diagnosed, but having doubts i'd like to preface first by saying that i'm not american. i've been diagnosed bipolar ii a few year ago during while in a psych ward. during all the years i've been seeing psychiatrists, it was brought up only once by a psychiatrist i've seen for less than a month. i've been somewhat successfully treated with seroquel. while i thought i had bp before my diagnosis, this diagnosis as almost always made very little sense to me. i do have some pretty extreme mood swings, but far more than 4 5 a year and they sometimes last only hours. the psychiatrist who followed me years never brought it up. he didn't change my meds, didn't really take any interest in my symptoms. he was pretty much happy just continuing the traitement that was prescribed to me during my trip to the psych ward. last therapist didn't seem to believe i had any illness. i'm seeing any therapists or psychiatrists anymore and i have stopped my meds. so far, i'm doing alright. i would like to know if any of you have experienced very frequent mood swings say in the range of 50 a year and very short episode, because i find really hard to relate to other people with bipolar disorder.
easily set off i just want to start this off by saying that i m aware that i have a problem and i want to fix it. i am easily set off. i mean really easily. there are so many instances where i get set off by small lighthearted comments. at times i have gone off on people for really small things and it has ruined relationships. this is while being relatively stable too. what i mean is, this has been when i m not depressed or manic. another thing i ve noticed is that if someone makes a comment that hurts my feelings, it really hurts me. to the point where i become severely depressed and question why i should go on with life if i can t do xyz and people don t appreciate me. there have been 2 instances where friends haven t responded to my messages right away and i explode. one of those instances was when i was manic. i have ruined those two friendships. lately i have been really good about being able to recognize the feelings that i m having and sit with them instead of releasing all of those negative emotions. do any of you experience these things too? is this just a normal part of being bipolar? if you have experienced this, what has helped you overcome these emotions?
anyone here overcome amphetamine abuse during depressions? i haven't used since last year, but i'm in a depression now. the cravings have been building over the last month, pretty severe cravings. i'll have anxiety attacks just thinking about it. the depression's making me tired, unmotivated, and well, depressed. i go to aa and na meetings, but the meetings themselves don't help when i'm in depressions. it's like my body's craving the instant euphoria and dopamine if i go score. it really does help my depression temporarily and i'm able to quit fairly easily when summer comes from hypomanic energy, but i don't want to use because i know the stuff is dangerous. i'm also on meds and they help some, but don't solve it completely. i don't have this problem when the weather is good, summer hypomania replaces the need for stimulants. i have a sad light lamp that i use maybe every other day, but it's not the same thing as the sun. i'm thinking instead of relapsing, i could go see if a 72 hour pysch hold will reset me? probably not, the weather is still going to be shit and i'll be depressed. or i could buy a plane ticket to somewhere warm and stay there for a couple months?
trying to think through crisis apologies in advance for how long this might be. today they changed my meds due to me being in crisis and mixed state for awhile. so i m weaning off effexor and starting latuda. as well as switching from busipar to clonidine, and keeping my 400mgs of seroquel a day. so a lot of change when i ve been all over the place but i was excited for hopefully some relief. after getting this news i found out my boyfriend and i will be homeless in two weeks. we have been approved for section 8 but 8 families have to be placed before we can and they have no eta. my boyfriend is going to stay with his grandma and i m going to bounce around friends houses i think. my grandmother and mom passed in september and november of 2018 and my dad passed when i was a teen. i spiraled into an uncontrollable sobbing mess because i can t go to my grandmas who always took care of me. i feel like i ve wrecked everything by going off the rails so hard this last year, and i ve let my grandma down cause all she wanted was me to have my shit together before she died and i couldn t even do that... idk the purpose of this post i think i just needed to get it off my chest.
so frustrated with myself... i was just diagnosed as bipolar a few months ago, even though for the last 10 years i've been telling them that i thought i was. i have manic episodes but they only last a couple days, then i go straight back into depression. when i am depressed i completely withdraw from society and go into my shell. i won't answer the phone or texts, and i avoid doing any tasks because of a complete lack of motivation, and some sort of fear about dealing with things that might be unpleasant. i'm on short term disability from work for this and an autoimmune disease, and i need to turn in papers by march 23rd from my doctor ir else they will not approve my claim. i've been laying here in bed for days, not bathing, and in this cycle of not doing the paperwork but then feeling guilty about it, and its fucking miserable. i know that avoiding the paperwork is only causing me to make the anxiety and problem worse, but even the thought of likely losing my job isn't enough to overcome the lack of motivation. i'm about to call my doctor and ask about a change of med dosage. i guess i just wanted to vent to someone that might understand what i'm going through.
recently diagnosed i never really thought that i had anything other than depression that came and went but after something happened a few months ago i figured i would talk to a professional. after talking for a while she diagnosed me with bi polar disorder. i always just thought that the periods between depression were just that, but she pointed out some things that i never really noticed occurring during the times that i didn t feel depressed. like extremely high energy, not sleeping, really really obsessive behavior. i get super into one thing or another and that s the only thing i can focus on for like a week and after that i ve lost all interest in it. like a while ago, i started researching how to brew better coffee. next thing i know i ve spent nearly a grand on coffee makers and different coffee beans and am making like 10 cups a day, it s all i could think about. about a week later i have no interest in touching any of it and i start feeling depressed again. sorry if that sounds weird, that was just an example. she asked me to do research on my own to see if i think that fits but i m not sure. i figured i could talk to other people who are also diagnosed.
i don t get angry. can i still be bipolar? hello! i m writing here because i m not too sure where else to look. i have adhd, sensory processing disorder and an on the gifted spectrum. recently i ve been going to therapy for adhd, and a few weeks ago my psych brought up that i might have bipolar. i ve done a lot of research and have talked a lot about it when her,and i definitely have bipolar. im going to see a psychiatrist and try to get meds for it, but i wanted to see if anyone else is like this before i get it checked out. i do not experience intense anger. like at all. even before i started questioning if i had bipolar, i knew that i didn t have the ability to get angry. sure, i get irritated but that s only at my family members. in public i don t display or even feel anger. maybe it s because as a girl, any negative or masculine emotion is seen as undesirable, but plenty of girls get angry. i know not all people with bipolar experience aggressive behaviour, but i feel like i should at least be a little angry? i m irritable at the most, and i feel like it s the only trait of bipolar i dont experience. if anyone else feels a lack of anger, please let me know
anxiety overload i don't know what is going on with me lately but my anxiety is out of control. i have ativan but i've been trying to avoid it. my big thing is the overwhelming sense of dread i get about my cats being hurt or sick or anything beong wrong. i have two and they are like my children. i'd no joke die for them. they have gotten me through so much. and to feel needed, to have someone rely on me, makes me feel so much better. riggt now my momma's boy, fred has a cough and it scares me to tears. the vet said it might be bronchitis but that was two weeks ago and i'm in a panic. then tonight i was almost in tears again because it looked like he was limping and he made a weird jump that morning. i have wood floors and they slip sometimes.. i just can't get it out of my head that something bad is going to happen. i can't lose either of them it would crush me. i haven't been sleeping because of my fear. getting only a few hours if that. how the hell do i calm down? i've always feared medical stuff myself so i think i'm projecting on the boys. i just can't live like this. i'm so scared and worried. am i valid in my fear? i don't know what to do. please help.
insecure in relationship tw suicide i had a serious suicide attempt a few days ago where my bf had to call an ambulance and i was in the icu for a couple of days. my bf had already been through one minor attempt with me 6 months ago. he was really upset this time and told me that if i have another attempt he won t be sticking around, it has to stop, it s too much for him. he also said i can t self harm anymore or the relationship will be done. we ve talked about getting engaged before, and he says he will need to see me 100 clean for a while before considering marriage now as he doesn t want to have to get a divorce if i relapse he is full on serious about this ultimatum. i ve never felt insecure in our relationship until now. i feel threatened, i can t guarantee that i won t have another attempt or self harm relapse for the rest of my life. he is the sweetest, most supportive, loving and caring bf i have ever had and i want spend the rest of my life with him, but now i feel like it s inevitable that i will lose him. i feel heartbroken already. i m scared of losing my person. any advice or words of comfort are welcome. i just needed to get this off my chest.
mania comedown? i've been hypomanic the past 2 weeks or so. i was still getting a good 3 4 hours of sleep. but starting wednesday, it morphed into something else entirely. i was up for nearly 4 days straight, wrote 10,000, set up an investment portfolio, bought way too many cds and audio books, and felt fine until around dinner time yesterday. my girlfriend came over and pleaded with me to sleep. i really didn't want to, but she threatened to call the police on me if i didn't. she said i was a danger to myself. i see that now walking through traffic, trying to juggle knives because i thought it was funny, etc. she had be take a bar and a half of xanax with two tablets of unisom, and i slept for 17 hours. now i feel like absolute shit. i don't wanna get out of bed. my head's throbbing. i need to shower, eat, and drink some coffee but that would mean being around people i live in a dorm and just the thought of it makes my skin crawl. this is a rant more than anything. my gf said she'd bring me a sandwich and coffee when she gets off. but i'm not looking forward to seeing her. she must be pretty fed up w me after what happened. i feel like such a piece of shit.
to be bipolar amp legally recognized as disabled or not pros amp cons? i am pretty stable on meds right now and could probably pass as not having a disability. the exception is if i need to take time off in the future for breakout episodes that would put me over my vacation sick day allowance. in that case i assume i need to use ada accommodations. i was talking with my pdoc the other day and i asked about the national parks access pass for people with disabilities and she said something along the lines of i need to decide if i want to be considered legally disabled because that could bite me in the butt one day. i know on my job licensing application it asks if i have any conditions that affect my ability to practice veterinary medicine. i said no because i don't think that this disorder will affect my medical judgement. anyway, i will take time off before it gets to that point. but at the same time i might need to take more time off than i have available in my contract if i have breakout episodes. but there is already an example of this potential problem. does anyone know the pros and cons of legally having a disability in the context of bipolar disorder?
bipolar and relationships has anyone else s bipolar wrecked their relationship? i have bipolar 1 with psychotic features and i found out about it a year and a half ago. i also was also very recently diagnosed with c ptsd due to an abusive childhood. i had a partner that i absolutely adored but after a huge life stressor i started to experience psychosis and paranoia and broke up with him because i strongly believed he was plotting against me and planning to hurt me. i then went through a series of depressive and manic episodes following the break up. when i finally got stabilized i reached out to him hoping to rekindle only to find out he had moved on with a girl who probably isn t a complete psycho like i am. i wasn t as good a girlfriend as i could ve been either because of my unstable moods and lack of energy basic life skills girlfriend experience, i wish i could do it all over again and just really show him how much i loved him. it just tears me up inside, i miss him so much, i m sure he hates my guts. it honestly makes me want to stop living because i miss him so much. i don t think i ll ever find anyone else who can handle my craziness. i m unlovable
reminder that we are all valid when i'm having a good week, i often have people i work with make comments about me not being sick anymore i'm really open about my mental health in hopes of destigmatizing it or to raise awareness or whatever or if i am able to smile and laugh in the middle of a depressive episode then i get comments about how i mustn't be that sad. i also often find myself comparing my experiences and where i am currently with the rest of you, and i find that i often feel like because i don't go so severe into mania in my standard cycle except when a severe episode was caused by ssri's i feel like i don't belong, or like i'm making things up. so i'm making this reminder for anyone who might occasionally find themselves feeling the same way. we are all different. we all react to different medications or treatment plans differently. we're an abnormal bunch of people, and that's fucking great. at the end of it all, we are all valid. we all belong here. this is a community for all our different levels of crazy. and the level of support i have seen in my short time here has been overwhelming. i adore you all. thanks for reading my little ramble.
there is no help for the functionally depressed suicidal i am depressed, i ve been depressed for years. right now i am in the midst of an especially bad depressive episode and i honestly i won t fight any feelings if i want to kill myself and have a pretty solid plan when it happens. but i keep going, i get good grades, i get dressed everyday and most people are unable to see just how terrible i feel. i feel like i m constantly put on the back burner, i would have to wait months to get into a therapist, i only see my doctor once a month at most, i ve literally been told by the suicide hotline that there were more important calls to take. i feel like i can t complain because from the outside i am doing f cking awesome. if i did let the appearance slip everything would crumble around me, i ve adopted the view that i m either going to kill myself or not. because experience says that no amount of help is going to matter. i don t have friends, i don t have family...it s just me and i am not a good enough reason to keep going. i wish i had killed myself 10 years ago when i first starting really getting these feelings because it would have saved me a lot of pain.
neuroscience of bipolar i am a total hopless nerd. what helps me probably the most with bipolar besides meds, duh is understanding what the medications actually do. i have binders full of detailed notes i take on different classes of psychopharmaceuticals its so fascinating how people with different brain chemistries react so differently to various meds! . for some reason the chemical perspective helps me understand it all so much better. it also helps to explain it to normies, i've found! and with work i've done on emotional awareness it feels like i can tell when something is emotional versus caused by brain chemicals of course there is overlap . after things like exercise, sex, caffeine, anything that gets them neurotransmitters moving i feel hyper aware of my chemical state. i can feel the the fall and the rise. ...it's just when i let my chemicals get so off balance that i get manic or depressed and then this logical view is fucked. lol. this was kind of random, but it consumes a lot of my thoughts! are there any other bipolar science nerds out there? any thoughts? or do you have certain scientific perspectives that help you understand this illness?
adhd bipolar i have primary inattentive adhd, it's pretty severe and has been my entire life. unfortunately, medication makes me switch even while on mood stabilizers. that wasn't always the case, i've been on ritalin, adderall, strattera and vyvanse. strattera was the absolute worst. i was very motivated, it helped my adhd symptoms more than anything but within 6 months i ruined my finances long term. currently, i'm on nothing for my adhd. i started latuda three months ago and my adhd symptoms are worse than they've ever been. latuda seems to do pretty good for emotional regulation but my employer is extremely worried about me. i'm not focused, my memory recall is awful and my personality has changed more than it has over the past 8 years of work. in other words, my work is currently very impacted by these new meds. i'm wondering if anybody has some tips on what to ask my psych. it's my understanding that antipsychotics and stimulants negate eachother. what the hell is the point of being on either of them if they work against each other? it would be super cool if i could stay motivated, happy and focused but also remain level headed and sane. ideas??
can t smoke weed anymore, sooo i smoked really heavily for about 8 months, starting in one manic episode, continuing through a depressive episode, through stability, then in another manic episode. during that episode it made me completely psychotic while high where i would hear voices, walk around my apartment building paranoid as fuck, and be 100 convinced i was going to die. this was every night for about 6 weeks. i had to leave a party early cuz i was hearing voices and then became convinced my uber driver was an angel. the whole sha bang. anyway i stopped smoking because of the embarrassment from that party incident, and now i m also in the depressive episode from that manic episode. i haven t smoked in about 2 months but i m depressed as fuck. i m too young to buy alcohol. i ve just been replacing weed with cbd, and since that s very expensive, i ve been taking 50 75mg of benedryl to chill out and eventually fall asleep. i know this is like, a mild substance abuse problem but idk. i m so depressed and fucking miserable and hopeless, it s so nice to take a bunch of benedryl and shut my brain off. i guess i m just looking to see if anyone relates.
being self aware and mentally ill is fucking exhausting. does anyone else struggle with this? it's like you know that your being irrational and there is nothing that you can do about it no matter how hard you try. so last night in the middle of my manic episode, i just had this moment apologizing to my partner for keeping him up with my crying. i didn't sleep at all and i just was angry about that. i'm really good at masking most of the time. i have to be, as i work in retail. but then i come home and sometimes i absolutely unravel. the part about this is that my logical bits of my brain know better. i know that all the terrible things my brain tells me during my episodes is not true. i know that i can do better. it's as if i'm paralyzed and there's a disconnect between all the parts of my brain. it's fucking horrible and exhausting! i am medicated, i am really bad at remembering to take my medications so do you have any tips to help this? i also have a slew of other alphabet soup stuff going on with me. i just needed to vent and could use some advice. i'm newly diagnosed with bipolar within the past 12 months . any advice is greatly appreciated!
benzo tolerance issues hey everyone, i've been on benzos for about a year and a few months klonopin at first and now xanax on top of it and i've noticed that not only have i grown a tolerance which i obv. expected but it's gotten to the point where it barely does anything, even if i take higher dosages. i started at .5 mg of klonopin and now i'm at up to 1.5 mg per day prescribed by my doctor . even at the upper level it doesn't do much. with xanax, i have to take like 3 4 mg just to feel what i used to get with .5 or 1 mg. of course i know that's getting to the point of substance abuse which is a problem i don't wanna have. has anyone else experienced benzo tolerance getting to a point where you have to take very excessive amounts just for a small benefit? also, i'm considering tapering down for a short while so that if i end up taking more than my regular dose it actually helps instead of barely registering. do a few weeks of taking lower amounts help somewhat reset tolerance for any chronic benzo users or does it just cause withdrawal to worsen is not worth it? looking for any advice, thanks! i posted this on r bipolar as well if that's fine
evidence for high tsh low thyroid causing rapid cycling mania? i was recently diagnosed with unipolar mania bipolar nos after having a ton of hypomanic episodes over the past three years started out as 1 2 a year but over the last six months i've had at least one a month, each lasting up to 10 days . i just started lithium, so i had my bloodwork pulled, and my tsh showed up with a result of 2.78 miu l. my psychiatrist looked at that result and said that we need to get it below 2, and that she thought my high tsh was the reason i was rapid cycling. she wants to get me on a synthetic thyroid and i'm skeptical. 2.78 miu l seems to be within healthy reference ranges, though it is on the high side, and i can't find any evidence that higher tsh values cause rapid cycling for mania. i've found evidence that taking synthetic thyroid was effective in preventing rapid cycling with people with depression https psycheducation.org treatment thyroid and bipolar disorder high dose thyroid hormone as a mood stabilizer in bipolar disorder , but it doesn't mention mania. anyone have experience with this? i'd rather not take more medication if i don't have to.
a revolution in the treatment of depression ? a bbc article looking at the link between depression and inflammation. you can read the article here http www.bbc.com news health 37166293 from the article gt inflammation is part of the immune system's response to danger. it is a hugely complicated process to prepare our body to fight off hostile forces. if inflammation is too low then an infection can get out of hand. if it is too high, it causes damage. gt gt and for some reason, about one third of depressed patients have consistently high levels of inflammation. hayley is one of them i do have raised inflammation markers, i think normal is under 0.7 and mine is 40, it's coming up regularly in blood tests. gt gt there is now a patchwork quilt of evidence suggesting inflammation is more than something you simply find in some depressed patients, but is actually the cause of their disease. that the immune system can alter the workings of the brain. hopefully this might offer another treatment approach for those of us who mostly suffer from depression. there is also a 30 minute bbc podcast on the subject here http www.bbc.co.uk programmes b07pj2pw
i ve been stable with my job and got a raise! i was a seasonal team member at a retail store, and my manager decided to keep me on and moved me on to sales lead. around this time i felt myself coming loose and the depression was coming over me. my anxiety began to grow to the point where i felt like the ground was shaking below me all the time and the walls were creaking. i got an intense ptsd flashback where i acted out. there were some nights were i was sure that all the cameras were watching me and people in photos or paintings were spying on me. this would be around the time work would get complicated and i would need to leave, but for the first time ever, i pushed myself through it and made it! my raise was 50 but it really does add up to a lot. i also got a store key, so i can close on my own now! this is probably not a big deal but this is the first time ever for me i ve been working there for about 2 months now. it doesn t seem like much, but this is the longest time i ve kept a job in a while. i m so happy for making it past those episodes, and i hope to keep working there until i make through my medical leave and go back to school
hypomania had me wrapped around its little finger so, i started vraylar a few weeks ago to help with a depressive episode. a few days later i started having traumatic childhood flashbacks, ya know, the ones that make you physically ill. i also started buying a shit ton of scratch offs and spent wayyyy too much money on them. i stopped taking the vraylar because i just couldn t do it anymore i told my dr i wasn t going to take it anymore and it s now hitting me how freaking careless with my money i ve been for the last few weeks. i feel ashamed. embarrassed. i m disgusted with myself honestly. i told my husband about it and he s being supportive and that makes me want to cry even more because i feel like i don t deserve it. i don t know how to get rid of these shitty feelings. i m sick of having to take all this damn medication in order to function in society. i don t have a bad life, i have an awesome career that i truly enjoy, i have a wonderful family, dogs that love me, friends, a beautiful home and i don t necessarily hate myself and yet here i am, struggling with myself and this giant ass blanket of shame is slowly swallowing me whole.
i don t know what is wrong with me i feel so lost in the world and i ve been cutting off a lot of friends, feeling mentally and physically exhausted, not eating as much, crying and relapsing way more. it sucks feeling this way and my mother keeps yelling at me about my college grades even though i m trying my hardest, both my parents and other family members keep telling me i m not doing enough or i m not even trying. and it makes me feel so sad because i don t even feel like my old, smart self anymore. i just feel like a shell of someone who used to have dreams and actually even smile. i just want to be happy but every day seems to be piling and piling up and so are suicidal thoughts. every day more and more thoughts flood my mind and it s been getting unbearable in a way. i am not certain if i would ever act on them, i want to say that i wouldn t, but i can fully 100 say that. and i feel invisible, nobody at school cares if i show up. my family and relatives treat me like an alien. my crush has been dry with me, and i feel like i could run out in the street and just scream and nobody would even bat an eye. i just feel so tired and lonely.
obnoxious people in group therapy i m doing an 8 week bipolar stress management program. it s the first group i ve ever attended despite having been diagnosed with bipolar disorder for 7 8 years now. i m getting a lot out of it and i mostly enjoy the group format... except for that. one. fucking. guy. he s racist, he s obnoxious, he overshares, he tries to work in how much money he has into every conversation, and he just won t shut the fuck up. tonight he shared his biggest trigger, which was having so much money he has to talk to the bank a lot and he hates it when he has to speak to stupid people in call centers he can t understand. he has to talk to the bank all the time because he has sooooo much money like seven figures and its soooooooo hard. he doesn t attend every group, but he s irritated me since the first time i met him i m legitimately pleased when he s not in the group! tonight i wanted to walk out! there s a diverse mix of people at various stages of illness that attend and i get along with them just fine, i just can t stand this asshole. thank fuck there s only one session left. how about you guys, any group horror stories?
what personality traits do you associate with being bipolar or bipolar 2? at the age of 47 i ve just been given a diagnosis of bipolar 2. i m looking back through my life and wondering what aspects of myself are related and which aren t. i ve listed the ones i can think of below very interested to see who can relate, or what people s differences might be. indecisive about what career direction to take been a teacher, website manager, aged carer, rehab counsellor and counting. artistic creative crafty love the planning ideas phase of projects but find the execution becomes boring and i don t finish off get inspired and enthusiastic about one topic or activity for a while, thinking about it a lot, engage in it almost in an obsessive manner but often without finishing projects , talk about it to other people ... and then suddenly lose interest. intimate relationships are topsy turvy i ve been with my so for 20 years now, but many times in our relationship i ve had one foot in and one foot out feel sure and committed, then feel like i m with the wrong person ... marriage is needless to say very precarious atm because i have hurt my so so much
anxiety level 1,000,000 husband's surprise christmas present for christmas my husband bought me a 6 week training program at a local boxing club. i've never done class like exercising, so i was pretty concerned that my social anxiety would be a problem. i was right. the training program includes a strict meal plan and weekly weigh ins. if you lose 20 lbs in 6 weeks then you get all your money back. unfortunately, it's triggered my eating disorder and now i'm restricting like a mofo. the first class i went to, i had to sit out part of the time because i almost passed out. i've done 3 classes so far and it's incredibly embarrassing when i have to take a break to sit down while everyone else is still up and punching their bags. i know i shouldn't compare myself to everyone else, because i'm just a beginner and they might not be, but i can't help it. i think it's sending me into a depressive state. all i want to do is sleep and not think about going to class or eating... amp nbsp tl dr my husband bought me a 6 week boxing training program and it's triggered my mental state and my eating disorder... has anyone dealt with this sort of thing??
i honestly don't know what to do warning rant ahead and me being manic reaching out for something, anything! i am trying to dumb this down as much as i can to fit a general post, so here it goes... years ago, i disowned my friends. swore them off like they were a plague, mainly to reinforce my manic state of i wasn't good enough for them. because, seriously, i am not good enough., my mood swings are prevalent, my lack of funds from being manic are there, my general lack of well being keeps me from hanging out so to speak. i dont know what to do. i miss them. the whole friendship arc has worn itself out and i am a side character waiting to be in the story again. so, instead of that, i cut things, everythings. and here i am, alone and depressed years later reaching out to the interwebs to see what they have to say about my relationship issues. i want to be a part of someones life. i want to be a human again. i want a friend. i want to say sure i am ok to someone and actually mean it. its hard and i hate crying and i hate that this is rant and this is how my life is and i hate it. sorry. thanks for reading. i really don't know what to do.
i m in a weird place, i think i always see people saying they like being hypo but i m depressed right now and it s kind of a relief. although i m sad for no reason, apathetic is probably more fitting, and i m not eating and am just so tired all day and don t really leave my bed.. i m still keeping up with my hygiene which usually goes right out the door when i get depressed. but my mind is like on vacation. i haven t changed a thing with my meds. i take them around the same time s every day. i have been crying a little bit more. for the longest time i didn t cry at all. i might actually be sad about something. i mean i, for the most part, hate myself and my life, but that s an everyday thing. maybe my mind isn t as on vacation as i thought. i m just happy, for lack of a better word, to not be manic hypo bc i m starting to think that i get more mixed than anything. i m possibly even mixed right now but on the more depressed side, if it works that way. i don t think i m making sense. is it possible to be in an almost constant mixed episode but either lean manic or depressed? i thought i had a pretty descent grasp on bipolar but fuck idk
i never knew it was manic episodes i never knew going off texting someone a million texts was me being manic telling them borderline cruel things was being manic. i didn't know it could all escalate. that going through more trauma could affect me the way it has. dammit i thought i had things under control just because i used to be productive about my mental health my brain hurts now when things get too much. i became violent i rage now. i'm tired. i used to just curl up and cry. i spent a year in bed once in 7th grade and another time as a late teenager and nobody noticed. i cried for a whole 2 days one time, the tears just kept pouring out...nobody noticed. i had panic attacks without knowing they were panic attacks. i got into weed and alcohol not knowing how much it all could exacerbate things. i'm in legal trouble because things escalated for me. i had just been diagnosed and i was already on medication. i'm scared, alone and just trying to get by. how'd i get this far ? i always felt like i had so much potential and i truly wanted to do things and live genuinely. i feel like a failure. i just never knew things could get this bad.
possibly bipolar friend hi guys i m not sure where to put this but i could really use some advice! a bit of background on me before i start, my mom has bpd and i personally have had a lot of experience with the mental health system and was tested extensively for mood disorders so i know a bit about the process. so anyways, i have a good friend f19 who is also one of my roommates. i ve always known her to be a partier, smokes weed regularly, drinks quite a bit and just generally goes out p often nothing too unusual for university. i have noticed though that when she s not in her party girl!!! mood she hits really low we did have a suicide scare wherein she left notes and everything and that the change can happen really fast. similarly her feelings can seem to change fast as well being in love with a bf one day and breaking up with him and moving on the next. i just want to know what you guys think does this sound like bipolar? if it does can should i talk to her about getting help? if so how? and what kind of help? i m just genuinely very worried about her. any help is appreciated!!! ps sorry if this isn t the right subreddit for this
99 problems and hypomania is all of them i ve been fairly manic the past 2 or so weeks, sleeping maybe 4 5 hours on a good day night i work at a 24 hour hospital and eating just enough that i don t crumble every time i stand. additionally, i ve been having relationship problems that have been overwhelming me to uncontrollable tears every second that i stop and think about my life. i ve been go go go nonstop, working 70 hour weeks because i couldn t say no when i was asked to pick up shifts, and have definitely not been chill towards my body. i m now starting to feel the repercussions of the past few weeks my body is dragging, my words don t come out right even the kids i work with called me out on it , and my thoughts would get a reckless driving ticket if they could operate a motor vehicle. i have to work 11pm 7am tonight after waking up at 5 this morning to work 7 3pm, not sleeping after, and barely stomaching a chocolate bar for dinner. i m incredibly anxious about my body giving out on me at work and i don t know what to do to make sure i can maintain during this shift. ?? if anyone has advice, i would greatly appreciate it
ketamine therapy so the other day i'm on the net and i see an ad for a ketamine clinic that promotes it for bipolar, but provided no information. i requested the science to support their claim, and sent it to a scientist to back up what i had read. thid scientist was also part of the dc ketamine trials and helped analyze the information. we were of the same mind. good in theory, but no real science to support their claims. with mdd and ptst sure, but bipolar is a different kind of beast. anyways i get a call from the doc that runs the cliinic. we talk for about 15 minutes and i get all my questions answered. they claim an 80 success rate. that seem super high for me. also insurance doesn't cover it so it would all be out of pocket. i am a prime candidate, but i'm not going to pay money to be a lab rat, especially if there's a 20 failure rate. i would mean regular maintenence doses and stopping meds, which scare me. anyone done it? any thoughts? i'm not looking for a cure, but an effective treatment that's more effective than the meds i get to take the rest of my life. like i said i'm just looking for thoughts and experiences.
suddenly really confrontational? so i have yet to meet with my psychiatrist to confirm my diagnosis but it's looking quite likely that i'm living with bipolar ii. over the past few months i've experienced my first full blown manic episode, with all the characteristic symptoms. now i'm back in a really bad depressive state. nevertheless, i've really been treated like shit over the past few months by some people who were once friends. in the past, i'd have been very meek and mild and probably would have let such behaviour slide. but over the past month or so, i've been very confrontational about the way i've been mistreated. i also went to the annual general meeting of a society i used to be president of, and called them out for their causal homophobia, misogyny, racism etc. these are things i wouldn't have considered doing in the past i'd have been far too anxious and frankly conflict avoidant. now that fear has gone and i see willing to embrace confrontation when i've been wronged. is this just a sign of personal growth or have others experienced a surge in confrontational behaviours as well? thanks guys and love to you all
getting out of the house while feeling like shit had grocery shopping to do..one of my least favorite things when i'm depressed. i pulled into a dollar store parking lot spot and noticed a car behind me wanting me to pull forward into the spot ahead of me making my car backwards so they could pull in and have my primo spot. i was parked correctly, already parked and i wasn't going to pull forward. the lady sat there for 4 mins waiting for me. she finally sped off and went around the parking lot to the other side to pull into the spot she wanted me to go in and gave me the meanest glare. at this point my adrenaline kicked in and i gave her a thumbs up with a huge grin. i don't have time for weird shit and i'm not going to let someone bully out of my spot. but anyway, she waited in her car for me to get out. she was twice my size and looked like she was going to kill me. needless to i stayed in the car and ended up leaving because i didn't need a scene in front of my kids or harm done. the adrenaline on the other hand has kicked off a good sensation and for the time today i don't feel sad. thank you scary lady for the uplift.
money troubles hey guys. i m struggling financially atm big time. last year i had to take over 4 months off and was in hospital for 3 months due to a very severe episode. i ve returned to work since then but part time, and i can t seem to catch up on the costs of living with my income. the craziest thing is that i m a doctor registrar speciality training and i still don t make enough to live. my partner is supporting me as much as possible but he s struggling too. i feel so ashamed and defeated. i can t work more currently as i only just increased my hours and the stress and fatigue is full on right now. i have no parental support or other supports. after graduating med school i finally had financial freedom and was doing well. my relapse last year has cost me more than my health and it s a real struggle to go back living week to week and paycheck to paycheck i ve been poor my entire life apart from when i first graduated. is anyone else in the same boat and if so how do you come to terms with it? the situation makes me feel like i m a failure and i feel really embarrassed. hope everyone is doing ok and thanks to this sub.
bipolar ii i just went through my third extreme manic phase ever some background i was in and out of the er in january, four times within two weeks, because of some undiagnosed pain i had mistaken for a ruptured appendix. i don t know if it was all the pain meds or weird sleep schedule or what, but right after the last visit i was thrust into a manic phase i guess just a really major, extended hypomania technically for the third time in my life. when i was young, my bipolar ii was misdiagnosed as depression because the hypomanic phases were not so pronounced, and i was on vyvanse for adhd the same time as my antidepressants. it was about 3 weeks of minimal sleep, maximum spending, obnoxious incoherent rants on social media, questionable fashion choices, etc. this morning i woke up and immediately could tell i m crashing. this is the hardest my depression has hit me in a really long time, thanks to the contrast of the hypomania. i guess i just wanted to vent. i don t have a therapist anymore and my mom doesn t understand the depth of what manic phases are. she thinks it s just not being tired and talking faster than usual.
my job is triggering a really bad depressive faze. i really really hate my job, and it's exacerbating everything else. i'm constantly stressed, i want to die just so i don't have to keep going to that hell hole just to survive. i've been looking for a new job and so far no call backs. i've taken to drinking to numb everything, i'm so anxious all the time it feels like i'm on a never ending rollercoaster. i have diagnosed bipolar type 2 and general anxiety disorder that i am not currently medicated for, but i can't get myself to just call around to get in to a doctor i promise i will not kill myself, but i can't stop thinking about just dying to escape. i fantasize about natural disasters wiping out my town daily. i want a nearby volcano to blow, or a meteor to hit me. my house is a disaster, i can hardly bathe more than once a week pretty proud of myself for actually keeping my teeth brushed more often than not recently i just hope i hit a manic episode soon just for a break from this depression, but i don't think that's going to happen until i get a new job. if you've made it this far thank you for reading my rambling.
what do you know about long term care mental institutions? in the last year, i ve been hospitalized multiple times for suicidal thoughts and attempts this led to the psych ward for a few days . i ve seen 3 different psychiatrists and therapists. i ve tried what feels like 2 dozen medications. i ve been through insane weight fluctuations. i ve been having a real bad time and i m exhausted. a few days ago, because of my stupid really stupid, i don t blame her actions during mood swings, i lost my bestfriend. since then, i ve been just comatose almost. i can t function. i keep thinking of suicide. i think i need some long term care. i think on my own, i am in danger. but i m also scared of going to one, because i don t have money for something like that. i m also scared of what it would be like. i ve seen girl, interrupted . i m worried about the shame and worry it ll bring to my dad. i m embarrassed about people seeing me as the crazy person. i m just embarrassed about being 24 and wasting my best years because i can t control my emotions. i m sorry if this is rambling, i m just having a lot of racing thoughts right now.
scrambling amp struggling to cope... hello! i'm new to reddit in general and i'm really happy that this is a thing! i have been struggling to cope lately bipolar ii and anxiety and not a damn thing makes me feel better. i am in this constant state of emotional discomfort that manifests to the physical. i want to be left completely alone so i don't have to worry about the toll taken on myself and the people i love. i'm so focused on pushing people away i feel like i don't love anyone anymore...at least for right now. i try to avoid any sort of affection and i just feel like such an awful, horrid person. my boyfriend is so supportive and i feel so guilty and angry with him for trying to help me because i'm tired of the help and i just want to give up. i've felt like a ghost for a while now, why not be an actual ghost? my boyfriend just got his concealed carry permit and i just wish he could kill me. i can't live with myself like this for much longer...and i don't want to try to cope with this on my birthday in 4 days. can anyone offer any feedback or perhaps share their own experiences? thank you all so much for reading.
lamictal withdrawal severity change over time? hi, so three times in the past week and a half i ve missed my lamictal dose. last wednesday and thursday night i threw up all my meds because of latuda nausea. last night i forgot to pick up my lamictal refill from the pharmacy so went without it. normally i can t go more than four hours past taking my nightly lamictal dose of 400 mg without horrible and intense withdrawal. it puts me in a severe mixed episode with suicidal ideation and planning. every time i throw up my meds or miss a dose i prepare for some of the worse hours of my life until i can take my dose again. i ve been on it since 2006, and have been at this high dose for probably at least 8 years. the weird thing is... none of the withdrawal symptoms happened these last three times. maybe i m just numbed our from my other meds latuda 120 mg, seroquel xr 300 mg, lithium 1,200 mg . or could this be a sign that it s not even working in my system anymore, so i wouldn t miss it? anyone know if those other drugs lower lamictal doses? this is such a jarring change that i wonder if it has larger implications. thanks!
short episodes triggered by something trivial? i know that s a symptom of bpd and there s a chance of comorbidity of bp and bpd, but i really don t think i reflect the symptoms of bpd. no doctors have suggested it and i ve read through the detailed description and nothing matches. the one thing that is similar is i ve had mood swings that may last the span of a few days elevated or mixed for a day half a day and then sometimes depressed the three to four days following . this happens maybe 5 10 times a year for me. most of my high and low episodes will last one to three months, but i do have these so called mild blips . most are relatively mild and controllable, but some are worse than others. i write this because something trivial happened the other day and then i started to feel the hypomania coursing through my veins. racing thoughts, impatience, the need to get rid of the intense energy. i felt the need to scream and i don t know how to describe it, but you know when you re just looking around you having those racing thoughts and you just feel a little crazy and a little scared? does anyone else experience this?
on too much medication, and scared for my future. let's see where can i start. i'm 30 and i've been hospitalized twice in the span of a year. i don't have much work experience except working in a factory and logistics for a year. i'm heavily dependent on my mom for support. i also was recently diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder. currently, i am on seroquel 300mg, zyprexa 20mg, trileptal 600mg, and a long acting injectable of invega. i'm going to try to tell the doctor i don't need three antipsychotics to functuion i said some really obscene things while i was hospitalized and if i had done which i did not do thankfully those things while in psychosis i probably would been put in jail or prison. the reason why i decompensated so bad was because i titrated too fast off of seroquel and started to become extremely delusional. i'm really unsure what i can do with my life job wise. i feel like i'm 100 percent disabled on so much medication. i just want my life back and i dunno if i can take back what i was saying to the nurses and psychiatrist.. they know i was sick.. but i don't know my future is really bleak fucked
small bursts of elevated mood while in a depressed phase? hi there, i am new here. two days ago i was told by my therapist that i could be diagnosed with a bipolar disorder and recommended meds. i never realised that i might have something like this. if anyone would be so kind and answer my very clueless questions, that would be amazing. my cycles of hypomania and depression are long ? so i tend to have a few months of depression and then one or maybe two months of hypomania. when i am in my depressed state i sometimes feel for a very short time that i will switch phases into hypomania again because i feel energised, happy and productive. it only lasts for a few hours maximum and then goes back to the depression, though. more often than not it happens in the middle of the night. is this possible that there are smaller cycles in big cycles i hope this is understandable as i am not an english native speaker, sorry. or could this be a sign that i actually am not bipolar? and how long are cycles in general allowed to be when it stems from bipolar disorder? if anyone takes the time and reads this thank you so much!!!
so i'm diagnosed with bi polar 1 and i'm just and angry psycho.....nothing really helps me. i'm super motivated and driven.i work hard and are succesful.i have the typical loss of memory and can't focus a lot of the time but have found ways to get passed it. i have an anger issue however.go against me, an im just like fuck you!you know? like tell me i do something slightly wrong and i will be like then fucking show me dumbass i do everything alone as a result. i succeed and make friends. i just ignore them and avoid everyone once i do. i run a successful fb account and recently had a manic episode where i lashed out at everyone.for no reason just spazzing. it resulted in people acting very petty and as a result i just got worse and worse. i feel like its getting more annoying as time goes on. like eventually someone with the wrong attitude is going to want to get into an altercation with me. my medications have helped and talking to a therapist helps. but i cannot seem to just control this rush of adrenaline i get over every little thing. like the movie crank but with normal stuff. any one else have this issue?
transfer of care request denied uk please help advice needed i have been under the care of a community mental health team for 10 years for my bipolar and gad, i recently moved across the country so my psychiatrist put in a transfer of care request to a mental health clinic in the city i live now. i just received a letter from this new place saying my transfer of care request has been denied because my psychiatrist stated i was stable so they are discharging me to my gp now. this can t be right surely? not only because i have bipolar and need regular appointments with a psychiatrist to monitor manage my medication etc, but i m also unemployed and the mental health team were just about to help me with preparing to slowly get back to work starting with volunteering, they told me this new clinic would help me with this and now that won t be happening i feel completely left in the lurch. how am i supposed to work or do anything without their support? i don t know what to do, the letter sounded very firm and final about this but my psychiatrist was adamant i would continue to receive support from cmht. please help
can't pinpoint moods feelings... hi everyone, i'm very new here so please forgive me if this has already been discussed... i was recently diagnosed and prescribed lamictal this happened two days ago . i've been seeing a counselor for some other issues and she recommended going to psychiatrist. my therapist psychiatrist recommend keeping track of my moods. this seems so easy...so i write down how i'm feeling or rate how i'm feeling. i've been trying to do this for the past month. i have found it so hard to identify my emotions moods feelings. i sit down and either use an app dayio, evernote... or a physical notebook to start my journaling. i get in my own head so much that i can't seem to figure out how i am feeling. lately, it feels like i am making it all up. i overthink it all so much that i think oh nevermind...i'm fine and just move on with my day. i guess my question is...how do others track their moods feelings? are there are tips that you have for someone recently diagnosed and feeling like they have still made it all up even though, logically, i haven't ? have other experienced this? thanks a bunch!
psychosis triggerd by bodytherapy hi guys, i have had a psychotic episode 2x. in between my recovering fases i noticed that massage therapy was a trigger for me too sliding back and loosing it. after i noticed it the second time i called up some masseuse therapists and came to find out they have a contra indication for massages. meaning they dont do massage therapy on people who have psychiatric problems. the reason being that massaging the body does something to the mind. it can release emotions that are stuck in your body and these emotions can trigger you. that was really a bummer for me because whenever i was stressed and needed relaxation i would take a massage. i have been looking into things like meditation, reiki, breath therapy and bio energetica. but often their is a contra indication. i wanted to know if any of you also feel their is a body mind connection? and that things that happen to your body can be a trigger. would love to hear experiences. i would do anything to stay stable amp healthy. but i need to find a way how to cope with stress and how to relax my body in a way it wont be triggered.
starting to doubt i have bipolar? i'm a 26 year old woman. i was going through a really rough patch, considering suicide, etc. so i booked an appointment with a doctor. the doctor referred me to another doctor who discussed the possibility of having bipolar. at the time it made sense, i could see how i fit many of the symptoms. in order to get a proper diagnosis, i need to first speak w a psychiatrist. i have an appointment this thursday. i'm now starting to seriously doubt that i have bipolar. i'm no longer feeling so down, i actually feel fine. i'm starting to question whether i have bipolar or if i'm just being a little dramatic? doesn't everyone do wild stuff now and again? my friends all have crazy stories of wild shit they've done. all similar to mine. and normal people feel down sometimes too. right?? i'm dreading going to this appointment on thursday because i'm embarrassed to explain that there's nothing wrong with me, i'm just dramatic and a bit of a cry baby. what should i do? should i cancel or go and just apologise for wasting this doctors time?? or could this all be in my head??? help lol
i m new i m very recently diagnosed in conjunction w asd . i m just very scared of my head i m scared of the way my brain makes me think and i am scared of how little control i have over it. ive no idea what world i ve entered into, mostly because i don t understand much yet, despite wanting to. i ve studied psychology at university before dropping out multiple times , and it s so easy to look at things on the outside and understand them, but to look introspectively is so difficult. it s difficult to analyse the thoughts i should and shouldn t listen to. it s difficult to place or recognise moments of irritability, excitement, etc. sometimes i m panicking without even knowing i m panicking or why. im just very much in a state of barely knowing what s going on in my head until the aftermath, unless it s depressive thoughts, those are pretty easy to figure out, and by far the most common for me. people near me just say i shouldn t think that way, but it s hard explaining why i feel i have no control over how i genuinely feel if that makes sense. does it get better? i ve been prescribed mood stabilisers.
ever feel like you should probably hospitalize yourself but can't because of school work etc related anxiety? university student, dropped from hypomania to severe depression in a matter of seconds last week and have been having bad ideations since so far no plan or anything, which is usually how this goes for me i have a 12 page research paper due in 2 days, which i haven t started yet. spent my entire freshman year hypomanic, finished with a 3.96 gpa. had a full blown manic episode last semester when i finally got diagnosed and gpa dropped a ton. depression this semester has set me to make my gpa fall a lot more. i have such high expectations for myself based based on how well i used to do in school, and i feel like i owe it to my parents to also do well. they aren t super strict or anything, but my brother was also bp and had a paranoid, violent manic episode which ended in suicide. sister too, although she s relatively stable now but without a job. it feels like i have an obligation to be the one who turned out really well and to have grades continue dropping is putting me under way too much stress
medical marijuana does it help or hurt? i have a few diagnosed mental health conditions. i was diagnosed with adhd and anxiety as a child and cyclothymia as an adult. my current therapist sees bpd traits too. i changed psychiatric care providers and during my intake appointment the aprn suggested medical marijuana. they told me it would increase the efficacy of the stimulant and mood stabilizer i am on. they also claimed they would be able to replace the benzos i dislike taking. my childhood was absolutely difficult but i don't really see how it would result in ptsd the only psychiatric condition that medical marijuana is approved for in my state i am looking for studies and information about the use of medical marijuana in combination with traditional psychiatric care and therapy. is there any validity to the claims it will help boost my medication? i am quite interested in cbd for anxiety. i have used marijuana in the past recreationally and of course i like it. just this fact makes me feel like a big phony. i'm concerned but mostly because i can't find much research on it. any help is appreciated.
mourning over becoming stable? i've had bp1 what appears to be my whole life and saw all the chaos as just part of who i was and that was okay. now that i've been working towards getting stable i've looked back and realised just how bad i've been and how bad i've hurt people including myself . i've let go of the guilt now and im happy that i've committed to getting better for the future, but part of me feels sad with my brain feeling so quiet. i feel empty and boring and like what made me me is now gone so i'm having to relearn this healthier version of myself? it feels so scary for some reason. i also feel like i can't explain that to anyone who doesn't have what we have, partly brcause i don't want to as i feel like i should be happy that i'm doing so well and finally feel at peace. i hope this makes sense and i also hope that i'm not the only one that's going through has gone through this. if you have, how can you make this easier i definitely won't give up on my meds therapy for the sake of the people i love and my future, but it does feel so tempting to stop and go back to what feels familiar.
recent bipolar ii diagnosis. scared and confused. off the bat, i'm an alcoholic who has been trying mostly unsuccessfully to stop drinking for a while. went to a 10 day detox in january. i thought i could dry out and get back into the groove that was my 6 months of clean time. but instead, i relapsed a week out. spent the most of february bunny hopping few days drinking, few days drying out and realized that i had to get my ass back to rehab. so here i am 4th rehab in 3 years. i've been to this one twice before, i guess 3 times if you count my short stint in their detox a few weeks back. most of the time, i get sober for 6 months and relapse 7 days. the psychiatrist who has been seeing me whenever i end up back here diagnosed me with bipolar ii yesterday. and i feel weird about it. which brings me here. i don't know what to do next. i don't know if i should get a second opinion or just accept this one we've met about 4 times this year alone for 1 hours each time, and like i said he's the same psychiatrist who has done all of my evaluations here over the years. he would like to put me on lamictal.
2017 was brutal all of my recent med changes were on 2017. zoloft made me mixed and totally insane, i got lithium poisoning, akathisia from abilify, suicidal from trileptal, suicidal on latuda, depakote didn't work out, haldol wasn't right, too much wellbutrin made me unstable. it's been an almost nonstop joyride. i almost hospitalized myself a few times. i've never been before so it's a big deal. i legitimately almost killed myself on 3 occasions. i dabbled in self harm. i had a very rough year. professionally i didn't get along with my old teaching team and they turned our kids against me. principal got involved and was on my side, it was ugly. so i finished my first year of teaching and now my second year is going much better but the end of that first year was miserable. 2017 was not my friend. i saw an idea on facebook to put a note in a jar each week that has one good thing that happened that week on each note then at the end of the year look at all of the great things that happened. i love that idea. here's to hoping everyone has a better 2018. it can't be worse than 2017, that's for sure.
is having a routine bad? i ve been through a very severe depression this winter. i was self harming and i ended up being suicidal and basically almost worthless as i couldn t do anything but sit in bed and sleep. i had my meds adjusted 3 times, and once my pdoc added seroquel to the mix, everything changed. i feel stable, i sleep well and wake up rested, i feel good overall. not manic good, but normal good. the problem is i developed a certain routine. i do almost the same thing everyday. i can finally cook, clean the house, work and function like i m supposed to. but i m scared of anything that threatens to break my routine like going out, having friends over, etc. i managed to stop taking naps, because i no longer feel mentally drained. it s not about comfort zone, it s just that i felt so bad, and i ve been in such a dark place, that right now i m happy to feel stable, something i haven t felt in a long time. my previous manic episode was pretty bad too. is it wrong that i cling to my routine? i feel like i need this routine for now, until i feel i m able to do other things too. am i wrong?
should i tell him? hi everyone! i'm currently doing my honours in zoology which entails a research project. i have two supervisors one of the professors at my uni and a postdoc whose research i will be elaborating on. it's a lot of work so far writing up, going through literature, making proposals, etc. . i started this year off on a really bad foot and i've just been in a really low place for the whole of it. i'm type 2, so i'm either down or i'm really down. anyway, it's definitely affecting my productivity at this point. i'm also scared that it's affecting my relationship with my supervisors because i can't get myself to talk to them when i'm in my down cycle or, if i do, i always say the wrong thing or come off as defensive . i'm going to have to work with them through the whole year and i'm scared this keeps going on. i don't like to tell people that i'm bipolar but i wonder whether it will make things easier if i told my professor. he's an amazing guy and would understand. but i feel like giving this info would mess around with his perception of me or something. what would you guys do?
tips on getting back info life please so ever since my bought of psychosis im terrified of going outside. if you want to read about my phycotic break you can read it on my page. i have noise sensativity, light sensativity and derealization. im scared to be around traffic. are there any tips for going outside my biggest fear is that im going go have a break outside from home. i've been in a depressive and anxious stage since august havent left the house since september 2018. i know im a loser. i still have my job im on fmla and college is on hold for me and receiving mental help in home and my parents are taking care of my son and i. i thank the lord for all i have in the time. is there anything advice on how to get back in to life im so embarrassed and feel like a failure. i'm a 21 y o that sits in the house all day and cries i have ptsd from my psycotic break. sometimes i believe the break was actually real that's how real and scary it felt. i don't want to die i want to live im scared of suicide i just cant see this getting any better. im like a deer in the headlights all day please help
hands shaking coordination awful how to cope? hi everyone, first post so i m sorry if i m doing this wrong. i m teetering on the edge of a massive down at the moment while my pills even out just upped dosage and alongside the other crap i always get really bad problems with my hands and coordination. i feel like i can t close my hands properly, as if all the heaviness goes into them, and when i try to concentrate on them they just go shaky. my shrink says it s a normal symptom of depression lack of coordination which is fine my problem is that i m a piano teacher and every time this happens it makes it almost impossible to demonstrate exercises for my students, or convince them that good technique pays off. not to mention i keep dropping breaking things. has anyone found a way to work around this? it doesn t help me to have proof that i m useless bad at my job clumsy when i m in a down, and like i said i m definitely heading there this weekend. thank you xxx edit i should have said, this is a symptom that i had before i started taking lamictal, but i agree that it could have made it worse.
does anyone else have adverse reactions to touch when coming out of an episode? i just had a minor freakout over something i said, basically i told my boyfriend i wasn't up for d amp d tonight which he was okay with but i feel like i ruin everything and i hid myself away in the bathroom. i ended up getting really angry at myself during this and threw my phone at the wall, which prompted my mother to come upstairs and ask what was going on. i blew up at her and told her everything's fine, just please leave me alone which was obviously yelled, not calmly spoken . i then moved to my room and started sobbing which prompted my boyfriend to come in and try to comfort me. we talked it out and i started to calm down, but when he was rubbing my back it felt like my skin was burning so i pulled away. i don't really know how to describe it other than an adverse tactile reaction to touch. i notice it a lot after i have a breakdown like this. tl dr had mini breakdown, lashed out and regretted it, talked it out with boyfriend and when he tried to physically comfort me it felt like my skin was burning.
bipolar with social anxiety hello! i am new here and i figured i would find a chat board that i can relate to. i've been diagnosed bipolar for over 12 years as well as adhd, ptsd, trichotillomania and social anxiety. my fiance and i just recently moved and what two friends i had turned out to only want me around because i finally got my disability and had income finally. given that, i'm back to having no friends again in my community. it's painfully hard for me to talk to new people as people see me as socially awkward and just not someone to fit in anywhere. with that said i was just hoping to make a friend or friends who know what my struggle is daily with these conditions. my fiance and my dad are my friends right now, but i would like some females to hang out with and talk to. my fiance and i are getting married this year in october so i am under a lot of stress and my anxiety is really high. i don't bite much, tend to have a good sense of humor but i'm way to good at seeing through people. if someone's fake i know it pretty quickly which also keeps me isolated. i just want a friend.
an unquiet mind there is a particular kind of pain, elation, loneliness, and terror involved in this kind of madness. when you're high it's tremendous. the ideas and feelings are fast and frequent like shooting stars, and you follow them until you find better and brighter ones. shyness goes, the right words and gestures are suddenly there, the power to captivate others a felt certainty. there are interests found in uninteresting people. sensuality is pervasive and the desire to seduce and be seduced irresistible. feelings of ease, intensity, power, well being, financial omnipotence, and euphoria pervade one's marrow. but, somewhere, this changes. the fast ideas are far too fast, and there are far too many overwhelming confusion replaces clarity. memory goes. humor and absorption on friends' faces are replaced by fear and concern. everything previously moving with the grain is now against you are irritable, angry, frightened, uncontrollable, and enmeshed totally in the blackest caves of the mind. you never knew those caves were there. it will never end, for madness carves its own reality.
i don t know how to help my bipolar son. my son suffers from bipolar among other things. i have it too, but mine is much more mild, i think mine is the cyclothymic one, however, his is bipolar i. this week he has had a manic episode, and somehow he is convinced that he needs to fly across the world to save his friend from terrorists. in reality, his friend is on vacation and just has very bad signal so can t be in touch. he is 16, but stole my credit card to buy tickets, got his passport and is planning on leaving. when i tried to talk to him, he was convinced that i m with the terrorists that kidnapped his friend. his friend is an adult lady who was his caretaker for a while. i have no clue what to do. he won t speak to me anymore because i m evil. he won t take meds either because he thinks they are poison. he has dropped out of school two years ago and stays at home. i don t want him to have a record so i don t want to get the police involved. he doesn t have a doctor he got a diagnosis from one but haven t seen her since . apparently doctors are evil too. i have no idea what to do.
i turn 21 tomorrow i turn 21 tomorrow. this summer will mark my 2nd year since diagnosis. little about me. had on and off depression throughout most of my childhood. got through hs relatively unscathed. went to college. then shit just fell apart. dropped out of college. combination of financial stuff and mental health. lost job after that. got diagnosed bipolar 2 . long time girlfriend left me shortly after that. its been about a year and a half since that. 2015 and 2016 were fucking rough man. 2017 was ok. barely though. i went to the hospital for depression when i was younger like 6th grade . havnt been back since. ive come close to going back but i havnt yet. im dreading tomorrow. every year i do. just another year that i really dont want to be here. been changing meds lately which dosnt help. idk man... tl dr have bipolar 2. am currently depressed. turn 21 tomorrow. dont want to be reminded of age since i dont really want to be alive to be quite frank. will probably just play some pubg and watch anime to get through the day tomorrow. just wanted to rant i guess. back to lurking.
brother committed, diagnosed, home. still manic? my brother 26 was committed for a manic episode, diagnosed bipolar and was released today. immedietly drank with his buddies, took the brand new truck he bought during this manic episode and blew up at my dad for making payments on his over drawn accounts. he was committed for 20 days, but just started the bipolar medication about 10 days ago. he looks and sounds so much better, but he's still talking about how intelligent he is and that he has all of his finances in order and knows what he's doing. i'm afraid he hasn't actually accepted the diagnosis or realised just how much of a mess there is to clean up. he started his own company this year, and i'm scared to death all of his financial issues will get so much worse. he doesn't seem to care, says he feels amazing and is planning on furthering his business. i guess my question is how do i approach him about this without seeming overbearing or telling him what to do? should i wait and see if the meds just havent kicked in yet? what do you wish your family and friends did differently?
bipolar 1 side effects went to the doctor for tendonitis and brought up to the second doctor of the day about me being bipolar 1 and he was the first doctor in over 6 years to bring up hyper sexuality as a side effect. ?? i am well aware of that and that's partly why i ended up moving away from branson, mo area and deleted dating apps after meeting my serious bf. i said i didn't want to end up pregnant and he was worrying about me getting diseases. i was like oh yeah that's important too to avoid those lol ?? it cracked me up but it was awesome that he knew to bring that up without me bringing it up. he sounded very aware of the impulsiveness and crazy boosts of energy i experience. i also got asked when my last mania episode was, right now is not a good answer but the truth. i'm trying to suppress the urge to go spend all my money, and i can't go run because of the tendonitis in my left foot. i've been hyper for days but i'm trying to be okay. been off meds since october and i've been great up until this month. manic depression is weird but i'm a pro at it. have a happy friday! ??
latuda withdrawals akathisia hi all, i was put on latuda for about 3 weeks 1 at 10mg, 2 at 20mg as my previous stabiliser wasn't doing much for me. i assumed my worsening depression anxiety were withdrawals but by week 3 i ended with akathisia that has really fucked me up. pdoc took me off it immediately and prescribed me 0.25mg xanax to take as needed which i had been taking one or two of intermittently to cope with the transition it's been 12 days since my last latuda dose but i'm still having major depression panic crying fits and i'm concerned that the longer i take the xanax the more reliant i'm going to become on it. i'm already taking between 1.25 2mg day and while i'm having more frequent periods of stability, it's sometimes taking more xanax to get there and boy do i come crashing down hard once that 5 hour mark passes. has anyone had similar experiences coming off latuda? i'd think that with only 3 weeks on i'd be in the clear by now, but i've heard some horror stories and i'm also terrified of replacing one set of symptoms with another the longer i stay on xanax. thanks.
medication shame today, a colleague was talking about how 'lithium, the thing used in batteries and other stuff' was also being used to medicate people with 'mental problems'. that those people would end up with scrambled brains. at first, i was incredibly embarrassed and upset. however, i decided that i needed to say something i'm reasonably close with the other colleagues present, although they don't know about my bp, they know i've had depression etc . i told this individual that i take lithium and i suffered from depression and ocd as a teenager. he asked me if i was worried about taking 'something they use in batteries' and i explained that there are many chemicals that are broadly used and that taking lithium helps me to be the best version of myself. everyone was kind of awkward and i told them that it wasn't something to worry about and that mental health issues need to be discussed openly. the colleague later came and apologized incase they had offended me. my point is don't feel ashamed because you are taking your medication. be proud because you are working your ass off.
extremely anxious about helping a friend next week i haven t really seen any of my friends in about two years due to severe depression, mental breakdowns, and moving and all that stuff. a friend of mine had a baby not too long ago and asked if i could help her with something all day in about a week s time. i know it s really important that she get help for this, and i thought it over and said that i would. i do not want to cancel. i want to be a good, reliable friend which i haven t been in the past due to...well...bipolar and anxiety disorders . i m anxious about getting sick, about being around people for 7 hours, about doing something that requires me to talk to people, about having ibs in a public area. i m going to take imodium, i ll bring xanax and other meds with me, and i ll steal away to the bathroom if i need to. i know, logically, that everything will be fine. but i m having major major anxiety because i ve been on disability and away from people for so long. aghhh. i don t know if i m looking for advice, support, or if i m just venting. but thanks for reading anyway.
don't want a life with bipolar trigger warning i spend most of my time deeply depressed. suicide attempts, ideation, self harm, isolation, and generally there is just a huge part of me that bullies myself. i've been in therapy for years, been hospitalized, tried every med out there, and i excersize, meditate, and eat well. at best i am minimally functional. i can't handle stress, relationships destroy me, and i can't connect to anyone. this is not a life i am willing to live so now what? i can't keep doing this. life is almost purely pain and suffering for me. it's torture. i can't have a day without extremely intrusive thoughts of mutilating myself and i have a million other health problems besides bipolar. on top of that my life is generally just a disaster and i can't afford food or a place to live. i hate who i am and i hate that after years of work, i am no different. all i want is to be able to love others and be loved, but i think i'm broken and unfixable. what do i do? is suicide my only option? i can't do more meds and the hospital was traumatic. i can't go back there.
is it wrong to want to choose the time, place, and method of your demise? watching dad nearing the end has me thinking. i was a teenager when i decided that 38 was the age i would end it, as after that i'd be too old. 38 was over a decade ago, and since i had kids and a healthy body i allowed the year to pass. now i've been caring for my father for the past four months. he is frail, has a hard time walking, has multiple health issues, and is in constant pain. i look at him and think that's not an existence i want i've led a rich and exciting life. he's less than 20 years older than me, so in him i see my near future... i had ideation for a six month period years ago, but other than that i don't think about suicide. i'm not looking to end it all now, but this has been my plan for 35 years. i now learn that bipolar people have 20x suicide rate vs the general population. when the time comes and my health amp quality of life start to tank, i'd like to go under my own terms. outside of crisis situations, do any many of you have similar thoughts of a long term planned end of life?
drug advice i am 26 and have been diagnosed with bipolar ii disorder after a manic episode that lasted a month and a half. i ve dealt with it my whole life but never saw a doctor for it. in the beginning i was given an anti depressant and adderall for add. the wellbutrin anti depressant made me horrendously depressed and mixed with adderall incited violent, irrational and unpredictable behavior. i then was prescribed lamictal for my mood. all three of those sort of mellowed me out. then i decided to stop wellbutrin because it made me incredibly forgetful, even to the point f frequent black outs and loss of time days. so now, i am currently on lamictal and a very low dose of concerta. the concerta is doing nothing. i have horrendous add and my memory is pretty much wiped clean every week. i am also extremely extremely tired mentally and physically every day which is not ok because i am a runner and an avid biker but i haven t been able to work out in weeks because of this exhaustion. so basically, any insight on the right cocktail ? thanks for bearing through this rant. meezy
venting about getting help just venting since i would like to get therapy and psychiatric help but it s so hard to start when i switch constantly from anxious and restless to sluggish and always exhausted. i have a history of severe depression since like 11 years old but the ssris i took when i started treatment in high school made me manic. now i m 25, a few years back my doctor started treatment for bipolar after i had severe anxiety as well but the medication i took was very powerful and the side effects were harsh and i was in school so i stopped... it s now worse than ever, and as a result i don t really have the sleep schedule or willpower or energy or mental frame of mind to get medical help or therapy. no matter what my mind wants it gets vetoed depending on my state, so ultimately i don t get anything done and just spend the day unfocused. i also have severe agoraphobia depending on the mood cycle i m in, usually when i m depressed, so i rarely leave my apartment. i know if i could just get started and get to a doctor it would get a lot better. thanks for listening
does anyone else experience different types of personality surges? i have never been clinically diagnosed, but the closest symptoms i ve detected are in the bi polar category. so i was wondering if anyone else encounters this? its not like multiple personality disorder where each personality takes over the body and does their own thing. while the main personality doesn t remember at all or is forced to be in the back. i m conscious and can control each one of them, i can basically bite my tongue before bad things happen. one side is apologetic, can t make up my mind, sluggish, sleepy, full on emo emu depression mode, pushes everyone away, and doubts everything and everyone. one side feels like its just a burst of anger like it can easily make someone cry by just telling them off, a demon in its own way. while the other one is bubbly, fun, can do anything and everything, the life of the party, a daredevil, a creator, an artist who can easily pull all nighters. is this how bi polar works? i know there are like manic phases and etc. are those it? please and thank you everyone
my math professor gave me a chance to catch up and take my midterm on 4 3 i've been trying to but any advice? i was honest with my professor, told her my medical issues and diagnosis. admitted if i took the midterm i'd fail, and would like to request extra time. she's wonderful. next week is spring break, i have until april 3rd. can't focus on studying, always tired, have headaches, fog, etc. it's only with calculus. how in the world do i work around this? i'm so lost. if curious 1. my psych left the clinic and i was told to go somewhere else through my insurance. month long wait time, appointment finally on march 30th. 2. constant suicidal ideation. went to school counselor and psych, was told to try and get a goodnights sleep and it's just thoughts, right ? no help, didn't care, didn't even try to change my medications. 3. on klonopin .5mg, lamictal 200mg, wellbutrin 300mg, buspar 10mg x2 tl dr please give me advice on how to focus and not sleep or pace my hours away to study and catch up in calculus. i received a 46 on my first exam...a amp b student in everything else.
my attention span has plummeted to almost nothing. after a year of trying i finally finished a book! i used to be an avid reader, among other attention intensive hobbies, but as my illness has progressed i ve lost all ability to concentrate it seems. i bought carrie fisher s wishful drinking last february on a recommendation and because i knew it was relatively short. after literally just over a year of struggling to try to read it i ve finally finished! it was incredibly frustrating because it really was a fascinating and hilarious read, but i just couldn t for the life of me focus long enough to retain anything. even though it took me a stupidly long time to complete it still feels like a pretty big accomplishment and i just wanted to share! side note i d highly recommend wishful drinking to anyone reading this. carrie s retelling of her life is bittersweet in the best way possible. her humor in addressing the problems she faced was really relatable and refreshing. though, as you probably guessed from the title, the whole thing is basically one giant trigger warning.
comorbid anxiety? i sleep too much hi guys, so it's been a very long time i've been here. some good news meds work, like work work. took a year and a half to stabilize but seroplex lamictal solian combo did a good job. i crashed a car in august and it was the last time i've been maniac since. but here it comes. these days i've been starting to think that hypomania was so intense and fun i feel like my life is so boring now. plus i think i may have anxiety too. lately i've been sleeping so much i can't even hear my alarms. i have trouble getting to sleep at night but i can sleep for hours at daytime although i had 10 hours sleep the night before. i get anxious when i have to meet friends or have a big party. i wake up a lot during the night. monday i took 3 coffees during the morning and i had to get out of class cause i got stressed... what do you guys think? i'm meeting my psychiatrist on saturday. and by the ways, thank you all for supporting me last year, it was so helpful there were many times i couldn't have been through it if you and my friends hadn't been here.
seroquel and anger rage confusion, anyone else? i have been taking the same combo lamictal 150mg amp seroquel 200mg for about 5 years now for bpii, and it had been working really well. it did kind of kill the social life because if i don't take them too late i am pretty much useless the next day. however, for the past two weeks things have changed, especially in the morning. i have come to for lack of a better phrase, yelling at my so. and not just like upset, like furious rage that i can still feel, even when i realize what is going on and am confused as to what started it. i have a pdoc appt next week, but i am worried that this could get worse. so has said it is terrifying and i even threatened to throw things at him before the light bulb moments. i have an infant, who so has been incredible with taking of now protecting, as far as mornings go, even before the rage. the biggest issue used to be balance and coordination if i was startled awake. any tips on how to mitigate this? or cope with the guilt and confusion? so is understanding, but can only deal with so much
so i ve accepted my diagnosis. i have bp1. but for me mania is miserable anxious horrific. nothing fun just anxiety and energy pouring out of ever part of my body, insane talkativeness, flight of ideas, can t stand being alone. just need to be doing something. it s not like it s depicted in popular media. it s not fun i don t have delusions of grandeur. i don t feel high or like everything s great i feel like im crawling out of my skin. anyone else have this or know where i can read more about this type of mania? im on meds but they re taking a bit to work take a bit to work just upped med number two and woohooo we re getting there and the meds are starting to work but it s killing me and i lost a close friend bcs they can t handle my inability to take accountability for my actions i m playing the bipolar victim card according to him bcs i lose focus and talk too much and am all over the place. but i m trying my best. i see my counselor once or twice a week and my psychiatrist every month even though he s crazy expensive. i just want to understand this type of mania
i think i might have bipolar disorder. back in 2014 i was diagnosed with major depression with psychotic features. i see a psychiatrist take my prozac as prescribed and go to therapy. i am now doing much better than i was then. i steal deal with depression but i can function and i know how to manage it. the only time i ever get relief from it is during the spring. from march to may i feel fantastic. i have more energy and i feel more creative and productive. when summer hits i tend to get depressed. when this happened last summer i talked with my doctor and decided to increase my dosage of prozac. it did not work and i felt weird and had suicidal ideations. he suggested what i have might be bipolar disorder. i thought he did not know what he was talking about until i remembered spring time. in the spring i am walking on sunshine. i also think i am a genius and the shit. my libido also goes up, and i will do things sexually that i would not do the rest of the year. i know reddit can not diagnose me but does my behavior make any alarm off. any advice would be helpful.
what is normal ? i m very new to all of this. i was diagnosed with bipolar ii about 6 months ago after i checked myself into an inpatient facility. i m a 28 year old female and i m coming to terms with my diagnosis, but i haven t seen anyone or taken any medication since i left the facility. does anyone else struggle to tell the difference between what s normal behavior and what s manic behavior? for example, i m in a relationship with a wonderful man, and out of the blue last week i just decide i don t want to be with him anymore and lose all feelings for him. and all of these reasons to leave that i keep telling myself sound completely valid, but how can i go from loving him and wanting to marry him to just complete indifference? when i get like this i turn cold towards him and want nothing to do with him. i feel annoyed when he tries to talk to me. is that normal? just to add, i ve done this like 10 times over the course of our 2 year relationship and feel so guilty later on. i just don t want to rashly and regret anything later. does anyone else experience this?
nonstop impulses i always thought my bp2 add ? was all about distractions . shiny things, and all that. a partly external problem that i just suck at filtering out. i never considered my overpowering urges and habits to be impulse based, and it is revolutionizing the way i m seeing things. i googled around to learn more, and i came across a bullshit shaming listicle from bp hope i thought they were our friends!!! basically saying just discipline yourself! . as if everybody gets the impulse to stay up into the wee hours organizing their bathroom, or the compulsion to spend their whole paycheck on something they didn t give a shit about a week ago, or the brilliant idea to start their own business with no money, but they re just better at controlling it. at work, it seems to take me twice the time to do things as everyone else, and it s largely due to constant small, but uncontrollable things i have to do . fuck all that. i figured i d check in with the real bp ni az. where do you think our nonstop impulses come from and has anyone had any luck with controlling them?
take that seroquel semiconscious thoughts at 4 00 am on seroquel are unintelligible. memories are photographs, they lie horizontally and twist and float across a black screen and cannot be intelligibly linked to the jumble of words that come to my mind when i try narrate what is happening to myself. i want to panic for fear i've lost control of my conscious self, my own perception of my own experiences and my own story. but what is more likely? do i have a story over which to have control? aren't i a random smattering of continuously altered star manufactured material simply an unlikely accident which happens to be consumed with its own importance. why does it make sense to believe that my very own particular microspeck of cosmic trash that happens to exist at this time in this place fits into some narrative that makes sense to try to tell? perhaps a failed seroquel dream is simply a more accurate reflection of being. and that's how i narrative myself back into a story of a legitimate human experience with a basic grasp of high school science. take that serorquel.
how do you cope with the brain fog? i've been diagnosed for 4 years and on latuda just as long, and i'm really struggling with the brain fog way more than i used to. i used to take modafinil for fatigue and i felt like a person again but i can't take it anymore due to circumstances out of my control and i'm wondering what people do to regain function. it doesn't feel like the depression fog all that much, it feels like my brain simply does not work. i notice how i'm unable to understand even the simplest of things no matter how hard i try, even things i used to be able to do without difficulty. i'm considering dropping out of college because i simply can't work fast enough to keep up with the load, and i can't stay awake long enough to work on things. i'm taking caffeine pills and drinking absurd amounts of coffee to try and keep myself awake long enough to do anything, but i don't think this is sustainable. does anyone have advice that isn't go talk to your psychiatrist because i am, but i'm turning to the community to see what's helped other people. thank you 3
getting bf committed how realistic is this? he's been unmedicated for 2 years and promised a month ago he'd get medicated because i said i won't stay if he doesn't it's been bad . he is currently out of work for going on 8mos and obviously also uninsured. he went to a psych on his sister's bill about 5mos ago, was prescribed abilify, did not like the initial side effects so refuses to take it. i can't afford to send him to a new pdoc and a lot of his family is not speaking to him rn because along with losing his job her burned most of his bridges. how realistic is it that we could get him committed and maybe get a new prescription that way? is this a horrible idea? will it make him worse? i have not proposed it yet but his counselor did about a month ago. please help wonderful people of this amazing community. edit not wanting to commit him involuntarily. i just want to understand how hospitals or inpatient treatment centers work in situations like this. how does one get meds help with limited funds is probably more the question. i'm sorry for being such a noob.
goodrx vs. insurance i ve been using goodrx for some time now, and i m so glad i found it. some of my meds cost hundreds of dollars, with an insurance discount of 60 but under 10 with goodrx. back when i took seroquel, the out of pocket rate was about 700, with insurance 280, and with goodrx 20. medication costs have absolutely gone through the roof, even with employer plans. but for meds that offer generic, the cost is ridiculously less expensive with the app! mom s oncologist prescribed her an anti nausea medication, and i texted him to ask if there was a less expensive option considering cvs wanted to charge me 220 for a month s supply. he was livid! he said cvs had been charging the old brand name price for the generic for not only that med, but several others that his patients had informed him of. he advised me to download the goodrx app, and i paid 10. just sharing as an fyi, as i m on multiple meds that i used to pay way more than i should have been previously!! all mine are under 20, and only one is over 10. i d be paying close to 1,000 month otherwise!
i had the strangest feeling last night. last night as i laid down to sleep and had my eyes closed, i had something that felt like a dream, but it was something that happened just before i feel asleep. i lucidly thinking about the experience as it was happening. i ll start off with what i think it was. i think it was a new kind of suicidal ideation. i m not religious at all, but this dreamlike feeling was full of images that felt like a type of beautiful afterlife, like a heaven or something. it was sweeping land and seascapes that looked like something off of an asia album cover. everything was iridescent. and i was flying high above it all loftily and effortlessly. it felt like the scenes from the lost boys when you see the vampires pov as they fly. it looked so real, and so perfect and peaceful, and i felt like it was calling me to it. i began to speak to it. i said, please.. if this is it, please take me. please take me away from this. usually if i have si, it s miserable and darkly depressing. it felt like the si was being cunning and alluring this time.
does anyone else try to stay home and isolate because it's easier? i prefer to be alone and will avoid social interaction as much as possible. i'm really good at acting like a fun carefree person and because i rant become overactive when manic people assume that i love to hang out and i have a lot of friends which i wish i didn't in all honesty because upkeep is really stressful in reality i hate going out with friends at night now and i'm just not interested in anyone's conversation about their mundane work lives or rocky relationships etc. i do have a few friends i love to talk to and be around, but generally i would rather keep myself away from everyone for fear of being triggered into depression or doing saying something i shouldn't when manic. i have a lot of hobbies that require me being alone writing, drawing, film etc and sometimes i even get flu like symptoms when getting worked up about having to go to a bar or concert and stay home sick . people must think i'm the most i'll person in the world at this point. does anyone else have this experience ?
urge to trigger mania i recently had the most intense manic episode of my life and went on a whirlwind of euphoria, rage, etc... i had to miss work several days because i couldn't handle it and my mind was racing constantly. i'm relatively sure it was caused by me taking a few adderall pills not sure how much or the mg because that's when everything started. i crashed super hard and i'm so tired now and can't even indulge in my passions. when i was manic, i was able to draw for 12 straight hours and then go to work the next day without even sleeping. i can't even pick up a pencil now and i'm so frustrated with myself. i want to be able to do that again and it's making me want to buy some adderall from a friend of mine but i know that it's not gonna do me any good in the end. i just wish i could do the things i like to do and not feel like shit i miss being on top of the world. i'm probably not gonna do it because i do remember how fucking horrible it was feeling so much all the time like that but god i miss the good parts. hope anyone can relate to this lol
rant went manic, got taken off of an antidepressant and put back on an antipsychotic a few weeks ago, and was subsequently in a depressive slump. so i slacked off and didn't do any of my coursework then last week seemed to get better. i was still procrastinating but managed to get some work done. was feeling really stable. able to get back on top of hobbies like cooking baking and reading. disordered eating was getting back in check i was bingeing for the month before . made time to watch a bunch of movies. the academic quarter is ending next week. i'm feeling better so naturally i decide to catch up on the coursework i missed. it's a shit ton of work so for the past few days i've been getting something like 5 hours of sleep. well i guess the stress and the lack of sleep is enough to send me manic again despite being on risperdal. fuck this. i miss the euphoric, godlike, powerful mania. i just can't sleep and can't focus. when i wasn't getting sleep for the past few days i was fucking exhausted the whole time and now i feel wired as hell. i hate this brain
new here, and new diagnosis hello reddit, i just got diagnosed with cyclothymia, and i have adhd. and have been medicated for two days. i struggled astronomically in the past, and even now. ive cycled through many abusibe realtionships, addictions, suicidial tendencies among others. i feel really good figuring out that there's a word that describes people like me, or just me in general. however, i sort of am scared about my new diagnosis, and i'm still very very afraid of the stigma attached to it. i'm also afraid of telling people if it were to ever come up, or why i don't drink late at night anymore, or why i'm not fun. it has been super disruptive of my ability to make and keep friends, often i find that i seperate myself from those around me. i am also a mom of a beautiful little girl, and i am terrified people won't think i can be a mom, or something worse will happen yay, paranoia . if anyone has ideas or things that have helped them cope or manage, or just want to share your story i'd be really happy to chat. i am also being treated for adhd as well
hypomania mania doubt does anyone ever feel like their hypomania or mania isn t that bad, when in reality it is? i m always questioning my diagnosis because i feel like my mania isn t even half as bad as some things i read. or not even close to what is portrayed on tv shows or movies. recently it s been getting worse, as i ve had strong urges to do really risky stuff. for example, i had such an urge to climb up the stairs and stand and lean over the railing where a kid jumped off. and i was gonna do it to get rid of the feeling, but then i was scared that i would continue to lean and lean until i got the urge to jump off. same thing happened when i crossed a bridge except i did end up leaning into it. but before this episode, my mania was only feeling really confident, or believing i had superpowers, or paranoia that everyone was looking at me, and my irritation was really bad. like i was screaming at my computer today. just wanna know if anyone also thinks their not bipolar because their mania isn t even half as bad as they read some peoples experiences
how do i ask for forgiveness? i m34 had been treating what i thought was just depression for years. i had a long hypomania then crashed into depression hard. i got paranoid and delusional and asked some hurtful questions to my girlfriend at the time. she was really hurt and iced me out. i spiraled and was suicidal. i was coherent just enough and i made an emergency doctor appointment and was diagnosed bipolar. she ended up talking to me 5 days later. i tried to explain the diagnosis. she left me officially. its been 3 weeks and i finaly am starting to feel stable. i don't know how to explain or ask for forgiveness. i can't make her take me back. i just wish there was a way to express that it wasn't really me. it doenst feel like it was me. i feel sick that i hurt her and in my right mind would have never done that. i am trying so hard to be well, but how do i show her? i am desperately in love with her. i am at a loss. maybe i can't. if i can't, how can i go on knowing that any setback in treatment can ruin everything and drive everyone away in seconds?
i keep convincing myself that i don't have bipolar. hi reddit. to preface, i'm 21, got diagnosed with bp1 in november of 2017, have been medicated since february 2018, and started going to a talk therapist last june. despite having experienced detrimental manic episodes within the past year severing relationships, abruptly quitting a job i needed, etc i can't help but think that i don't actually have bipolar. it's probably because the meds are working and helping, but regardless of that fact i can't shake it and start to convince myself that i don't really need them. in therapy i've learned a bunch about my habits and childhood issues, but we don't really discuss things through the lens of having bipolar specifically. my mind keeps coming to the conclusion that all of my actions in the past have come from a sound mind, and that i'm using mental illness as a scapegoat of some sort.. or something. sorry. this is a rambling post. but does anyone else struggle with this or something similar? tl dr i have bipolar but keep thinking that i don't, wat do now
people who have pets and live alone, how do you manage things if you get hospitalized? i was recently diagnosed with bp1, i'm 19 years old. thankfully so far i've never been hospitalized, but sadly it's probably in the cards for me like many of you here. i'm currently living at my mother's home but will most likely move out this summer due to re entering college, and i'll bring my cat with me. i can't see myself leaving him behind. i'll also have my mouse if the little fella is still alive by then. i just have one question. in case you have to be hospitalized since even on medication bp is still pretty unpredictable , what solution do you take for your pets? i wouldn't be able to get my family to care for them because the university i've applied to is 240km away from my closest relatives, and i don't trust friends because my mum and i had a bad experience with one of her friends who said she was going to pet sit, but ended up leaving the cats alone. i'm also not a really social person and i don't like the idea of using people as a means to an end lol
manic psychotic crisis for first time hi, i'm a 21 year old, recently i was diagnosed with bd type 1, due to a manic psychotic crisis, the truth is that i lost my common sense, i had delusions i behaved in a way that now embarrasses me a lot. the crisis was in the university, it lasted about 1 week being the last days a strong psychosis, because of this i lost several relationships, people who think i'm crazy or i can be dangerous. i was hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital, and there i was able to stabilize myself after a lot of medication, why talk about side effects and how bad they feel. i broke my gf and the truth all this takes me very sudden, i have never had depression or any similar episode, in fact i practice a lot of sport and i lead a normal life . now i feel very lonely and misunderstood, i hope that this bad moment ends, i miss my life before the crisis. do you have any experience with psychosis?, how do you deal with bipolar disorder?. i would like to know about your experiences with this disorder and how to face it thanks you
bipolar disorder and incurable stds hi, i hope this is allowed here. wasn't sure if i should post it here or somewhere else. it's kinda really hard to post this. so, i have bipolar mania. i haven't received treatment for it in years. i would love to eventually get treatment. i also am pretty sure i have an incurable std. not asking for any diagnoses or anything. is it okay to ask if anybody else does too? i have this very strong feeling i'm not good enough to have friends or relationships because of all these things. ie to keep people safe away from me no one wants to be around someone like that probably. this makes it easier when i'm having a depressive episode to push everyone away without thinking i'm doing so. i feel like just the thought makes my depressive episodes worse. does anybody else feel this way? how do they get through feeling this way? i'm constantly trying to convince myself that i still deserve to have a good happy life and people that love me. would you be friends with someone if you knew that they had an incurable disease?
when is it ok to tell someone about a psych ward visit if at all? whenever i meet someone new i always wonder when it s appropriate if at all to tell them what i m going through. only because it is such a big life event and applies to my current position. example i ve been out of work now for 3 months this was after a psych ward visit for 2 weeks and just help my family out and take time for myself time to get back to work but still nervous to . so i m talking to this guy whenever he asks me what i m up to or do i have any plans for the day or the next day you get what i mean i only have so many things to say you know. finally i just responded yesterday with yep not really much planned and ugh i kinda just want to tell him about the psych visit so he can see where i m coming from and not like i just never have anything to do. thoughts? anyone else with similar experience? when is it appropriate if at all to explain this to someone. i m passed the idea that they will think i m crazy or different or judge me i guess but still worried about it.
as my gujurati jain friend wants scientists to investigate this would taking any nootropics induce ocd intrusive thoughts, intrusive photographic visual images and how to get rid of them? if someone can help out my friend i would appreciate it his weight is 180 pounds, he is gujarati indian , he is 5 foot 11, he can certain nootropics induce ocd euphoric intrusive unwanted thoughts during years of development?please look at the nootropics below he took andhe is trying to find a curei took all of these in seperate order. he never took them all at once ..he took the following but not in order. he suspects prl 8 53 induced it or ganja, piracetam, lexapro, modafinil, tianeptine, aniracetam,phenylpiracetam, oxiracetam, shankhpushpi, noopept, semax, selank, colouracetam. ashwaghanda, deprenyl, weed, alcohol, cdp choline, vinpocetene, forkolin, cordecyps mushroom,gotu kola, magneisum l theronate, mucuna pruiens extract, 5htp, n acetyl cystine prl 8 53, reishi powder, theacrine, vitamin d 3, 7 8 dihydroxyflavone, nicotine solution, and sulbatimine.
sigh i have a pretty good life. i'm married to my amazing husband, i have a wonderful daughter and i've been at my job for a long time over 15 years . so why is it that i am always looking for something bad to happen? i feel i don't deserve the good i have so when is the bad going to happen? is this a symptom of my bipolar? it seems to be the one symptom my meds cannot control. every day i worry my husband will wake up and see i'm not as wonderful as he says he is, or my daughter will just hate me, or my boss will fire me or even my pets won't want anything to do with me. why can't i just accept all i have and not look for things that are, or make things, wrong? when i get like this i start fights so that i can say see bad things are happening . how lame is that?? is this normal? lots of things make me happy but the happiness is always replaced with fears of something going wrong and this makes me feel so guilty. i'm not looking for happiness. i have it. i'm looking for something to be wrong so things feel normal inside my head. lt sigh gt
hypomania of spring,anyone? as temperatures are not so cold...with minor routine and daylight changes, this year i see my annual spring summer hypomania craze coming soon. anybody else? so far i am angry at everyone i hate everyone. i think they are morons. only i am right. i do my best not to insult anyone. i am sleeping 4 5 hours instead of typical 8 i just purchased 300 bucks of stuff from amazon and an online drawing course because i want to retake drawing and then maybe start playing the guitar again edit how i am handling it. i realize that i shouldnt just write about getting in the hole. take my medication. if it gets worse then i will go to my doctor before the next checkup exercise kickboxing . do my best to keep my mouth shut at work think things through there are better and worse people than i am. it is ok for everyone not to like me. i must be patient and grateful i have a job im still working on sleep get my salary, move 75 percent of it to another account so i dont see it on my checking account. cook at home and do meal prep
help connecting with a friend kindly direct me elsewhere if this is not an appropriate space to ask questions. i have a buddy of five years that our friend group and i are struggling to connect with. they are bipolar2, so they have their ups and downs over time. all around we enjoy their company, they're a lot of fun to hang with, but this past year they've become kind of withdrawn and even aggressive. they'll stress that they haven't spent time with anyone in a while, but when we make plans they will either insist we have to do it some other time without even giving when they are available! or complain when they do spend time with us. i worry a lot about how much they've withdrawn, i think it's taking a negative affect on their health, however i've become frustrated with how they've been treating my friends and i. i want to be mindful in approaching this, and supportive. wondering how to help them get out more, and perhaps also discuss how their communication has become off putting and discouraging. any advice or insight is appreciated
i've been wondering about having bipolar for a while. so i've been at a psychiatrist for about a year now and been diagnosed with depression and ad h d the psychiatrist used them quite interchangeably . i've been taking ssri medications for a while now. but sometimes when i would go for a scheduled appointment, i didn't feel depressed at all, then a couple of days later i would be back in depression. now my depression feels completely cured. i haven't been able to see any effects of it for over two weeks, i even didn't take antidepressants for a week i know i really shouldn't have done it and i started taking them again and nothing happened. this took me by complete surprise, since nothing in my life has changed during this time. i have been considering the possibility of a longer hypomanic episode, but i don't what bipolar is like. i sleep very poorly so i can't comment on the reduced need of sleep that is associated with mania. i will talk about this at my next appointment but would really appreciate input from people with bipolar.
sertraline wired and low at the same time i m on sertraline. i started the transition from citalopram at the start of december. when i saw the psych at that time i was all over the place between up and bouncing around too fast after a small depression blip. i m on 100mg now and have been for 9 days. i m not feeling any better. just before the increase i was very nearly in crisis low hence the increase. now i m struggling to get as good quality sleep. i wake up a lot and feel wired way past the time that i usually go to bed at. so i m down a few hours in my sleep. i keep getting the failure thoughts and accompanying low thoughts. everything feels far away, like not really real. like loving behind a smoke screen. everything is dull and there s no enjoyment to be had from anything. it s all just motions. has anyone else had these experiences with sertraline? will it pass? i m also on quetiapine xl 300mg. this has been helpful for levelling me out but i need an antidepressant too. bp2 thanks. that turned out a bit long. sorry about that.
lifeless mode advice appreciated hi. i just want to say, thank god for meds that have made me come down from manic episodes of sexapades and erarrtic behaviors of last few years ..adgitation, running away etc. bipolar meds help. i'm feeling good and stable now. this year has been fine. but i've just litterally been in my bed, listening to talk radio, on my phone , smoking my vape pen, hardly getting out . i'm not depressed. i went through a depression last year and got through that with the right medication, and now i feel just a static of nothingness. i just don't do anything at all. i have no motivation to leave my room. it's weird. not even shop or goto the beach, listen to music. has this happend to anyone ? how long does this funk last for? how can i get out of it? i turn on my music but i just turn it back off and want to crawl back in bed. i'm not at all sad. just unmotivated to do anything but sit and lay around. it's the weirdest thing. it's been going on for a few months. any advice would be helpful. thank you for reading.
lithium poisoning after fasting???? okay so i m 23 and i ve been on lithium for 2 years now. i had lithium toxicity last year after a manic episode i have bipolar 1 my psychiatrist at the time did not take into account my very small body weight 80 pounds, and increased my lithium to a toxic amount. within 3 days of being on the high dose of lithium i was hospitalized with lithium poisoning. i did not even realize i had lithium poisoning. i developed a tremor and had an urgency to urinate but that was it. no other symptoms. since then i have been very careful with lithium. however i just ended a fast of 5 days. i had been taking my lithium 300 mg twice a day like directed with no issues. last night i took my 2nd dose for the day and got sick a few hours later. i feel very odd i guess?? i feel nauseous and i have a slight tremor. could it be lithium poisoning??! any other symptoms i should watch out for??? how long do i have until this is serious, serious??? should i just go by and get my levels checked just in case??? any advice???
need support lol okay so i was a freshman in college this year, and i made it until about a month ago before i had to withdraw since my mental health was awful drinking myself to sleep every night, going out alone at 2am, not being able to get up and go to class, stuff like that . i miss my friends so much but i do feel better now that i m home and don t have to stress about financial stuff things i worked as much as i could but got burnt out from doing work and school at the same time as pathetic as that sounds, i just couldn t afford my meds for a while . i don t know what i m talking about and i m sorry but i think i m manic right now, i m so tired and took a lot of sleep stuff but it s not working i feel like i can run a marathon lmao. i also managed to convince myself again that no one loves me and that i m an awful person but honestly? i don t think i ve really done anything that bad my mind is just racing and i feel like i m gonna freak myself out into having a panic attack i m sorry if this is annoying i feel so annoying
300mg lithium enough for bpii maintenance? my doctor started me on 300mg day in 2015, and in 2016 increased to 600mg at my request. it was my first time getting treatment for bp specifically, and it helped me get to the stable place i am at now. however, i am suffering side effects related to lithium weight gain, acne, diarrhea, memory focus issues, dry skin, drowsiness slugishness and want to reduce my dose back to 300mg. i am now taking 400mg lamotrigine, so i feel like that should be stable. however, i can't find much research on levels that low. i'm meeting with my doctor next week, but in the meantime just reduced it and feeling more alive. i asked my partner and a friend to let me know if it seems like i am starting to get hypomanic. i hope that this can be stable, because it feels nice to lose the bogged down feeling. i want to be vigilant about distinguishing the feeling of a good mood from hypomania. does anyone have experience with low dose lithium and or cultivating self awareness about good stable moods vs hypomania?
does anyone have a good diet they follow that seems to help symptoms? i'm bipolar 2 and have just been diagnosed prediabetic thank you seroquel! . i have an exercise plan, but i was trying to a modified mediterranean diet, basically about 50 of veggies, some chicken amp fish, a tiny bit of whole grains not daily , tiny bit of hard cheese and yogurt. light on grains because of the prediabetes. well, damn if i didn't start having low level symptoms. can't fall asleep at night without extra seroquel. snappier with my child than i want to be, and for no real reason, leaving doors open, windows down, losing things. low level stuff, but signs that more is coming if i can't nip it in the bud. i started thinking about it and realized that my first real hypomanic episode happened after i decided to eat nothing but fruits amp veggies for a month. two weeks in amp things went bad. does anybody have a diet they follow specifically for bpd? is there any research on this? i never thought i'd be worried i was eating too many vegetables.
considering dropping out of uni again 21f i've already dropped out of uni once before because it makes my episodes so much worse ig. first time i dropped out it was because of a depressive episode in which i severely self harmed and almost had another suicide attempt and was hospitalised again. now i've been trying really hard w new meds and everything to be at least somewhat consistent w uni work and yet i had another self harm relapse and i had a hypomanic episode in which i did everything but uni work and now exams have come up again and i'm just going to fail them. the guilt of all of my uni work going to shit bc of this really makes me want to just end myself because it just makes me feel like such a failure and weakling for giving in to the disorder or whatever. i just feel like i'm wasting everyones time with deluding myself that i can finish uni like this. i don't really know what to do with myself anymore. also uni in my country doesn't have any kind of proper health leave or break system. or a school therapist .
slowly getting worse, idk what to do sorry if this is the wrong place to post this, i just need advice on what to do, my mental health is rapidly declining even with medication, most likely due to the severe toxic environment relationship i'm in with my partner. i'm 26 and i dont know how to leave we are on a lease together or where to go. my parents live in town and say i can come live with them again but they are toxic in their own way, as much as i love them. i dont have any close friends who i could get a place with and i'm pretty much broke, even though i'm on disability for mental health reasons. i wouldn't be able to afford my own place unless i went the sect 8 route, which i dont think i can due to the waiting list in my area being over a 2 year wait. i've spoken to my therapist about all this and she never really has any solid advice other than you have to do what's best for you and i'm at the end of my fucking rope i just need some direction on what to do, anything would be helpful. i'm trying my best but damn.
i m too tired i am tired of my mental health and doctors visit is and therapy and meds. i hate being stressed out working 14 hours in a stressful job and working my weekends . i m tired feeling like a failure. i m tired of feeling invcovoe to feeling nothing. i m tired of having memeroeiw come back of my spouse hitting me and belittling me. i m tired of fearing a horrible manic episode ruining my life. i hate feeling like some kind of whore. i hate the things i did with my body with others when i wanted help. i hate that i only seem to be out of breath trying to run to just get by. i feel like i cannot get out of a cycle. and after trying to take my life at various times, it starts feeling more like not that big of deal to just try again. i feel so confused and upset that i have lived in such a closeted way. and when i try to hide all about my sexuality, it is like people can just smell it off me and sometimes just seem to prey on it and come after me for it. i m exhausted. too exhausted and tired of so many things.
staying positive? hi everyone! so this week i'm going to be starting my period, i struggle with bp2 along with really bad mood swings and emotional dysregulation about a week before my period starts. i'm talking i go from perfectly fine to wanting to hurt myself and ruin my relationships. i have no idea how it's going to go, but things are going really well with someone i'm interested in. but with my period starting soon i can already see and have already started freaking out because he was acting distant, he later told me he was spending time with a friend. that calmed me down because it explained the distance , but i tend to over react while suffering with the mood swings, etc . i don't want it to ruin how well things are going, but i can feel the paranoia setting in again. do you guys have any advice on how to battle paranoia and overthinking? i do positive affirmations when i wake up and go to bed, they help but i'm looking for some more ways to prevent overthinking and paranoia surrounding my relationships.
struggling i never wanted to be a mother nor had planned on having kids. i raised two of my sister kids when they were teenagers and until they left home. my sister whom is also bipolar got pregnant again and i ended up adopting my son. he is now 5 and an amazing kid who has adhd but what kid doesn t nowadays? he is so happy and a beautiful soul but i m a terrible mother. i am currently depressed and going through a mixed episode and know for a fact i m affecting him with my low mood. he asked me today are you mad at me mommy? it broke my heart because i know he knows something is wrong. unfortunately my husband is deployed and he isn t here to help me. my parents and siblings are no help. i just have to push through this but deep down inside i regret adopting him because he would ve been better off with someone else. i feel like i m living this big lie and i just want to disappear inside myself and die. i feel like a terrible burden and it kills me that i brought him in my life and my bipolar is effecting him.
is it bipolar so here s the deal. i m grappling with the variation of depression anxiety to elation and feeling great. i ve pinpointed that it s about a 6 7 month cycle and i figured i d put it out here to see if anybody else has similar stories situations. for the last 5 years i ve had 6 7 months straight of feeling depressed, high anxiety, suicidal thoughts with plans , isolation, and a general urge to just shut myself off from the world. one time i went without talking to my parents for like 6 months. then all of a sudden i ll wake up elated and happy and it ll last for about 4 months. then the cycle starts again. right now i feel the depression starting back up. there was a trigger to my depression this time around but it s really suck for the last few days, making me afraid i m heading into another cycle. i m so tired of it. and i m in a position where i can t get professional help. so i can t figure out if this is a depression thing, suicide thing, or bipolar thing. any input would be appreciated. thanks.
lithium and loss of identity i was diagnosed with bipolar 2 just about two years ago now and have been on lithium since. i started at i think 600, then 900 after a few weeks, then 1050 a few months later and finally 1200 after my counts didn't come back after a rough bout of serotonin syndrome a year and a half ago. the changes were so slow that i didn't notice them until i went back and read posts i had made at the time. i've never really interacted with other bipolar people so i don't have much frame of reference, and i've been worrying lately that i might just be different now and i don't notice it from either the lithium or the serotonin syndrome . it feels like the kind of thing that's impossible to know. i can't remember who i was six months ago, much less two years. i've had the intrusive thought of stop taking your meds they're bad for you and you don't like swallowing them and was hoping to reach out for some commentary one way or the other. i hope this makes sense sounds familiar to someone at least.
did everyone else get strip searched when they were sent to the mental hospital? or went voluntarily ig. i didn t. i felt like i was treated like a criminal i felt so violated. i wasn t overweight i was fit at the time but it still felt so degrading. i remember liking how i looked as i took off my clothes and stood there. they just got all giggly and excited and said ooh a blonde! . after i literally hated my body i felt like it took everything sexual away from my body sorry tmi. i didn t eat for 3 days after then binged on the worst hospital food. i wish i said no. it literally affected me a lot more than it should have but it was a week after i turned 18 so like it just felt weird to me. the age isn t important it can feel weird to anyone idk im being salty. idk it s another late night and i can t stop thinking about the mental hospital again even tho i was there almost a year ago . i think about it less now tho which is good. sorry i sound soooo grouchy i think everyone had to go thru this as well. right?
hypomania and hypersexuality bit of a controversial confession so ask me anything... im female in my 30's, married, with children. home and business owner. i have been with my husband a good decade long and have been married a couple of years. i struggle with bipolar affective disorder type 2 with ultra rapid cycling. i get depressive low periods. i also get hypomanic, and when i do, i get extreme hypersexual symptoms that i act on, as i haven't found a means to curb the extreme intensity of it yet. i've had a few extra curricular affairs. but i have also been having an affair with my ex boyfriend that has lasted years. due to my condition i am a bit of a flake. when i'm hypomanic i feel like can't breathe without him, the inner most part of my soul craves him. but when i'm depressive i don't want a bar of him. my husband has no idea about who i really am or what i'm really like. anyone else been in a similar situation? i live in 2 different worlds. and yes i am medicated. lamotrigine sertraline quetiapine
im cycling too fast maybe i just have a personality disorder not because that would be worse but because they say it's harder to treat i used to have a lot of faith in psychiatrists. fear, almost, about how much they'd know about me just by seeing me and talking to me. but they don't know shit. they just know about different variations of crazy in their most extreme and or delineated manifestations and anything more complicated than that is just conjecture on the topic of rapid cycling. they don't seem to know anything. it is said to be rare but you talk to patients and so many of them say they rapid cycle all over the place. how common is it actually? whatever. i'm so depressed. after feeling so so good. that's 2 distinct episodes already this year if we're talking in bipolar terms. i can't be this person. do i go back to the ward if this gets as bad as it got in december? it did not help whatsoever. i'm just talking to myself at this point, rhetorical. thanks for reading, i guess i could use some support
depression, bipolar 2,crohns, adhd, half deaf and autism i dont know.... iknow that you are not supposed to be your diagnoses and that they are part of you in some way. i have gotten all of these diagnoses one after another , i barely made it in to university and after 2 years with only 3 years left of my teachers edc i got worse and i cant work but i have to otherwise i will starve and freeze to death. i have no idea how to get help... i have been to the hospital and all of that but the other thing triggers the other and i really dont know.... the doctors says that i dont seem to sick and that i have a very broad understanding of my situation but i feel like giving up. im so lonley you guys and im happy that we are lonley togheter ... i should feel more greatful about the free healthcare here tho so i dont know... so many thoughts and energy but im hungry but i had to puke and my stomache hurts.. feels like that my body gave up and that my sane insane side is having the worst fight in my head aswell ....
been diagnosed for about three months now and had a few questions... hi, i had a recent diagnosis of bipolar manic depressive disorder after an episode of psychosis in the summer time. i am just a little confused on my diagnosis. you see i've been super depressed for a really long time and aside from last year i became manic and then had psychosis i haven't really had any up high feelings of mood aside from again the one last year. my psychiatrist said he's 75 certain that i have bipolar so i'll take his word for it but i'm just a little confused. so i guess my questions are is it common to have the majority of your mood with bipolar be depression? is it common to have long periods of depression with bipolar and short infrequent bouts of mania? when is it common to start exhibiting signs that your bipolar when you haven't been diagnosed at a young age? sorry if the questions are kind of stupid, i just want to start some conversations about my new found mental illness and learn some things. thanks friends.
question about seroquel hi everyone. i'm not sure if there is a better place to ask this. i'm not bipolar but i am prescribed seroquel which i know is common for bipolar so maybe someone here has some advice or info i am on 150mg day of seroquel. been on that dose i believe for about 8 months. i was also in a car crash around the same time i started on this dose, prior to that i was taking 25mg every few days for sleep. i've noticed since then that i am having awful muscle aches and pains. i noticed it in my back first and got physio thinking it was from the car accident which wasn't a bad accident but i didn't know what else it could be . the physio helped some but i'm noticing other muscles are hurting a lot, every day. my right arm will get numbness a fair amount and extreme pain. i'll also have random areas eg. lower leg that will start hurting for a day then go away. is this common? could it be the seroquel? i want to come off it but not sure how fast i can do so. any help would be very appreciated!
why does my brain know when to be depressed manic? why does my brain know when to be depressed manic? typically i cycle over the course of a few days at most but my psych increased my lamictal so i stopped getting depressed as often and don't really have mood issues unless i get stressed or take caffeine or something. i've been burning the candle on both ends recently and i have had frequent, and almost constant but relatively mild bursts of energy, with only mild dips into normal or depression. but i decided to actually get some sleep for once and now the depressive ends are hitting me really hard and the high ends are just me being normal instead of energetic. usually i cycle over the course of a day, and i am wondering how my brain can remember that so many manic bursts happened last week. like, is there some part of the brain that counts all my episodes and tells the other parts to be depressed? i guess i'm looking for a more brain psychology answer, not like an analysis of my behavior or anything.
horribly stuck about six years ago i moved back home to take care of my mom with dementia. i was the best chose because i was on disability and had been stable on medication and off probation for a couple of years. the first couple of years weren't so bad she still talked and could walk on her own. i was there to make sure she had lunch took her pills and didn't wander off. now she's bedridden dosent talk and it's and a struggle to eat. i take two mood stablers and two atypical antipsychotics plus a benzo. i still stuck in painful mixed state. i've have two short hospital stays in the last 9 months. i don't know what to do i promised my stepdad i would see it though with mom but every day just seams to adds more agitation. i feel like someone is pouring molten lead down my throat. i hate breaking my word. my step dad has a little more than a year before he can retire. my meds keep me out of full mania but the mix state aggravated by stress is really starting to get to me but i can't let my family down.
got prescribed lamotrigine 50 mg? not sure what its doing pretty went to the psychiatrist early december of last year, and they give me 2 different kinds of medication, neither seem to be helping. i mean i don't get super mad albeit temper was an issue but maybe the police coming kinda made me see sense in getting to upset but still need to sometimes walk out the room and chill out. i don't really feel any different other than real tired and hungry? they said it would help with my lack of motivation and drive. the other medication helps with serotonin levels but again didn't feel anything. my mood is real shitty only with my girlfriend soon to be wife, i'll berate her with my rants and angry issues for no reason? any advice? found out i have severe depression and a real lack of motivation and drive, my mom suffers from bipolar so the doctors assume i have it. pretty much just wondering if their is other medication or if i need to up my dose or anything of the soft and advice would be amazing, thanks
mania w o meds for the past week and a half i haven t been able to relax, every time i try my mind races i become tense and i need to leave. i need to go out party, meet new people, see something new! i m going to go on a bender. it starts with beer at a friends on a friday night. then a night out at the bar. then i m begging people to drink with me on a tuesday, because monday wasn t enough. i need more. so i disappear. no replying. no trace. the only think i m using my phone for is to call people i shouldn t and ask for things i shouldn t have. and then.. i m driving down the highway, it s beautiful and sunny . but i haven t blinked in so long. my jaw hurts. there s mysterious bruises on me. i don t know where i m going but there s no way i m going back. because he doesn t love me, no one does, i m a piece of shit and they know it. my dad knew it, same with my mom. my friend hands me a pill and it makes me feel again. screaming crying outside my house. i don t want to go in. i m so fucking a lone.
side effects medicine advice. first i want to be honest, as far as i know i am not bipolar. but, i am epileptic and we take a lot of the same medicine. so i am asking you guys, because i can t seem to get any useful advice elsewhere. i take, divalproex 500mg, and i feel like complete crap while on it, and weak and and tired, and depressed most of the time, mood swings, i don t hardly eat. i also have still have seizure while on this medicine. i won t have health insurance through work for another 2 months. i don t know whether i should keep taking it or wait till i talk to a neurologist. they can t seem to figure out what the source of my episodes are, i ve don t many test. this is my second medicine. the first one levetiracetam 500mg it didn t seem to help either, i was very depressed and suicidal on that one. i m just terrified i m going to keep having episodes. any advice would help. stop taking my current medicine, and wait, or continue and tuff it out. thanks in advance, i really appreciate it
i was wondering if you also find it impossible to make difficult decisions? i've been pondering the question of what's next for almost 2 years now, and i can't make the decision. the country where i now live was always a temporary destination but due to covid i was forced to stay longer than expected. now i feel like i'm stuck here. it's been 4 years here, 2 years longer than anticipated, and i don't know what to do. whatever choice i make, it's a big life choice that due to my financial situation locks me in to that choice for a few years. simply said i don't trust my decisions. when i finally pin something down i ask myself is this decision made by a sane mind or am i in some state of either mania or depression . but because it's so difficult to figure out i end up doing nothing. this has been going on for 2 years now and i'm not sure what to do. do you have any experience with this, and how do you make big decisions? is there a way to minimise the risks of a bad decision because of the disease?
my brother is having a manic episode, i'm flying over tomorrow so i can bring him back to america. how should i approach this? my brother is vacationing in a south asian country for a month with his wife but he's manic and it's hurting relationships with not only his wife but other relatives. my uncle passed away thursday, and he had a traumatic heartbreak which what probably heightened his mania some more. he even beat his my nephew same age as me out of anger, and then apologized but went back to physical violence. i am really scared, that he would go to violence, he's a sweet nerdy guy who would never hurt anything, which has surprised and stressed me out. i just bought the plane ticket just now. i want to bring him over to america, have him change his return flight from april 30 to earliest possible so he can see his psychiatrist. how should i approach him about this? he has the exact same symptoms as listed here , so its specific to bipolar https www.verywellmind.com symptoms of mania 380311
i think this might be mania again and i'm scared i've been very stable for the last months and i'm on my medication but in the past few days i've been sleeping for 2 3 hours per night and even though it's not time enough to guarantee i'm having a manic episode i'm sure that it's not normal. this just can't be normal. i keep feeling a weird rush, my heart is racing all the time and i'm breathing fast even when i'm laying down. my head hurts a lot but when i drink coke it stops. today at my spanish class i thought my book was an ipad and started touching as if there were buttons and i was hearing the professor talking in french. i can barely talk coherently because there's too much in my mind and i forget things almost immediately. i've been studying obsessively lately to distract myself from how miserable my current life is and well it's been working so far but i also feel like i'm developing dementia as if my brain is not capable of storing so much information. holy shit this must be mania again.
getting a bit high... escalating quickly so my psychiatrist put me on lamictal first, then added seroplex ssri about two weeks ago. and two days ago, i finally started getting better. like a lot, lot better. and i feel i'm getting higher and higher as the days pass. today i'm missing work because all i want to do is to see some friends and climb a building. i wanted to watch a tv show but i can't since i just wanna dance and sing and do something. all my apartment's completely clean much thank's to high me so there's no much to do here. i feel like my chest is heavy as shit, my arms and my legs need to move. i've been getting no more than 4 hours of sleep last days. i felt great... now i feel just awesome. and i just can't get out of my head i should buy anything i think of, like this tv which is around 2000 while i have an income of barely half that. it feels right and the right time. don't know what to do. but guess what, i'm gonna climb a building. no worry, pretty safe though. edit by gt buy
buspar and hypo mania? my pdoc had me try buspar for anxiety last week. within 2 days of starting it, at a low dose 5mg 3x a day , i was the most euphoric i've ever been. i was skipping instead of walking, i couldn't stay on topic at all my friend described me as being squirrely, i threw stuff at another friend for 2 hours, i went walking in the river off campus, i was so euphoric it was like a body high, i talked about sexual stuff a lot. i went to class, but scribbled entire pages of my notebook so i wouldn't start doing jumping jacks in class. this was all in a 24 hour time period. needless to say, i talked to my pdoc and went off it within a day of these symptoms starting. i came down over a couple days and was pretty depressed for a couple days. what i'm wondering is whether any of y'all have had this side effect from buspar. it's not listed on the pi sheet, but there are a couple case reports in journals. before i started it, my pdoc told me that mania was pretty unlikely from it...
coming off seroquel okay so around this time last year i went on seroquel ir due to unable to sleep and depressive symptoms. that shit rocked me and i couldn t handle being a zombie 16 hours a day. so i switched to xr a couple months later. well jump to now i want to come off it. one i think the depressive symptoms are mainly gone. i just can t handle the side effects any more. the constant hunger that can t be ignored, so hard to wake up at in the am ect. i know this is bad but i stopped taking it for a few days because of hypomanic episode and it wasn t the episode but not being on it that made me feel so much fucking better. like i could breathe. i m still on lamotrigine and want to go up more since my mood has been a little whacky so i m obviously not on nothing. but have people gone off seroquel after a bad depressive episode and was your psych on board or did they make you switch meds? did you just fall back into a depression? please just let me know any of your stories. thanks all
always out of pto because of this stupid disorder i get great benefits at my job, including paid time off that accrues every pay period, so in theory i should be able to bank quite a bit of it. unfortunately i've already used almost all of my pto because of a surgery and a major depressive episode, plus days when i can't leave the house to go to work. i had to leave work today and i feel like shit about it, i know i'm probably going to have to make it up next week, and that stresses me the fuck out. most people i work with never take their pto, never seem to have a sick day. i try really hard to be a good employee but my absenteeism can't be good. my management is super understanding and supportive but i still feel like shit about it. it's not a super important job in the scheme of things so it's not like i'm really hurting my workplace by taking time off, but i really want to keep this job for a while. i hate that i'm always anxious that this time will be the time they finally fire me.
forgive! and forget? i don't often let people do unforgivable things and get away with it. at 37 and bp1 it's just easier to let those bridges burn. occasionally though there are those few people in my life that rarely if ever hurt me, but it has happened recently. after multiple conversations with said person we have decided to move past it amicably. it's important to me that this person remains in my support circle. anyway, i have forgiven them without problem. i'm a pretty open person and people fuck up. it's life. it's how we recover from it. well... i can't seem to forget it. i'm having trust issues and generally feel not so great when i'm around them. like a bad energy kinda feel bad. the last few days i've had this overwhelming sense of dread. i don't know. does anyone else experience such issues and if so how have you dealt with them? oh yeah on top of everything i've been rapid cycling daily within a mixed episode for a few weeks. it's starting to wear on me more than i'd like.
i still keep second guessing my bipolar m24 basically i was diagnosed with biploar almost a year ago and im still reluctant to believe my disorder. my family is very abusive and call me fake and dismiss whatever i might have as lazy or im just stupid. my father has not talked to me since my diagnosis. i recently dumped most of my lithium and bupropion out because the medication makes me feel unwell or it. i hope they are right and im somehow just lying to myself or hearing only what i want to hear. my brother is an epileptic and is employed so they compare his illness to whatever mine is pretty often. they tell me hes way more deserving of treatment and care than me, which i can kind of understand. they all look at me with such shame and disappointment. i already dont like myself to begin with and i ve always felt like least favourite child. anyways im not sure what to do, move out once my lease is up? i really dont know how much longer i can keep this up. thank you for reading
i don't want to keep taking medicine, it's pointless. i've been taking medicine for the last 7 months, and i'm tired of it. i track my mood multiple times a day and it's pretty much just neutral all the time. i don't really think i need to take medicine, cause i feel like this is just my normal self that's having these neutral emotions. like, i don't feel empty or emotionless or anything like that, i just feel generally peppy all the time. but, i'm afraid that if i do actually quit taking my medicine then something bad will happen and i'll ruin my life at the ripe old age of 21. i also keep having the thoughts of quitting my medicine so i can drink again even though i haven't drank since last may. so, how do you know if you actually need mood stabilizers or if it's your normal self that's having stable moods on its own. i don't even feel like the same person i was last summer before i started taking my medicine, but i also think i was relatively normal before that summer also.
mania a memoir a short shitty one i wrote something i have no where to share. was my lowest drinking cheap wine on a toilet seat at mid day in a sprawling westfield shopping outlet, having my stomach and veins flushed for the third time in one year? or forgetting i had sex with my best friend after my court date for a shattered window. in a million little pieces. you might assume it was. it wasn't. truth is this is medication, because without this. i'm fine in the sense that i feel. i feel everything, i feel everything. life is like day time television and it hurts me with its monotony. my brain is too fast, the world is too slow. i am too arrogant the world is too humble. atleast i'm self aware, my addictions are my angels and my devil's. they save me every time and yet darling they push me closer and closer to the edge. the edge is always there. hi my name is sophie and i have manic depression. i swear you might disregard what i say, but i know it has value. i want to live.
finally employed again, and as a result, severely depressed again i guess this is just what my life is going to be any little change and things just become hopeless, desperate, unbearable in my head. infrequently i get lucky and stress will catalyze a short upswing, but more often it's this. i was so happy to get this job. it felt like i was finally closing the chapter that landed me in the psych ward a few months ago. the start of my new life. but i feel destroyed, incapable of anything forget building a life, can i even keep an entry level job? can i perform the basic operations of said job without feeling the need to go to the bathroom and cry? my main takeaway is this for all the progress i make, sooner or later it gets taken away. my experience of cyclical mood disorder prevents upward trend, it's fluctuation in stasis. i project this into the future and don't see a life worth living. even if by some miracle i am able to build a life, i will feel the same ways about it.
now that i'm finally balancing out i'm terrified how much of my life has passed and how bad i screwed things up it's been a long road but i've finally begun to get some normalcy in my life. i really went down the tubes for a while, a long while, and i made a lot of decisions that have left my old life way in the past. i feel like i have a twin, old life me, who had the life i wanted to have. then it all fell to shit. then there's current me, the remaining other twin, who's life is, well, crap. i mean i'm a loser, not being down, i just am. the thing that really freaks me out though is when i look back so much time has passed, yet i feel stuck in cement, going nowhere. i had suicidal ideation for years, bad, and that's gone away lately. which is cool. i actually want to live again, only problem is i can't shake the horror of all the time that's passed and how bad i fucked everything up and how low i have sunk. anyone else deal with this? i'd love to hear any words of wisdom.
do your episodes result in physical health problems? i've been battling bipolar for about about 8 years and just recently diagnosed and medicated in the past year and a half. every episode i have results in my thyroid swelling up as a reaction to stress like so big the endocrinologist gasped when he saw it , i have a whole bunch of nodules on my thyroid and now instead of the thyroid swelling up, it's the nodules that are filling with fluid and swelling up....only when i'm at the end of an episode so i know it's due to stress and the endocrinologist agrees. i've also experienced sibo and i still do if i don't follow a strict diet, i became allergic to fragrance, coconut on skin, and aloe vera all out of nowhere, and my hair was falling out, this all happened when i was unmedicated, undiagnosed and extremely stressed out and my anxiety was through the roof. i'm just curious if anyone else has experienced extreme stress from these episodes that's resulted in other illnesses?
fucking thrilled with myself last year i royally fucked up my life. got my car repossessed. lost my apartment, thankfully eviction free. still have last months rent in collections. you can guess how that haunts me now. oh and i stopped going to school during my last semester of undergrad. i fully believed i could start a business with no job to sustain my income. only deliveries for various on demand services. yippee! got accepted to finish undergrad in the fall today. cool. but i can't escape the feeling of how much i fucked up and how i'm still struggling to get some things right. even though i'm correctly medicated now, i still keep fucking up. still doing delivery driving with different car. can't bring in enough to pay even the smallest of bills. i'm just trying to piece shit together one day at a time, but swear i'm one snarky reminder about a bill away from blowing up. 2018 is continually haunting me right now and i'm overwhelmed. just want to find a regular job...
when u guys are stable, how 'stable' is that? since i started taking meds 2year ago this last six months is where i consider myself truly stable, but i still get sometimes some ups and downs that i feel isnt 'normal' if u know what i mean so and sometimes i'm self aware of intrusive thoughts and i try to reason with myself somehow but my mood still is affected by it reading some stories shared here i started to wonder what 'stable' mean for each individual and how often do you feel stable but you think am i really? i think every person with bipolar eventually will ask questions about what is part of their personality and what is the disease for lack of better word and i often think about the past and wonder was it that truly myself? how bad i felt, how good, when i was depressed, when i felt awesome and thought i could have accomplished big things, when i felt that i didnt fit anywhere and nothing was worthing pursuing... thelist goes on share your thoughts with me people
had a terrifying episode last night drank 3 beers. decided that tonight was the night that i wanted to be confrontational with my partner. it escalated into me becoming fully psychotic. disassociating. walking into the water behind our house. losing my phone there. i'm afraid of who ive become. it's only been this bad about 2 times before. im consumed with guilt. i had two kids who heard me losing it. i'm devastated. anxious. my partner was able to calm me down towards the end. but at that point the doom was full throttle. the sinking. drowning. feeling incredibly out of place just by existing. woke up those morning feeling like i'd been hit by a train. my eyes were so sore and bloodshot from crying for hours on end. i don't know what to do anymore. .how do you come back from that? my kids do not know i'm bipolar but they are old enough i think to know 12 amp 14 ? i'm too ashamed to tell them. if anyone is in a similar place please feel free to share what keeps you going.
thought on being involuntarily held or medicated? so i myself had a very very rough start when i got diagnosed. it was lucky for me that my dad knew what to do and was able to convince me to get help in a very dangerous manic state. a few people close to me in the past few years have gotten mentally ill. with some success they manage to get to the hospital but there is nothing that can be done if they refuse to take medications. i have a friend who s in a psychosis state and is refusing medications. he s not functioning and no matter how often he s brought to the hospital he won t take the medications so he can t get better. i m wondering if you guys had any experience or any thoughts on whether being involuntarily medicated while your in a complete psychosis stat should be allowed. mostly just thinking and ranting. i just wish that there was more that i could do. because i was the same as him 5 years ago but i was able to be convinced to take my medication. thanks guys.
unable to hold a job for long so i m 30 and the longest i ve ever held a job was for 2 and a half years. when i was younger i didn t even know why i kept quitting my jobs but now i have a better idea. sometimes, during periods of mania i would just randomly say fuck it and quit a job. then during depressive periods i would get suicidal and lose all motivation and drive and then i would quit a job. then during other times i would quit my job in a fit of blind rage. i don t do well working with the public for long and i almost inevitably have a confrontation at some point. the point is whether it was from impulsive mania, suicidal depression or simply blind rage i have never been able to hold down a job for long. i have never once given a two weeks notice. every single time i ve just walked out or just never came back. this has happened at nearly 15 jobs by now i m not proud of any of this, in fact i find it quite painful. my reckless actions have really damaged my life.
what do i do in this state? hello, i've only been able to talk about this recently even though i got diagnosed quite a few months ago. i'm on medication, and it was working quite well. however, it is not doing so as much anymore. i'm having the issue of not sleeping going on 9 days now even though i take seraquil for sleeping. i'm also far less able to control my mood at all, and i'm dealing with panic attacks as well. i was just curious if anyone had any advice because im a 22 year old college student who hopefully is graduating in a year or two, and i'm honestly unsure what to do in order to be able to do work and focus. also, in addition to being a college student, i am in engineering....a field not really welcome to mental health issues. i'm just really worried and don't want to end up failing my classes and ultimately failing out of college or talking like 8 years to graduate. it's scary and new to me to deal with this fear and worry when medication isnt enough?
struggling to re adjust my sleeping pattern after depressive episode any tips? hi all. i'm looking for some practical advice. i've been pretty depressed the past couple months since i quit my job in october. i'm also studying at uni and have like 6 hours of contact time a week. i've really been struggling to find a reason to get out of bed in the morning and so my sleeping pattern has been destroyed. my circadian rhythm is now set almost in reverse. i don't feel tired until 4 5 am in the morning and wake up around 3 4 pm in the afternoon. i've upped my meds seroquel which used to help me sleep at night but it isn't really making much difference at the moment. i'm desperate to try and re adjust my pattern because it's making my low mood even worse. it gets dark early here in the winter so i have no exposure to sunlight. i'm running on a different time to everyone else so i get minimal socialisation. it's preventing me from passing out of my depressive phase big time.
not sure if it s me or my condition? or am i inseparable from it? when i am feeling down i am really not sure if it s me, or my bipolar? like how much control do i actually have over my emotional state i can t really tell. it makes me feel confused cause when i ask friends and family for help they say things like just pull ourself out of it... just make an effort to be happy but like i am so down in the dumps that i can t even get out of bed to pee sometimes. but am i just not trying hard enough? i am so lost. maybe i m not trying hard enough but i am taking my meds and trying my best not to make stupid decisions and that s about all i can really do right now.. i feel so pathetic. i haven t been going for walks because i m too anxious to go outside, and i stopped listening to music because i can t stand the sounds. and i even quit drinking 3 months ago but it s not helping me feel less depressed. i m just lost and sad and i feel so stuck like i will never be happy.
dealing with self loathing? i'm just wondering if anyone has any tips for coping with extreme self loathing. i'm medicated and in therapy, but neither of these things seem to help when the self hatred hits me hard. i guess this would be considered a depressive episode, but i don't really get manic anymore, so who really knows. i just hate myself so much that it makes me suicidal. i wish i was someone else entirely or that i just didn't exist. i've hated myself for most of my life. probably since puberty and realizing i didn't look like the other girls and i was weird. i never fit in. i was always overweight and not conventionally pretty. thru out my teen years i made so many bad choices drop out, ex junkie then teen mom. such an undesirable life. i can't even fathom how anyone could possibly love me. stupid, crazy, ugly failure me. i'm 34 years old and i still feel like that little outcast kid that no one cared about. can anyone relate? did anything work for you?
involuntary med change the past year and a half i have tried several different med combos. lamictal and risperidone were sort of working but the risperidone had some very unfortunate side effects. my psydoc took me off the risperidone and put me in saphris last december. between the saphris and the lamictal i have been the most stable i have ever been. last week i went to refill my saphris, and out of nowhere my insurance no longer covers it. it was 2 months ago i got it filled! so instead of a 50 copay it's now 360. my psydoc prescribed me geodon in its place, but i'm so frustrated. i dont want a new med. i liked what i was on. now i get to play another round of what weird side effects am i going to get, and the possibility of it not working as well. uuuuggggghhhhh. life sucks so hard right now, with several other things going on in my life. i just need a win for once. i want to cry. i'm also a few days into a hypomanic episode, so i got that going for me too.
i m so stressed and tired and over it. so i m in college now diagnosed about 2 months ago but i ve been dealing with bipolar for like a year and a half now. i have so much going on with life and i just can t handle it anymore. i do theatre so right now i m designing a show, trying to do homework, trying to balance my meds because the ones i m in now don t fucking work, i m in charge of setting up a banquet for our department and everyone keeps talking shit about it. i can t take it anymore. why do people have to be so mean? why can t they understand that i have feelings and i have a lot of problems right now?? why do all these things have to pile up on me now?? why can t i just be better now?? sorry for the long rant but i just need to talk to people who kind of get it. i don t know anyone else who s bipolar so no one understands how i was fine with all the stress last week because i was manic but now i can t because i could barely pull myself out of bed today.
high school and bipolar hi all, in gym class today, i was playing dodgeball and the girl that i don't like for many reasons was in the corner not really doing anything and i screamed at her. completely unprovoked. usually, i'm a super chill person and avoid confrontation at all costs but i was literally in like a dream like state where i thought i was having a dream and that i could do anything i wanted without any repercussions. this has happened before when i thought i was asleep and i could do anything i wanted and i am also diagnosed with bipolar i. looking back i do regret it because this is going to be a fucking headache for me and i'm so scared that i'm gonna do something that then gets put on my record because that would make it harder for colleges and also because i am being scouted to go to schools for my sport. so can anyone tell me if colleges, specifically recruitment scouts, care about records and mental illnesses that are so active as bipolar i?
intense bursts of anxiety and stress i did a little bit of research prior to this but i couldn't find anything specific enough to my situation. does anyone here get these intense bursts of like anxiety, agitation and stress seemingly from out of nowhere? i always need to step away when i feel this way just to clear my head, and it's over the most trivial things often a sudden change of plans or having to multitask e.g. being part of a conversation while getting texts i need to reply to . it completely overwhelms me to the point where i can't think straight. i get really snappy and rude, and i feel terrible about it cause i can't control it and it affects the people around me. it's a very confusing feeling but it fades again after maybe 10 20 minutes of clearing my head. that's also around the time where embarrassment kicks in and i start apologising for being so cold and rude. can anyone relate? how do you handle it and maybe prevent it from overwhelming you?
beginning of an end i'm almost 21 years old and i can feel my life falling apart. i can't find the right medication. i'm gaining weight from my new one and can't stop eating. i got fired from my one job after being in the hospital. i'm failing half of my classes at college. i feel like because of my bipolar i'm just not made to be successful in life. i haven't been stable since early highschool. i'm so tired of rapid cycling and my moods shifting so fucking fast. i always used to say that i didn't want to live past 22, but that was even before my diagnosis. i can only see my life becoming more hopeless and i feel bad for my partner of almost a year that puts up with my bullshit. my mom says i wallow in self pity a lot and there's people worse off than me but how is that supposed to help me? i don't want to end up being on disability for the rest of my life, i don't want to drop out of school because of this fucking disorder. but it just doesn't seem to end.
question for older people does it really get better? so i'm almost 13 years in on this. i was diagnosed when i was 24, so i've been consciously dealing with it for a big chunk of my adult life, and, honestly, while my episodes aren't as outwardly extreme, it doesn't feel like i am getting better i'm just controlled and left with an uncomfortable anxiety and paranoia in place of the bigger feelings. and some of the more peripheral symptoms are definitely more pronounced and progressive. every year it seems like i have more trouble with memory, attention, and verbal ability. i have ways to work around all of this, but it's exhausting to keep myself on and not get lost in thought. my s o sometimes doesn't understand me or has to remind me to answer someone if they've asked me a question and i'm just staring into space. it feels like i have a very slow, drawn out terminal illness. how does this progress? what is this going to be like at the 25 or 50 year mark?
i think i'm losing it i don't really feel anything. i'm like a zombie, just going through the motions. i can smile, but it's hard work. the noise of the world has died down, and all i hear is my own breathing. i'm winding down like a machine falling apart. i forget what i'm doing and suddenly realise, that i've been standing still, just looking at nothing, for god knows how long. the day before yesterday i almost got hit by a car, and i didn't even flinch. i barely registered other people's shocked expressions, and just kept going. i think, that if the car had hit me, i would've flown through the air, and crashed to the ground, with that detached look on my face still. i usually ride my bike bicycle with my 9 year old, in traffic, but i think i'd better take the bus for now. i know this is cause for alarm, but i really have to force myself to care, and take care. you guys know the routine. if you've read this far, thanks for reading. take care, all of you.
just no more emotions maybe not none, but just stuck in depression and sadness or extreme anger. i don t really react to most things unless it pisses me off. idk whats wrong with me but i have never felt like this for so long. like a few days or a week maybe, but i have been like this for a month and its scary. i have 1 day left at work i quit so hopefully things can get better. my job is definitely a majority of my issues. but my brain and my own bs is out of control.. i m stable on meds but not really feeling great as of late. i did talk to the psychiatrist and changed a dose on my lamictal but not really doing better. i also started therapy a few months back have made a good connection, and had good sessions. but i m stuck. no matter what i do. try to live life, stick to a schedule, stay tidy and organized, eat well, go to work, exercise, go to therapy, take my meds, do ketamine infusions. literally i do it all and i am just stuck. and its not pleasant.
my mothers bipolar is getting worse, really hard to cope on mobile as said in the title, my mothers bipolar depression disorder is getting worse with age. she s 50 and on 7 medications, that is not an exaggeration. my family wants nothing to do with it because she lies about how she really feels so, now it s my responsibility to look after her. she is on 400mg of abilify and it s making her sleepwalk, develop tartive dyskinesia and sleep text call which is becoming scary. i don t know how to cope since i have no close friends to get out of the house with and i have no job because i take care of her driving her to work, doing the shopping, cleaning and her house. i m only 19 and my life is on hold. i don t know how to say that i m tired without hurting her feelings because it s not her fault. but, the last time i moved out she completely quit all of her medications cold turkey. i don t necessarily need advice, i just feel extremely stressed out and alone.
depakote amp food so i 23f recently started depakote as of today it's been about a week of taking it and it's working really well for my mood swings and general bipolar i issues. one thing i've noticed is i don't really want to eat. i just don't get hungry? i've heard everyone talk about increased appetite but since i've started taking it 3 times a day i've just been eating a small breakfast and a small dinner because i'm just not hungry... this isn't a problem, because i am overweight and could stand to lose a couple pounds, but it's just weird that most medications i've been on have made me voraciously hungry. seroquel, for example, made me the beast of the kitchen. i would eat everything. another thing i've noticed, that might play into my loss of appetite, is that everything tastes awful. things i used to love now are kind of just meh. i'm not necessarily complaining, just wondering if any other current or previous depakote users have felt this way?
really bad new symptom and want to make sure i'm thinking of everything to tell my pdoc. i'm having a really hard time. my brain just isn't working right. i have to type everything i'm saying 2 or 3 times, i've never had a problem with that before. i play hockey and i'm usually pretty good and now i had no idea what to do with the puck. i even missed a pdoc appointment because i couldn't find the office i have been to probably 50 times. i just couldn't work out where it was. i'm trying to work out anything that's different or not to tell him. i've not sleeping differently, i'm not taking any over the counter meds, i'm not changing my prescription meds, no dietary changes. what else should i think about to tell him? it's been like this for a couple days and i'm really scared. i've been stable for a while and this is the worst i've been in a very long time. edit and now my pdoc is sick and i can't get an appointment until tuesday. which is pretty shitty.
it's my cake day and i just want to send love to the kind and wonderful people of this sub. hang in there, everyone. i grew up with a toxic family, was depressed on and off since i was a kid, life long ed, trauma, bipolar 2, med induced psychosis, massive episode that lasted 2 years... now i've been stable for over a year and it is like nothing i ever dreamed of. it took me 3 years to get my meds right and 2 rounds of dbt plus i've been in therapy for 5 years and counting to learn how to regulate my emotions and cope in general. it's a long haul but it's possible. i'm not cured and i'm still dealing with some shit. i probably always will be. but i think i can actually do this. i think a good life is actually be possible for me. not to be nauseatingly positive i know that can be hard to palate but... i think a good life is possible for you folks too. i'm sorry you we all have to deal with this nightmare of a disorder. hang in there. i'm rooting for you.
feeling deeply perturbed because i feel that there is a ghost in my house i m trying to reconcile whether or not what i m experiencing is psychosis. i do not believe in ghosts. but i found a can of reduced sodium soup in my cabinet and there is no way my roommate or i would ever buy that. we both have pots and are on high sodium diets. i got this deep seated feeling that either someone broke in and put it there or, more likely, there is some sort of supernatural shit going on and i m being haunted. i know rationally that this isn t true. but i still feel anxiety in my gut that i m being haunted and bad shit is going to happen. this is a pattern, i tend to get really emotional about some conspiracy or something supernatural. one time i salt lined my friend s apartment because someone left a creepy doll in the vestibule of her building and then it got moved to the laundry room. is this just me being me or am i experiencing psychosis? or something else??
nightmare related to my bipolar disorder i have been extremely manic the past week or so and a few nights ago i experienced a nightmare that really irked me. i get weird dreams and nightmares quite a lot but this one was extremely unsettling. it started off with me walking down a street in the city i live in and i could see something up ahead so i started walking towards it. when i got close enough i saw a person with a bag over their head being held in handcuffs by two men and was wearing a nightgown of some sort with bipolar written across it. they were knocking door to door telling people to stay away from people with bipolar disorder and that they re freaks. i started running down the street and i passed two children in a window sewing dolls not sure what that was about but pretty creepy and after that i woke up. overall it was a horrifying dream and i would like to know if anyone else with bipolar disorder has had a nightmare similar to that.
recovering from psychosis i recently had a bad manic episode which very quickly descended into bad psychosis. i m thankfully coming out of it now and am under the care of the crisis team and getting daily home visits. however what i m really struggling with is processing what s happened to me. i have all these memories of the delusions i was having and how strongly i believed in them, and while i know now that they weren t real mostly, i still have flashes of confusion i m feeling really rocked by what s happened. i can t get over how quickly i lost my grip on reality and how dangerous it was. i know it s normal to feel depressed after something like this, but i guess all i m looking for is reassurance that i m not alone with this, and that other people have gone through psychosis and come out the other side. any anecdotes or words of wisdom would be greatly appreciated. particularly around what recovery was like and how long it took. thank you.
is it possible or does it make sense to be self aware when manic or hypomanic? hey friends. a lot of you talk about manic episodes so severe that your friends families so's have to have you formed and hospitalized etc. i've never had that. i've always been self aware in depressive episodes and known when i was close to the edge, and i'm always aware when i'm hypomanic so far . it doesn't change anything, like i'm still riding the wave and doing all my bad things spending, sex, driving fast or whatever, but i'm self aware that i'm hypo. i don't need somebody to point it out to me. i know. i know that my discomfort about the moon looking at me is a delusion. i know that i shouldn't have bought the 85 eye shadow palette s o to huda beauty, your new nudes palette is fucking beautiful but i did anyway. anyway, any insight would be nice. my bipolar friend said this is called high functioning which i always knew i was but i didn't think it meant this?
is it possible to be put back on a med and have a completely different reaction to it, even if not much time has passed? i was put on zyprexa earlier this year and it showed promise, but it really messed with my blood sugar so i talked my doc into taking me off of it and going back on latuda. the latuda wasn't working as well i made sure to take it with enough calories, so that wasn't the issue , so my doctor put me back on the zyprexa and we're going to work with my primary care doctor to manage my sugars more aggressively. i started the zyprexa friday and since then i've been just miserable. is this a known thing that happens? does anyone have any experience with zyprexa? to be clear, i'm not looking for advice on medications to try, or dosing, or anything other than personal experiences. i'm just wondering if anyone has had med switches change up their effects like this, and or if they're had zyprexa cause major negative mood shifts. thanks.
fighting the stigma against medicating mental illness so people like me don't wait forever to get help hey there! i'm bipolar and have had a lot of success with lamotrigine, but it took me a really long time to start taking it because there's such an intense stigma around medicating mental illnesses. i kind of assumed i would lose all sense of self if i took them, and i wish i didn't have that feeling for so long over a decade . so i started up a project called wear your meds recently to try and help other people not feel that way. basically it's a series of 1 buttons, and each button shows a commonly prescribed mental illness medication. anyone who wears one of these buttons is signaling that they re open to sharing their personal story of how the medication helped. it's also a show of solidarity because sometimes it can feel like no one else you know is on meds. i'm hoping some people on here would be into it. more info is at wearyourmeds.com
i made a manic decision two weeks ago to adopt a puppy and now i have to rehome him and it's tearing me apart. newly diagnosed, but i'm about 99 sure i was manic when i decided to adopt a puppy. i now have to rehome him because he is stressing my other animals out too much. i have two rats and two rabbits, and the rabbits sometimes won't eat because they're so stressed out with the dog being in the room. it's been two weeks and it's not getting any better. it sucks because i really love him. he's a great dog, eager to learn, about 4 months old. but my pets that i had before him come first, and rabbits can die of stress. i'm of course devastated and i feel myself falling into a depression. i'm trying to think about how he will make another family very happy, but holy crap does this suck. he's being sweet and kissing my tears away right now, which makes me cry even more. has anyone else ever had to do something like this? what got you through it?
i'm new here hello i'm new to reddit in general, but especially new to this sub. i'm 21 and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder fairly recently. it explains a lot but also makes so many things more confusing. it's meant so much to me to be able to come onto r bipolarreddit and see so many behaviors, thoughts and feelings i thought made me so alone are actually shared by other people. i thought that would annoy me but it's actually such a comfort to know i'm not just completely misdiagnosed and being mislead. i'm going to try and frequent here more often. right now i'm in a sort of mixed depressive episode where i'm not completely useless but i can feel myself falling into that... i'm going to try and reach out, even if it's just to strangers on the internet, rather than withdraw completely this time. but i also could just be kidding myself and a week from now laugh that i ever even typed this. we'll see. either way, thank you for being here.
best meds for me, i guess lithium was the best out of all the ones i took. lithium 1200mg with either abilify or latuda. took it for about 5 years, but it did make me...numb. i was just content with everything, no matter how good or bad things were, i was in a cloud where nothing really affected me. and it kinda sucked, to be honest with you. everyone around me was fine with me because i became this nice, stable, soft spoken woman who never really complained about anything. well, i decided to come off my meds about a year and a half ago because i didn t want to live that way for the rest of my life. i wanted to feel again. feel something, anything. and long story short, i quit my job because i realized i was miserable there, lost some friends, but gained some too. i have ups and downs, but i can feel again. at least for now, i won t be going back on meds. fuck that. anyone else decided to go off their meds and what has been your experience?
uk just been referred for assessment by my doctor as possibly bipolar. does anyone know what will happen now? will i have a telephone consultation then a meeting for an actual assessment. what is it like to live with bipolar disorder? or bipolar 2 disorder? i'm currently being treated for depression and anxiety and have previous alcohol issues. i don't think i am depressed though, although i have periods of depression. on reading about bipolar disorder i think it makes so much sense as an explanation of my behaviour and feelings and my doctor agrees. to make things much harder, we are leaving the area in 6 weeks or so and my referral will have to be transferred to the new place we're living, which might delay things. my doctor warned me that a diagnosis isn't a quick fix 'medication sorted, now you're fine' sort of thing and i have to make changes to my life also to make myself happier and well, but this feels like a weird sort of relief.
is stability supposed to be difficult? hi, i think 3 months ago i came here to ask you what being stable was like and if what i was feeling could actually be tagged as such. only one person answered, but he was saying exactly what i was feeling . now i'm here, i've been drowning in anxiety, the meds i used only for emergency are now fixed. with a double dose. and i'm like????? what is going on? yes. i got better, depakene really did wonders, but i don't know how to deal with this under my skin crawling feeling that there is a storm inside that i can't let out because it's blocked. my mom said i'm a healthy woman, why do i even need therapy for? when i'm like this, seriously? is this just anxiety? am i into a hypomanic episode and don't know because i'm supposed to be stable? i have no clue. i'm tired. i fought for years to find meds who'd shut bipolar up and now that i have it does not look any easier. sorry for the rant. i'm just tired.
don t believe it this is headed into a rant..i was diagnosed bp2 after one visit with a psych. put on lamicital and here i ve been for two years. i m not bipolar the meds aren t helping. i got worse, more fighting , crying, si,sh. i ve been trying to force myself into sickness or narrative. psychosomatic? i ve also been dealing with marriage strain,a pandemic, a major surgery, the chronic pain and long term issues from that surgery and a new high stress job. it s been a busy couple of years. those are life factors that can make anyone go off their baseline. i don t want to be given a dx because i can fit a checklist that day and then some meds to make me foggy. i have been letdown by so many healthcare providers. i am taking my health and bodily autonomy back. i can choose how to heal my mind and body. i m tapering myself off the meds. working with a therapist i trust and creating a treatment plan to actually improve my quality of life.
relative challenging me over my meds. i was speaking to a close relative the other day and when i said i was feeling a bit grotty he preceded to say it is 'those pills' i am on that is causing my problems and that i should try and stop taking them. he is going through a hard time at present so i didn't try to defend my mental health care plan to him apart from saying how dangerous it is to come off the drugs especially cold turkey. yet he watches a lot of yt videos about vaccines and psyche meds and how they are bad or so they say. he has fallen for it. it is as if taking a pill for your brain is unacceptable, but if it was antibiotics he would say in the same sincere manner 'you must take the full course' etc. my brother is the same. he once said to me i shouldn't be proud to take medication. i mean if i can't convince my own family that i need lithium, aripiprazole etc to function than what chance do i have outside of this setting.
unstable bipolar people giving people with bipolar a bad name. i've made forays into dating and i've encountered people who've had bad experiences with unstable bipolar people. whether it's because of being unmedicated or a comorbid mental illness such as borderline, these bipolar people have hurt others and left a bad impression of what people with the medical condition of bipolar are like. however, maybe the impression is justified in the sense that almost all people with bipolar bring unnecessary drama to mentally healthy people? when i was unmedicated, i know the mania caused trouble. and even medicated i still have some issues and understand that medication only lessens the frequency, duration, and severity of episodes and does not fully stop it. it makes me sad when i think that maybe no one good will love me because they can do so much better in the sense that they can find someone without bipolar and the baggage that i carry.
any advice on lithium? i have been on various medications for the last twenty something years. my latest combination is fluoxetine, bupropion, resperidone and some lorazepam for anxiety attacks. i cycled back down into a depression a couple of weeks ago and it got bad enough that i went to see my psych doc. i told her i don t like the resperidone because, although it works and stops me wanting to actively kill myself, it turns me into a complete zombie. she decided to try me on litium, which is one of the things i have never tried in all these years. so far i have been on it for almost a week so i haven t had my blood work done to check the levels yet but i am feeling no difference in mood or level of depression. i m just wondering what others experiences are with lithium and what it feels like when it is working? i have been off work for days now and i am wondering if i should take some risperidone just because i know it works fast.
am i bipolar? ok so i have been struggling with these severe mood swings for almost 4 years. i thought it was just severe suicidal depression but recently within the past year i have been experiencing these nights or grouping of nights where i would stay up and do a ton of random projects and crazy work ideas. nothing ever got done but after not sleeping and all, i would crash. i would hit a depressing suicidal low and not know when it's going to end. currently this is the longest depressive episode at almost 3 weeks. it's to the point where my grades went from a's to f's and my parents think it's anxiety. i go to a therapist but she doesn't know the full story. i also am being evaluated but that takes months. ii am taking ap psych in school and we are learning about mental illnesses and i realized i may be bipolar. 'm trying to keep family out of it while also getting help. can someone help me? do you think i have bipolar disorder?
bp1 lithium 4 weeks it's been 1 month since starting lithium i last seen my psychiatrist on day 18 she said that i have responded well which at the time i agreed with although i did say that i feel a little on the flat side she said we might have to put the dose up but she will make that decision next time i see her unfortunately in the 4 or 5 days ago my head has gone cloudy and i feel agitated i did have some mania as well i was just starting to get some relief to after a major 5 month long episode also rls is back which was caused by trying to start a drug called latuda which was 2 months ago would it be possible that my lithium levels just dropped for no reason? i know they were at 0.57 my psychiatrist said that's about where they need to be btw i take 900mg lithium carbonate sr .. also can someone tell me this crawling feeling at the back of my legs, will i ever be able to go on a low dose of seroquel for sleep again? thank you
a poem to me, by my bi polar father. my dad died from suicide due to his uncontrolled disorder. while going through his art, i found a letter addressed to me. this was written while i was a little girl. if this doesn't belong here, i'm very sorry. i'm just missing him, and maybe his words can bring comfort to anyone going through a tough time. there once was a guy who was tired all the time and sometimes he let the weight of the world wear him down so much he had a hard time remembering how much he loved the most simplest and best things there were, like the joy i feel when i think about megan elizabeth. i wish sometimes when i was the most dead man walking est i would just think of how much i love you and how happy i can feel just because you're my daughter. i love you forever and more than that. and that's the truth. so all of you struggling, i know it's fucking hard. please, please just keep trying. someone loves you. i love you.
i hate being a freshman all my life i ve had anxiety amp adhd. i had parents who said rub some dirt in it to everything, so i wasn t diagnosed until college. started taking adhd meds. i was in therapy for a while, feeling good, but after a few years couldn t afford it anymore. 5 6 months ago i was put on setraline by my pcp and started therapy with betterhelp that therapy app . a month ago my therapist says she thinks i have bpd or bipolar depression or ptsd, maybe more than one. and i stop taking the setraline. two weeks ago my therapist said she believes i have bipolar depression and need to seek additional support. anybody have any advice on any of it? like where the heck do i start? yes i know this is social media and i m not going to take any one persons experience or advice and run with it, but i get overwhelmed with medical jargon and i d love to get an idea of what i may be up against amp what i may want to be cautious of.
hypomanic rage looking back at every argument i've ever had with my partner, i blame about 85 of them on being untreated and hypomanic and irritable and full of rage. and no matter what i started the argument for, it always ended the same way, i would get angry at my partner for not talking and thinking as fast as i was the reason for the argument completely forgotten, my anger just grabbing at straws until i was essentially getting angry at my self for having such debilitating racing thoughts and flight of ideas, but i was directing it all at my poor wonderful partner. i'm curious as to what other bipolar 2 people feel in regards to anger, irritability, and rages. i know for a fact that when i get snippy, i'm hypomanic and probably going to try and start an argument. hypomania in me is not the fun happy, high that it can be, sure i'm up there in energy and a little bit excited but i am not elated, i am angry. how about you guys?
ways to help until i can get on meds? hi! i'm a freshman in college who's had a long history of mental health. i had to drop out of school last year after i was hospitalized for a suicide attempt. my doctor said it was anxiety and basically send me to cbt and told me to get back to school. i've always had ups and downs where for a couple of days i feel like i'm on top of the world and can run 5 miles easily. i can study without distraction and can get my work done. other days, i'm too exhausted to get out of bed and i easily snap at people. i can barley do the things i love, like read my book or play my xbox. my mom has been insistent that i have bipolar disorder she's kept a notebook with all my up and down behavior and notices a pattern . i can't get a psychologist until may since the university ones refuse to take me until next semester. is there anything i can do to lessen the symptoms until i get on the meds? thanks so much
the daunting task of living trigger warning so much sad shit mention of suicide this last two ish years have been the worst of my life starting may 2021 my father committed suicide followed by two weeks later my 21 year old cousin, this is the third family suicide. flash forward to may 2022 i drove myself to the hospital fearing id be alone and unable to be safe on the anniversary of his death. this is the occasion where i actually learned im bipolar and have been on the wrong meds for 12 years. im a 34 f , i have lots of beautiful things about my life, a husband a dog a ridiculous garden. but man i dont know how to not feel completely daunted looking both forward and back and having one really solid year of stability in my brain with various other degrees of stability but lots of struggle just to float. how do i not just feel angry and scared that i have to live in this body in this brain with this trauma for the rest of it?
upped the dosage on my meds and now everything feels really, really wrong. i feel like i did when i was at my worst i've been on 100 mg lamictal and recently upped it to 150, eventually supposed to get to 200. i don't know for sure that what i'm feeling is because of the meds. i don't think lamictal is strong enough to get a reaction like this, the impression i got is that it's mild or something but i also don't know anything about how meds actually work. it's like i have an electric current going through me, i can't close my eyes and i can't sleep. i'm starting to get irritated like i did before, and crying a lot, and getting that bone deep sorrow for no real reason. everything's turned up to eleven and i really do feel like i'm crazy, like the way it felt before i got diagnosed. i'm scared because i'm feeling that zero inhibitions i can do anything kind of mood and this is when i feel most like i could go through with it
i'm exhausted there is something profoundly satisfying in hearing from a licensed professional that your are certifiably ill. that you experience not something that everyone else experiences. i have a problem. i have a disorder. it does not just come and goes as it pleases and logic doesn t help defeat it, today i did laundry, cleaned my room, cleaned out my car, got a car wash, had lunch and read at the coffee shop, went grocery shopping, fixed that lightbulb that was out for 4 months, made a huge meal for tonight amp work this week, and i did not drink alcohol at all. i was so excited that i immediately told the people i cared about most, like it was some huge accomplishment or something. the worst part is that i don t want this feeling to go away. i don t mind the swings, i ve learned how to deal with that. i m just lonely. i want to fix myself so maybe one day someone will love me. i don't know where to go from here.
i'm planning to end my life in august. at least now i know why i'm like this. eating disorder, childhood trauma, abusive relationship, toxic work environment, lots of hard drug abuse 25 year later a psychiatrist finally tells me i have bipolar disorder. feels like a lot of things suddenly click and fall into place. why i get so restless and high energy, and so hyper focused on sex or cleaning or things like that, just to crash into nothingness. why i always feel torn into multiple pieces. why i can't cope with work, why i'm alone, i have no friendships, why i hate looking at myself in the mirror. the diagnosis doesnt change my plans for the summer but at least now i feel a little less like a lost fish drowning, especially reading things other people wrote and how i can relate to it. sorry if some of this sounds weird, my english is weird today my favorite sub got deleted today so i just wanted to share somewhere. thanks
i got a job interview of my dreams! i apologize..... i m mostly just venting here, bare with me! i ve been jobless since last june after a few weeks stay in the hospital. it still took me a few months to get better afterwards. i tried to do everything right, switched doctors, new therapist, exercise, eating healthier, stopped drinking beer, tons and tons of new meds... i am finally doing well! i can hardly believe it at times. i ve come so far. so, i ve been job hunting. it s been awful. but i had a phone interview yesterday at a spa i really want to work at and it went soooo well! we immediately set up a time for an in person meet up next week. i was nearly hypo after my call, i was soooo happy! naturally, it didn t last. my mood dropped. hard. things are going so well, wtf?? i became really depressed, anxious enough that i had to take an ativan it didn t help . had a few crying spells. fucking disorder. i m over it!!
i messed up my life i lost my job in december after going hypomanic, spent 7 thousand dollars within 3 months, and now i'm falling into a depression. i can't think of one thing i've done right in the past 4 months. i can't keep my house clean or get out of bed most days. i need a job now, but i don't have any idea how i'm gonna get one and keep one as i have physical health issues as well, so retail doesn't really mesh with me. i'm just so mad at myself and at my psychiatrist. meds don't work even though i take them religiously. and it's not like i haven't found the right combo because i've been on and off meds for 15 years. i was supposed to start something new, but my new psychiatrist hasn't called it in, and she won't respond to me. i'm just so done and all i want to do is wallow in self pity but i cant because i have a mortgage to pay and i spent all my damn money on something i barely have the energy to care for.
surgery tomorrow i m having a day surgery tomorrow. it isn t huge deal. what s worrying me is that they re putting me under and i ve had a problem with emergence delirium in one form or another with all of my previous surgeries. it ranges from crying to flailing and trying to tear out my iv. i know that i should tell the pacu team that it has happened before... i just don t want to. i m terrified of waking up in restraints for obvious reasons. i figure i m more likely to lose it if i wake up confused and then realize i m strapped in. chemical restraints aren t easing my anxiety either. so, of course i m trying to put it out of my mind. that said, my anxiety is so bad that my skin is tingling and i m nauseous. i ll decide what i want to do tomorrow. i just wish i didn t have to deal with it. what would ya ll do? warn someone ahead of time and risk the restraints or roll the dice and see if the ed stays at a minimum?
major study the debate is settled anti depressants do work scientists say they have settled one of medicine's biggest debates after a huge study found that anti depressants work. the study, which analysed data from 522 trials involving 116,477 people, found 21 common anti depressants were all more effective at reducing symptoms of acute depression than dummy pills. but it also showed big differences in how effective each drug is. major takeaways edit anti depressants do work better than placebos for most people but their effectiveness varies. more people could be helped by anti depressants. anti depressants don't work for everyone. edit please note as u thatonejessica rightly pointed out the study excluded trials that included 20 or more of participants with bipolar disorder . the study has been published in the lancet and you can find out more in this article from the bbc http www.bbc.co.uk news health 43143889
i'm sinking again. i just burst into tears for the first time in over a year. today has been hard. this week has been hard. and i'm starting to sink back into that energetic depression again. i'm not actually suicidal right now. which is good. unfortunately i can't bring myself to leave the house for more than a soda without somebody pushing me to do so. i'm sinking back into that mire of despair that has no cause or meaning. i'm doigts my best to hide it from those around me so they don't get worried. the messed up thing is i'm still on my meds. yeah i've missed a dose or two but not enough to spiral me out like this. i'm thankful i'm on my meds or i'm sure i wouldn't make it. i'm rapid cycling i know. i know it'll pass. i just had to tell somebody what is happening before i tear my face off. the last time i felt this way i was fresh out of the hospital. i wish i knew why it was happening. what the trigger was.
brother is still manic flying across country multiple times with no id a while ago i posted about brother 27m who was manic, eventually we got him admitted into a hospital with a court order, clinicians agreed he was manic psychosis illusions of grandeur etc. he was recently released after 2 weeks, court order 'dissolved' as he agreed to voluntary 30day residential treatment. no surprises when he checked himself out after one day of residential treatment... and has now flown himself with another credit card he secretly has to another state without id. i'm surprised he has been able to get on a plane 4 times now without any id, and just a photocopy of his passport last id. is it that easy to get past tsa? not really sure what we can do at this point. he's been asking for his passport because he wants to leave the country and we have it locked in a safe. he's clearly still manic. any advice appreciated, thank you.
are we neurodivergent? i was reading the post about crapping on coping mechanisms that was posted recently and i was surprised to hear that many people consider themselves neurodivergent because of their bipolar. please inform me if i sound really ignorant! i was under the impression that neurodivergence is an innate difference in thinking, permeating everything you do and the brain is inherently wired differently. this is most often associated with adhd and autism spectrum disorders. i personally feel that although i have a mental illness, that when well controlled and stable i am wired the same as most people. my therapist described an allegory that stuck for me which was your personality is the climate, and your mood is the weather . i think that my climate is neurotypical and i do not identify myself as neurodivergent, more as someone who deals with periods of mental illness. what do you think about this?
sudden depression? i f 37 was recently diagnosed due to a hypomanic episode that related in an inpatient stay. i have been on lamotrigine 3 months. one day about 2 weeks ago, i woke up depressed, tired, slow, irritated, not caring about anything, etc etc real depression, not a bad mood amp not hormonal! the depression came on so suddenly, like being hit by a depression train. it got worse every day, until i was snapping at colleagues, thinking about not being here etc. life was getting unmanageable. this kind of depression is nothing new to me, i expected it to last for months. on the 9th day, i woke up no longer depressed. completely normal . which obviously i am not complaining about is this sudden onset depression common? i am obviously pretty cautious in feeling better, sort of wondering if i am in for a rollercoaster ride over the coming months ? any support or advice, others experiences much appreciated
anticipated i know! i see it, my life is propelled, a mandate from heaven, audience anticipates it, they clap until it sounds like thunder, grasping their bellies until they roll out of their chairs, he s doing it again! another meltdown. born and grew with a face of a child, you re so cute! seems peculiar but i sure found something for my phenotype, they pay for my dinners, they buy me flowers, made me feel secure when i was not stable, i like to be treated, like to be shown you care, then i feel intolerable, and have been called things for a previous lifestyle, maybe i am what i am told i am, what brings admiration and material turns to my curse, for when i fall apart and turn to a spectacle it is something to merely laugh at, frustration and cries for help get treated as hysterical, suicidal ideation and attempts get treated as mere pouts, nothing that serious, even more certain i have no right to myself.
help with potentially changing psychiatrists? hello all, i was diagnosed as bpii a little over a year ago and began seeing a psychiatrist not long after. personally i think the world of my psychiatrist. but i am still struggling a lot. at times i feel like we've made no progress. dealing with the illness has been a long, difficult learning experience that has also been painful at times. i know that it can potentially take years to find the right combination of medications. so i've tried to keep this in mind through all the medication adjustments and changes. i'm beginning to lose hope that there is a drug or a combination of them that will allow me to function like a mostly normal person. i've talked with my therapist about getting a second opinion on the medication side. but i just don't know how to have that conversation with my psychiatrist. this is a new situation for me and i'm really conflict avoidant.
have any of you tried tms? i told my doc today how it seemed to be a pattern that i have a crisis, change meds, but there's always another crisis depression, suicidal thoughts, feelings of hopelessness and desperation the sure knowledge that nothing will ever change . still haven't found a med or combo that works long term. my former med list is as long as my arm, with all the side effects in the world but always another crisis. so she suggested looking into tms. i'm going to be patient and wait until i finish if i finish, at the rate i'm going, long story emdr therapy just to give it a fair shake, and i'm doing my own research, but i also wondered about the community's experience was. did you notice improvement after trying tms therapy? for how long? how many sessions did you have to have? what did it feel like? did your personality change? what features of your illness did it particularly affect? thanks!
rapid cycling unwell while on meds psych diagnosed me with cyclothmia bordering on bp2 and i began treatment for it on feb 1st. started on lithium 450mg mirtazapine 15mg at night. at first i was super drowsy in the morning and throughout the day, which lasted about 2 and 1 2 weeks. march 7th increased to 30mg mirtazapine one lithium 450mg nightly and one in the morning. final weeks of february and the present i feel like the 'mania' symptoms are returning with daily crashes where i feel an overwhelming sense of self doubt and anxiety about the future. i guess i am just posting this to see how others have experienced these meds and whether its possible to continue to experience ongoing reoccurring symptoms whilst still being medicated. sidenote i also have adhd previously medicated but not currently taking anything and it took longer than normal to write this post so sorry in advance if it is too vague.
pauses in symptoms during hypomania is it possible to experience a break in symptoms during hypomania? for example, i may feel very tired from the lack of sleep for a few hours during the day, feel ashamed of hypersexual symptoms, or just feel like i've snapped back to my true self calmed down, only for this fleeting break to end and be brought back up. i'm new to all this, and am not yet well versed enough on the illness or my own individual symptoms to be able to differentiate between a genuinely high mood, with the normal mood fluctuations all people experience, or being hypomanic. i'm using either zopiclone or ambien regularly for sleep at the moment, so i don't know if the drowsiness is perhaps just a hangover from those. i'm also starting abilify though at a very low 2mg so far , so unsure if that's potentially causing certain symptoms i'm having as well. i appreciate any insight from you all.
vent i just wasted 2 3 s of my savings during my 2nd manic episode, can anyone relate? just so disappointed that i 25m spent 2 3 s of my savings on bullshit. mainly clothes, books and random items from local stores that i never use. i worked a lot of different jobs to earn that money since the beginning of college 7 years ago and in a little less than 2 months most of it is gone. can t even afford to join my family on a vacation to visit my mothers homeland because it s too expensive for me and being consistent with a job while my meds are kicking my ass energy wise is extremely difficult. just feeling down about my situation, i know it s not forever but damn. don t wanna be another guy that s just negative on this thread, so i hope whoever went through something similar like this will continue to have faith that things will get better and know you re not alone in your experience. stay strong guys
experiences with lithium? my doctor prescribed me lithium 300mg er twice a day. i have been extremely reluctant to start the medicine because of the dumbest reason ever, the notorious weight gain. i take care of myself pretty well with the exception of a few beers every other weekend or so definitely nowhere near drunk . i go to the gym 4 5 days a week and eat relatively healthy. i just recently lost a few pounds, and am still trying to lose more personal preference, i'm a healthy weight . i drink probably around 10 glasses of water a day. does anyone have experience with weight gain on the med? i read online that part of it can be attributed to an increase in sugary drinks to accommodate the extreme thirst, but i only drink water with a cup or two of coffee tea in the mix. i'm pretty nervous, i know that the good outweighs the bad 10 fold, but weight gain is not something that i would take well.
my meds make it so much worse i was diagnosed with bipolar two 3 or so years ago and it's awful. i am always depressed unless i'm hypomanic, which doesn't happen very often. i miss being super happy when i'm manic because it's a lot better than the depression. i am on lamictal and latuda right now, and the latuda is ruining my life. i think about suicide everyday to make myself feel better, but i know that's not an option because i can't hurt my family. i have akathesia from the latuda and i also have this feeling like i'm not a person. i don't want to hang out with my friends or anyone anymore and i'm always stressed out and depressed. i'm slowly getting off of the latuda since it is ruining any happiness i could possibly have but each day that goes by i want to kill myself even more. if anyone has any advice for me that'd be great because i can't seem to find anything that makes me feel better.
does lithium on its own relieve depression? or is what i'm feeling the calm before the storm? i'm pretty scared i've been taking 900mg of lithium er daily since i was in the psych ward for a month, april 2017. pretty soon after i was discharged, i was prescribed lithium, but not er. i had diarrhea every day, it felt like my body was rejecting it. i was still sorely depressed. then in september i got to start extended release lithium. i gradually felt better, i got a job, i felt more like myself. then this last week, i feel like i went through a period of hypomania. probably relatively mild hypomania. i couldn't sleep without taking seroquel, my head felt on edge, it sucked. nothing about it was enjoyable. right now it seems to have stopped, i feel something akin to normal. but i'm scared. is this the calm before the storm? is the lithium helping me? or am i going to spiral back down into hell?
i seem to only have bipolar spectrum symptoms as reactions to medications...is this a thing? so i know i'm only 22 and my mental health could get worse, but when i'm off meds i don't cycle. i have plenty of depression, but not anymore than i've had since adolescence, i can be very sensitive, but i don't have out of no where mood swings. the only manic, mixed, or suicidal episodes. i've had are the result of medication. zoloft at 15 hypo every time i've been on stimulants hypo or mixed medrol in the hospital full on psychotic episode lamictal mixed ep quitting wellbutrin rage and suicidality i have mitochondrial dysfunction mthfr so i'm sensitive in general. i haven't taken any meds for 3 months and i feel totally stable, my psychiatric issues are more inline with autism spectrum. i've never had any kind of episode that came independently of a medication change. can anyone else relate to this?
my appetite is probably more bipolar than i am i just went through a horrible binge eating phase from december till now in which i gained 30lbs. i imagine that's a lot of water weight but it's still a significant amount. i was eating fast food 2 or 3 times a day and a thing of ben and jerry's almost every night. now i'm falling into a phase where i can barely eat and eating just makes my stomach hurt. each phase will usually last a couple months and my weight just swings wildly. i feel sick during this phase and during the binge eating phase i just never feel satisfied. my mood definitely changes with it. i feel kinda low right now but that might just be because i feel sick. during the binge eating phases i wouldn't say my mood is elevated but i do feel better. i've gone to doctors and there's nothing wrong with my gut that they can find. i just hate how i can't live a consistent life style.
my partner won t stop judging what i eat. i struggle with eating. i don t feel hungry until my head is pounding and i m super irritable. this morning i didn t have the energy to really cook myself anything but i knew i needed to eat to take my meds. with this in mind i made some noodles and boiled an egg in the water just to get something in my system. my partner asked what i had eaten and i told him. he proceeded to tel me all about how i could get diabetes or become obese if i don t make better food choices and i need to make more nutritious meals for myself. which i understand and i know he s coming from a good place with good intentions. but i also did not ask for his opinion and was just trying to put something in my system so i could take my meds today. it really hurt for him to say those things to me as if i am not trying my best to do the right things within my capacity for the day.
new here and need some advice possible mania? hi i m new to reddit and have been using facebook and tiktok as my resources besides reading articles about bipolar disorder. i was diagnosed 6 7 years ago with bipolar 1 and i m still trying to figure it out. been off and on with my meds. currently off with approval of psychiatrist i ve been trying to figure this out still. it s hard but i m still trying to figure out my mania. right now i feel like i m making risky choices. like playing with fire with my marriage and sex life. is infidelity part of mania. i know i ve heard and read many different things on mania and i know some people on the pages have struggled and this is why their marriages fail and i feel i m at risk with mine but i miss this risk part which is why i think i want to play with fire? i just need some advice on what you guys do with your mania highs? or if this was normal?
looking for opinions on my guide for bipolar spouses family partners https psyche.media the questions most frequently asked by bipolar sos so, this guide has been up for awhile on the r bipolarsos subreddit. i decided to write it up the reason being, back when my second bipolar partner went manic, i found myself caught between the devil and the deep blue sea and struggled to find a lot of helpful information quickly. so i compiled a list of frequently asked questions on r bipolarsos and answered them all, along with including a list of other resources to get help. feedback from the r bipolarsos community has been largely positive and i've asked a few people who actually have bipolar disorder in my life and they say they like it as well. apologies for a few typos and formatting errors. please let me know what y'all think, i'd love to know the perspective from this side of the community.
relationships and ghosting? i have bipolar 2 and an important person i've been seeing for quite a while has bipolar 1. we started matching cycles and sometimes we inevitably trigger each other.i know when to give him space, specifically when he is going through his lows and withdraws from texting and meeting up. lately, it has been going on for longer than usual, and am getting a little bit worried as it is triggering my depression and my anxiety. as he leaves me on read, i cannot understand if he is ghosting me or if he just needs space. i am willing to give him space for as long as it is needed, but sometimes i do need reassurance as well. i am deeply missing him and i don't know what to do. any suggestions? pieces of advice? i am willing to read anything that can help me understand better the situation as i am fairly new to bipolar and i barely understand myself sometimes. edit typo
mania is changing with age i am 27 and have a 1.5 year old. i have found that my mania and hypomania is significantly different at this point in my life than when i was in my late teens and early 20s. back then i gravitated towards dangerous and hypersexual things while manic. nowadays i don't even have the same thoughts cross my mind. i feel hypomanic for sure right now and i find myself filling my calendar with volunteer opportunities and weekend events to take the kids i'm a step mom too to. and honestly i'm super grateful. i used to do the craziest stuff and it was dangerous and unwise. now i certainly am aware that i'm putting a lot on my plate right now, but it's all good stuff. i'm trying to lose weight, quit smoking, and find activities to be closer to the community and my kids. i feel like the change is both with aging and also becoming a mother really calmed me down overall.
does this sound bi polar??? this all started last year when i started to feel really sad and depressed but here was no reason for it and then after six months i wouldn't feel it at all. i would feel like i'm on top of everything and i was doing really well in school. and now it kind of feels like it's happening again. but slowly creeping in on me. like my grades are going down, i sleep more. i have become way more self destructive and impulsive when it comes to my friendships and i can be just sitting at my computer looking at stuff and feeling content and instantly just go to sadness and pointlessness and the only way i feel like i can get rid of this is to go to sleep. because when i wake up it's like my mood resets and i try to keep myself busy from my thoughts because they get really deep and depressive really fast. does this sound like bi polar or am i just over analyzing this?
what is 50mg seroquel good for? i had a really bad episode and the crash brought along with it severe anxiety and insomnia. my pdoc and i were in the process of adjusting my prescriptions to better handle the stress overload caused by my job. he added in 50mg seroquel and low dose of lexapro. my anxiety went away and i could sleep, yay! i'm hungry all the time, bloated, and my muscles get all twitchy and tense if i don't go to sleep within an hour ish of my seroquel dose. so, i hate seroquel. what is 50mg really good for? as far as i understand that low of dose isn't therapeutic level for anything bipolar related. i'm also on lithium and lamactil. i can't take time off of work to see my pdoc for several weeks or more and i don't plan to change anything on my own. my job is also still slowly killing me so i'm hesitant to change anything right now too. question is general curiosity.
prescriber amp therapist make me feel way worse does anyone else feel like their med prescriber keeps tabs on them like they re some kind of criminal? i have been stable for years and have even been told my bipolar is in remission, but still see a med prescriber for anxiety. she talks down to me and speaks to me in a manipulative way that feels like subtle interrogation. she puts me in a situation where i don t have the option to say no to going to see a therapist for something minor i brought up casually about getting flushed when i m in public... it feels like there is a subtle implication that there will be some type of consequence if i don t comply. i have never seen a med prescriber in over 10 years who hasn t treated me like a potential criminal, and like they re keeping tabs. these people make me feel worse about myself and put me back several steps in my recovery process.
lamictal making me hypomanic i've been taking lamictal for bipolar depression and it's working great in that aspect but i can't sleep now. i have night sweats and i can't stay asleep for more than 2 hours at a time at most. after awakening from about 5 to 6 hours of disturbed sleep i still feel amazing and energized. and in addition to that i have a slightly raised anxiety level which leaves me randomly sweaty all over sometimes during the day. amp x200b would tegretol, lithium or gabapentin be a good medication to mention to my psych when i visit them next? i mean i'm just fishing for options because i don't want to take aps but i still obviously need something for the manic side of things. i should mention i have a similar experience on anti depressants because they make me unable to sleep without pills so i'm starting to think i will need something for mania and depression.
spending relationships at what point have you brought up the topic of impulsive spending with your partner? i ve been with my partner for about a year and a half and we currently live together. i m very open about bp and he s supportive, but i can t get myself to bring up the topic of finances. he knows i ve struggled before from past manic episodes, but he doesn t know the extent of the damage those did to my bank account. i struggle with feelings of shame and most of the time i would rather suffer in silence than let anyone know what s going on behind the scenes. how do i tell someone that i m in credit card debt although not much rn thankfully but i keep spending and making it worse? i feel like it s trying to explain how addiction works to someone who s never experienced it. i don t want him to see me as irresponsible or look at me differently idk maybe i m just in my head
i feel like bipolar is ignored. anyone know any good mental health nonprofits that actually support bipolar? i've liked twloha since i was in high school because of their dedication to preventing suicide and they were really connected to the music scene i was into, but now as i'm older and diagnosed, i'll listen to their podcasts and watch their social media and there's nothing that ever acknowledges bipolar. just depression and anxiety. i feel like most organizations are this way. they support anxiety and depression because they're the trendy things to support while things like bipolar, borderline and schizophrenia are still too scary and inappropriate to mention. i'd really like to see an organization that recognizes bipolar and supports more mental illnesses than just depression and anxiety. anyone know of any good ones? in the us, so ones available in the us preferred.
seeing signs from the universe everywhere. 1 11 2 22 3 33 4 44 5 55 every time i look at the time. opened reddit while contemplating how unhealthy cigarettes are as i m smoking first thing i read is a showerthought about how no other industry could survive after killing over 400 million people besides cigarettes. was talking to my wife about how i ve been seeing multiples of 11 everywhere and she says someone gave me a book today and pulls out a book which has the subtitle the meaning of 111,222,333 and other number sequences i know this is a symptom and i m probably ramping up to being hypomanic, but the cognitive difference between understanding that and my experience of actually seeing it and feeling like the universe is trying to tell me something is a real mind fuck. hope you all are having productive and meaningful days. this sub definitely gets me through most days.
my brother is manic, how do i help hi guys, using a throwaway. recently my brother got into a fight with his girlfriend and i feel like he's super manic right now. he just bought a 20,000 bmw after trading in his volkswagon, bought 1,000 of gucci stuff, traded in his phone for an iphone x, and is just acting strangely. he's being rude to my mom saying really hurtful things for no reason to her, i just want to see how i can help get him back to baseline. he planned a trip with his gf to leave to florida which had been planned back before he started acting like this and my mom and i feel nervous about him going. it's not like we can force him to stay because he's 21 he's an adult but still. all of this is really stressful for everyone involved so i wanted to see how some of you have coped with this in the past or if anyone has advice for how to help him through this. thanks
5 years today marks 5 years without being inpatient, which is a huge achievement for me. i spent a lot of time inpatient as a young adult. i probably spent more time as an inpatient than out between 17 19 years old, and then in and out for years after that. i've had some close calls with manic episodes but i've managed to keep things from getting to the point where it's a crisis. i'm proud of myself! it also marks 5 years of keeping the same career choice which is another huge one for me. i used to flip flop and jump from job to job so much. i'm glad i was finally ablation to find something i enjoyed, which probably helped keep my episodes from being as serious as before. you can do it! it's possible, even if things seem bleak. 12 years ago i tried to kill myself and was ready to die and even though sometimes those feelings return i know it's just the bipolar and not me.
tips for severe depression? hello! i've been in a very suicidal depressive cycle for about two months now, and i'm just...stuck. i have some coping mechanisms that work for my usual level of depression, but nothing seems to be helping this time. i'm making sure i eat semi regularly, taking my meds, getting sleep, and trying to keep myself distracted with old hobbies even if they're not enjoyable, it does take my mind off things for a bit . i'm currently trying to get into meditation mindfulness at the suggestion of my therapist but it's proving to be a bit difficult so far i've used headspace and calm . a solid exercise schedule seems really daunting near impossible right now, but i'm planning on taking my dog for a walk tomorrow if it doesn't rain. does anyone have anything that helped them get out of a severe depressive state? thank you and sorry for the wall of text!
newly diagnosed bipolar looking for support and somewhere to vent all of my social media platforms are shared with family and friends, have nowhere to openly rant about society. so here i am! almost two months ago i finally got my diagnosis after years of instability. learning to live a different routined life has been a challenge. i wake up to a handful of medications and see a therapist now weekly. most of it isn't a big deal. i've known about my mental health for as long as i can i can remember. now, it's coming out of the bipolar closet . my meds give me a rash on my chest that is extremely noticeable, but they keep me stable. i am emotional and cry, but i was so depressed that i hadn't cried in a year. i don't really know where i'm going with this. but, what helps you? what calms your manic episodes? what gets you out of been when your depression wins the battle?
meds rollercoaster so i think i've been on pretty much all the antipsychotics now. right now i'm on latuda before it was abilify before that it was geodone. the list goes on. my libido has gone in the toilet the last year or so. my doc says could be the dopamine being suppressed. so now he's added wellbutrin to the mix. it's been only one day but i've gotta say i'm getting really sick of these meds and the side effects. i really hope my sexdrive comes back. if it doesn't i think i may consider just white knuckling it and getting off all this crap. i've been on meds since 2001. started with risperdal. hate that crap. i swear my fingers got fat on that stuff. has anyone been through this low libido stuff ? is there any hope ? has anyone been on an antipsychotic and had wellbutrin added to the mix ? what were the results. looking for any kind of advice or input. thanks
choosing between physical and mental health. i was having severe stomach problems, so my physical doc took me off my vraylar cold turkey and the results weren't good. when i felt better, i wrote an essay about it and other things, health care, the ability to talk to your loved ones when in crisis, etc recently published by as it ought to be magazine. i'm bipolar 1 and a poet and essayist. i wasn't diagnosed until 45 years old. before then life was a heck of a roller coaster. i'm mostly high functioning now. i work as an english prof. happy world bipolar day! https asitoughttobemagazine.com 2019 03 29 frankly im not doing well by daniel crocker ?fbclid iwar1ab aqbultejipzwwbkbsrxg6mato6fjvvob89hwfnvy8bxwgvwfzmnde https asitoughttobemagazine.com 2019 03 29 frankly im not doing well by daniel crocker ?fbclid iwar1ab aqbultejipzwwbkbsrxg6mato6fjvvob89hwfnvy8bxwgvwfzmnde
anyone else use domesticated rats as emotional support animals? i have bipolar and my partner has depression and ptsd. he has tried many of the strong antidepressants. not much effect. he recalled that, when he was a child of 10, he had a pet rat whom he very much loved. a few days ago some extra money came our way and we decided to acquire two rats as pets for him and, secondarily, for me . bust my buttons! he has been engaged, task oriented, energized, calm all since the rat adoption. today we got a third because well, how could we resist. he has been playing with the rats, feeding them, tending to them, and just letting them ride in the hood of his sweatshirt. i have not seen him this euthymic and equable since august. does anyone else have a similar story about rats as emotional support animals? or emotional support animals that have had as dramatic an effect?
bipolar help i was on abilify for months, stopped it because i was about to cancel my costly insurance and abilify wasn't really doing anything felt the same and the ex cost about 600 a month out of pocket. now i'm in bed for days, haven't showered for weeks this time longer than usual and by the way does anyone have a problem with not showering? what is up with that? the family is in my face about not getting out of bed my dad says he is more depressed than me but gets out of bed. and last night i relapsed and took some of my sisters narc for her wisdom teeth extraction . the mom found out, told the dad and they are so pissed that their middle age daughter that is here with them because of a longer sad story is pulling this pathetic shit and that i owe them to get better already. i'm just starting a new job and need to snap out of my manic stage? any advice???
lithium thirst so i started taking lithium extended release about 1.5 months ago, i m currently on 800mg divided into 2 doses per day, as well as 50mg quetiapine. and the thirst i m experiencing is insane. every time i drink, i chug the water the way someone would after a marathon. i wake up at least once at night to drink, and obv to go to the bathroom. what i m more worried about now is that i m muslim and we just started ramadan, our fasting month, where we have a 14h period of fasting aka no food or water at all. i tried to drink as much water as i could during the feasting period, i also had juice, soup, yogurt, tea but i just woke up, and i m thirsty as helll, and we re 8 hours away from eating. is there anything i could do to make this easier? or do i just have to live with it? i don t want to switch to other meds since these are working nicely for me.
head noise, intrusive thoughts, obsessive thinking anybody else feel like their brain is bombarding them constantly? it s 3 major things for me 1. music in my head. all the time, non stop. sometimes it s a real song, sometimes it s a song i made up in my head. sometimes it s a song i like, sometimes it s super annoying even my own songs . 2. intrusive thoughts. could be anything from violent and disturbing images to something super benign. i have a bag of mamma chia brand chia seeds, every time i see i think mamma chia, mamma chia figaro. 3. obsessive thinking. i ll become interested in a subject to the point where i can t stop thinking about it. i ll try to focus on something else, but i creeps back in and i wind up reading the same wikipedia article 100 times instead of doing what i m supposed to be doing. just wanted to see if anyone can relate to this.
is this normal rage? sometimes, at work especially, when something doesn t work right or takes too long or interrupts my thoughts, i feel a rage pent up and its like i cannot stop myself from hitting something or myself, or breaking the object im holding. for example, i have broken equipment at work just by smashing it against the wall, and have bruised myself up in the process via punching myself, hitting things. luckily ive never been caught, but its only a matter of time. some co workers have even seen me hit the wall, and throw objects work before. im usually quite jolly so they probably think im nuts . i don t always feel particularly unstable, im usually on edge anyways, but it feels like im normal and yet i know this cannot be totally normal. anyone else deal with this or have any advice on how to calm down before getting physical? 29yrs bipolar 1
bipolar and shift work...thoughts please hi i understand that its not the best idea to work shifts like a 2 day ,then 2 over night then 4 days off. but i need to do this for my job. if i stay on my lithium and use other drugs as needed like sleeping pills or antipsychotics to make sure i sleep after backshifts i think ill be fine. keep in mind i will be very carful of getting the rest is need and that after the 2 backshift i will have 4 days off. so in total of 8 days only 2 of them i will be working overnight. also keep in mind that i have been working a 6am start shift every second week and 10am the next week for 5 years and get up at 5am for that somtimes after only 4 or 5 hours sleep and have done fine. it seems to be mostly getting stressed and not taking meds drinking too much coffee or drinks that has cause me problems in the past thoughts please
they they don t like me when i m depressed, they don t like me when i m manic why does the way i act put everyone in a panic fuck, this is the way that i am they just wanna medicate and slaughter the lamb i m a pure soul my rhymes got that sick flow what you fronting for mood like a revolving door and i don t even care used to smoke blunts and blow it in the air but they don t like that either had to give up the weed and the ether so here i am numb just the way you like me won t scare anyone won t just do it like nike so i ll go through the motions although they still have their notions thought i would ride til i die in my dreams i can still fly anything to feel alive but they took away my keys so i can t drive so i guess i ll express myself as a poet i m still the shit don t care if you know it just another face in the crowd hide me away in a shroud
tambel ramble for over a week i've wanted to post or talk to someone, but every time i've tried i haven't been able to put forth the energy. it's almost been a year since we lost our son late miscarriag and i've been a complete mess this month. i started skipping sleep, over eating, and probably on purpose induced a hypomanic episode. now i've spent nearly 4k in credit that we can't pay back. i had started mildly hallucinating, picking fights with everyone bit especially my so and am worried i damaged that...over all just being a complete idiot. today, i'm coming down, i guess, and the depression is hitting hard. the worse part is, i never did feel any better, just able to hide it more easily. i miss my son, i feel alone, i'd kill myself but i don't really see the point of that either. don't worry about commenting back. just wanted to say this stuff.
new bp1 i was recently admitted for a short involuntary stay at the county hospital psychiatric ward. my s o took me because i had a breakdown last monday amp cut myself and was threatening suicide and really wanted it. i was so scared and angry with my s o for forcing me to go. i was screaming and crying. the hospital itself was dirty and it was overcrowded. i slept for 12 hours and then woke up to be told i was being admitted to my surprise because despite my arm being cut up i felt okay and wanted to go home. the unit i was taken to was the only available one and it was a schizophrenic unit. wow the things i saw and experienced were remarkable. i left with a bipolar 1 diagnosis and it makes a lot of sense to me and am started on latuda for about a week now and don t feel any different. cut again on monday. hoping for a break in this depression. ?
is feeling like someone or something isn't quite real to me a sign of something? if so what? i started lithium 450mg a week ago today. on sunday night i wrote gt good. but i've noticed all day and a little bit yesterday that it's weird that other creatures people are alive. i have looked at my dog a few times and my brain is confused that she is real. that's probably not good? the feeling thought fades and doesn't worry me. i'm not getting manic about it. like, i don't gaf that it happened. whatever. i believe she's real. i'm taking my meds. so i'm confused as to why that would happen. nothing else weird had happened. i was with my husband all day and he didn't notice anything strange. is that a normal feeling to have or is it something that comes along with having bipolar? im sure if it is it will continue to fade as i level out my lithium levels.
could my depakote have caused depression? long story short i've been on depakote with a few others in cocktail for a while. hit year long depression that has just stuck. doctors and i have been working on it but nothing seemed to work. pdoc and i determined depakote speed working for me so i'm switching to lithium. now that i'm titrating off of depakote i'm already starting to feel a tiny bit better. it's too early for the lithium to be kicking in... i don't feel 100 but i don't wake up wanting to die or hating the world. i googled it but didn't see anything about it causing depression. i've had my levels checked regularly and recently and they were on the low side of normal healthy so it's not poisoning. anyone experience increased depression on it? i know ultimately it won't matter for me because i'm coming off of it but i'm curious nonetheless.
not sleeping on new meds i recently changed meds from olanzapine to vraylar because of side effect issues. i used to be on seroquel until i got tardive dyskinesia. the past couple of weeks since i changed medications, i've noticed that i feel on edge and wired for no reason. i fall asleep eventually, but wake up 3 4 hours later feeling wide awake like someone gave me a shot of epinephrine. minus feeling on edge, my mood is more or less fine not up or down too much . despite not really sleeping much i usually need 8 hours to feel human in the morning , i am awake and fully functional during the day. should i be worried that this is the start of a manic or more likely hypomanic episode, or is this likely just me adjusting to my new medication? i am also on other meds that help stabilize my mood lithium and lamictal so this is an adjunct medication.
recently diagnosed hey, everyone. i recently received a diagnosis of bipolar disorder way back in september . even with this, i was in denial, but now i'm accepting that i need to take the lamotrigine perscribed to me. it's all new and scary. i still don't know which one i have, so i will ask in my follow up. but i'm ready to tackle this issue i've been dealing with for years. sometimes i still doubt myself and think that it's normal depression. is this common to feel that way? i'm in my head a lot, get distracted easy when i know i have a job to get done, and cry easily when upset or get triggered fairly quickly even when i promise myself to hold it together. i'm also wondering how the pills will make me feel. if anyone can give me insight on how their treatment has been working for them, that would help me not feel so lonely. thanks in advance.
shortened medical leave background information i was diagnosed with bipolar type ii back in september and i work as a teacher. recently i experienced the worst depressive episode of my life which forced me to apply for medical leave. today my leave was accepted but only from march 6th earlier this month to april 6th. my doctor and i agreed that taking the remainder of the school year off was in my best interest and the paperwork my doctor submitted reflected that. is it normal for only a fraction of the specified leave time to be approved? i was told i can apply for an extension but it's just filling out the same exact form with the same exact information. i'm terrified that my leave won't be extended and i'll either have to quit my job or force myself to go back much earlier than anticipated. any insight would be greatly appreciated. thank you.
vyvanse and bipolar 2 i don t have adhd or binge eating disorder, let me preface this with that. i recently did some genetic testing through my psychiatrist and the results came back that i would highly benefit from stimulants, if i had the need to take them. also said i should never take ssris and all atypical antipsychotics will make me gain weight fun facts i know it s very uncommon, and i ve read some horrible things about having bipolar and taking stimulants mania, psychosis, etc but my pdoc put me on 20mg to see if it could help with my cognitive and executive function. does anyone have experience with taking vyvanse without one of the regular prescribed diagnosis? also, if you take vyvanse just in general, how did you deal with the crash? first day taking it and i feel like hell, it s been about 10 11 hours since i took it now. thanks!!
feeling guilty i have fmla and i took a day today because it was impossible to get out of bed. i felt foggy and extremely apathetic. i'm going through a tough depressive episode after just having a mixed episode. my fiance never misses a day even when hes sick. i feel like a loser who can't suck it up and go to work. i work on the phones for mail order pharmacy. you have to be on your toes because of high call volume and doctors and nurses can be fucking ruthless. ive tried moving departments but i have to get a note from my therapist who i can't get a hold of. i know the stress from my job is triggering these episodes. i was doing better with my old position before i got certified. then they moved me to this other department and its 10 hours a day at a desk on the phones. am i just being a baby? how do you guys handle work and being bipolar?
struggling to keep friendships and being social i received my bipolar diagnosis last year and it s been really affecting my friendships. i ve managed to break every bond i once had and now i feel like i ll never be able to make these type of connections again. i understand that people grow apart, life gets busy, and sometimes it s better to be alone. i value my alone time, especially now that i m learning to love this new version of me. however, i don t want to be lonely is it bad that i can t keep friendships? i often ask myself if i m just a bad friend or even a bad person because i can t keep friends. i see my partner and their friend group and i just wish i had people like that. they make it look so easy, while i m over here overthinking everything i said or did or if i overshared and overwhelmed them does it ever get better? any advice ?
probably the most ridiculous way of fighting my negative thoughts first off, i've been a queen fan since my early childhood. i probably knew all the lyrics to bohemian rhapsody by four or five. i was as much of a fan as any poor kid whose family couldn't afford a cd player, and was limited to the radio and her parents cassette tapes could be. the movie was right up my alley. anyways, a pattern of my depressive episodes, combined with my comorbids, is the worse, most negative, loathsome thought patterns, often about my physical appearance. to combat this, i have given my attempts at more positive self talk the most flamboyant, happy freddie mercury voice and wordings i can imagine. and it's working. yeah, it's really, really weird and kinda stupid, but until i can stand on my own two feet, one of my childhood idols can ight the demons for me.
bipolar depression got off meds 3 years ago i randomly get this overwhelming feeling of deep disgust when i get reminded i have a functioning body full of organs and tissue etc and i get this urge to just rip out everything i ve come close to it once but i m usually around people since i lack any privacy anywhere which i m not complaining to a extent but i had this same breakdown in front of my new bf and couldn t stop crying i tried to explain the fear and disgust but he was super freaked out and couldn t understand i don t understand it myself i just recently signed up for therapy again since i ve noticed more frequent episodes but therapy doesn t give me answers why i feel this way and i i m constantly asking myself questions and it causes migraines frequently my brain is so fried at this point i feel like it s just lying to me constantly
an ode to my wonderful sister growing up i was a monster. i can say that now with hindsight. i don't care to get too into the details. my sister, despite all of my bullshit i put her through, has always been there. and continues to be. i truly don't know how i'm so blessed. when i was diagnosed she did the research to understand what it meant, why i can behave the way i do, trying to fully understand me. she's the only one i don't get snappy with when i'm in an episode. the only one who can talk me down. she's my go to when i need to chat to stay grounded... and she's not afraid to reality check or shut me down when i'm completely out of line. when i'm depressed, she calls, texts, or comes to visit for welfare checks. she knows more about me than anyone else in my family. she's a wonderful angel i never deserved, and i love her very much.
reducing lamotrigine while manic? i've been manic since mid december. it's getting stronger and stronger. so i finally got to see psychiatrist today and told him all about the mania, the hyposexuality, the non stop, rapid thoughts, the fact that i'm sleeping between 3 and 5 hrs a night...all the good stuff. i went of lithium because it was making me super flat and lifeless. he wants me to reduce my lamotrigine. he said it might be what's making me go up and down in the last week i've been quite depressed in the morning but it's gone by lunch time . does this sound normal? i was really surprised that he wants to reduce the only mood stabiliser that i'm still on. is it going to make the mania worse? is it going to make me more susceptible to depression? looking for personal experience and opinion, i know this isn't the place for med advice.
is this masking? i was spending time with a friend today, felt totally normal and good in the conversation, im very close to her and feel very comfortable. then one of our other friends came over that i m still comfortable with, but not as comfortable and i noticed it wasn t as easy for me. it felt like i was trying so hard to be present, that i wasn t present. like i was putting so much energy into having energy and smiling and being engaged but i wasn t. i felt off, weird, and robotic. i feel like this happens a lot to me whenever i hang out with other people who aren t my usual group of 3 friends, even if i am comfortable with them. or even sometimes in group settings when i can t keep up with the energy of the group or my energy is too big in the group, but not so much one on one. any idea why this is happening to me? is this masking?
i think the worst thing about being bipolar is the mania vent? i ve dealt with depression a lot. i hate it but it s my normal. i recently went through 5 months of mania where i acted horrible. i did everything except have delusions of grandeur. i ended up being sexually assaulted which i believe shocked me out of it. i could ve really hurt someone or even gotten myself killed. now anytime i m in a good mood i start panicking and crying thinking it s coming back. that was my first manic episode and i was on a lot of cymbalta during it. i also wasn t officially diagnosed until after the fact. im dealing with aftermath of my bad decisions and will be for at least a couple years because of the debt i racked up. i ve been depressed all my life. mania, however, scares me more than anything. i m fairly certain that s not the general consensus.
nurse on night shift hi everyone. i'm just no sure what i should do and i'd love some input especially if there are any nurses on here . i am graduating from nursing school in may. i already have a job lined up on a floor where i already work as a secretary. i've always worked days. when i start working as an rn, i'll probably have the option to work days 7am 7pm or nights 7pm to 7am . i still don't know which to choose. i know that working nights is generally a bad idea when you have a mental illness because it messes up your circadian rhythm. but days are faster paced and higher stress and i know that high stress is also bad i you have a mental illness. either way, i'm screwed, but i really want this job. i'd love some insight from anyone who has experience with this. do i a pick high stress job days or a messed up schedule nights ?
high from impulse spending hey y all . been thinking about my experiences and reflecting on my behavior and actions prior to being medicated. not gonna lie, still have some denial.. you know the i m not bipolar thoughts . however i take my meds because i know deep down there is some truth to the diagnosis . anyone ever used to get a high when they bought stuff? i used to get this insane rush when i would buy things and spend money frivolously prior to being medicated. i did get myself into financial trouble. now that i m medicated, when i look at things to potentially buy i almost have the opposite feeling. i get out off by it all. anyone else notice that after being medicated? just curious. also anyone ever miss the high ? i sure as heck don t want to go back to that but on occasion i do miss that feeling, as weird as that sounds.
i think i m having an episode or some shit they want to put me back on meds and for a long time i was really really happy and fine without them now i m so scared and freaked out because i m feeling really overwhelmed by this illness or whatever i have literally all the symptoms and i just thought i was misdiagnosed for a long time and i don t understand and there s too much stuff online and i don t know who i can trust online or in the real world and i feel like it s concrete that i am crazy and i thought i was doing so good and i was normal and i think that i m just freaking myself out and it s impairing my ability to function and i have stuff to do! i ve worked really hard to try to rebuild my life that i fucked up and i am not going to let anything ruin that!! i m sorry if this is a little much, i m just really upset right now.
i m so tired of feeling sad i just found out my dog died so that added an extra layer of sadness. i m just crying nonstop now. i feel like despite improving my circumstances and getting the help i needed, this sadness is unshakable. it feels almost like a failure, that i m still so sad. i see my trauma everywhere. the cycle keeps repeating again and again i don t want to enter another depressive episode, again not knowing how fucking long it ll last and fearing i ll be depressed forever. the anger and fear associated with my ptsd is mostly gone, thankfully. i just want to know how to change my life. how do i stop feeling sad all the time? despite being on four different medications, i m still not really functioning. i m doing much better than i was and i m grateful for that, but sometimes.. i don t know if this effort is worth it.
is this normal? i feel like i have a burning sensation in my chest and my head. i feel like i drank 3 cups of coffee, but also drank some wine. i am energetic, but sad. i am restless and i want to cry. i want to yell, hurt and tear into everyone and my impulses seem to be more in control than my logic. i can't focus, am floating. impulsive, anxious, agitated, afraid, sad, paranoid, i am feeling everything at once. most of all i want to find a hole and hide until it passes. no meds, don't drink coffee, don't drink alcohol. i have a hard time coping when this happens and it happens to varying degrees often. this is the worst one this year due to stress. i hate feeling like this. edit fyi, not self diagnosing. i don't know how to cope with this. i didn't catch it in time, yelled tore into my wife and now i feel even more depressed.
trying sobriety... again i think we all know how drinking goes with bipolar. it only makes things worse. i used to get drunk every day and had to detox several times before my diagnosis. since then i've switched to binge drinking like once a week, and it's getting out of control. i'm not taking my meds consistently, my mood is all over the place, i'm paranoid as hell and having near constant panic attacks. so i haven't had anything to drink since sunday, and i got a prescription for naltrexone which i'm taking religiously. i absolutely hate aa and don't have other in person options in my area, and i don't want people close to me to know how bad it's gotten again, so i feel really alone in this. i have a great therapist and we talked about it today but if anyone has any tips or general encouragement i'd seriously appreciate it.
i m falling deep into this hole.. after what i believe has been a 9 month of having an elevated mood... i m crashing so hard right now. i haven t smoked in 7 years and here i am, smoking again. i have no will to keep going. i can t stop all this destructive behavior. i want to od so bad. i want to die. i want to sleep and not wake up. i don t know what to do anymore. nothing seems to have a point. there s no rhyme or reason in this life and i just want it to all stop.. i can t keep having this happen. even when i m hypomanic, i still hate myself when i realize how crazy i was being... my husband just sees it as me going through an episode again... just shrugs his shoulders and tells me it will get better. it s never going to get better. i m going to keep cycling through this shit all my life. up and down and up and down. fuck.
thank god for my wife so today i was supposed to go get our niece's car, take my kids to the doctor, go to best buy my kids cashed out some stocks they got when they were born and wanted to get a few things , and run a few other errands. i get easily overwhelmed just taking my kids to school. i can power through that but just barely. all this other activity plus driving a car i want no responsibility for in the rain had me going bat shit crazy. add to that i don't have my buspar right now. so i start ugly crying cause i can't just power through it. my wife holds me, tells me it will be okay, and calls in sick to work to handle things. thank goodness that her boss is very understanding and they have a very liberal call in policy. so here's to all the spouses who deal with us and are extra supportive through all our emotions.
need help with partner i m in a relationship now that started while i was manic. during mania i get the usual symptoms where i m hypersexual and a dick to everyone. now i m still with her and she s getting to know the real me where i actually have a low libido bc of all the meds i m on. now she thinks it s bc i m no longer attracted to her that i don t really want to have sex. she also is still really into telling me about how much of a dick i was to her in the beginning. idk i know i was terrible and i apologize for it all a lot and feel truly terrible but i don t know what to do. i m starting to think she s just better off with someone else who hasn t hurt her. i need advice from anyone for how to deal with having hurt a partner during a manic phase. by hurt i don t mean physically but like emotionally and stuff. thanks.
made process ln acceptance and combating shame i've always been the type of guy who tried to hide my diagnosis, like if nobody knew it wouldn't exist or something i just got disability for my bipolar 1 and have made a lot of progress in seeing myself as equal to others even as someone who has struggled with mental health i was talking with someone at my gym and they asked me what i did for a living a question i used to fear extremely since i had to stop working i was able to tell the upfront truth to them that i was getting disability for problems with mental health. i wasn't hesitant with the truth, didn't downplay my diagnosis or make a cheap joke about it. i know for others to accept me, i have to accept myself, i've made a lot of progress in that regard, it may be the best thing i've done for myself in a very long time
dealing w mania? hey all, i m new to this.. i ve had a few acute psychotic episodes manic episodes over the last three years.. all of which have resulted in a short term stay in hospital. i ve lost a long term relationship and left jobs because my delusions feel so real to me ridiculous in hindsight but they feel real and i cannot help but believe them during these times . i ve resorted to moving home to my parents, and am trying to find a new job whilst learning more about myself my question is does anybody have advice for how to keep it together while in mania? the medication i am given at the hospital usually makes me aggressive and labile and i can t bare to go through these episodes for the rest of my life, i m beginning to think i ll never settle down or have children because i can t get it together.. ty in advance x
tw suicide seeing a new therapist. how much do i need to dance around my suicidal ideation? i've been on medication for more than a decade at this point but i've been resistant to seeing a therapist. up until now i've felt like i've had this under control but my medication is being adjusted and some new pressure in my life has put me in a bad place. in previous years i have had minor suicidal ideation but recently it's gotten really bad. i need to talk to someone about it, but i don't want to be involuntarily committed, so i'm trying to make sure i phrase my concerns in such a way that i'm not going to get 302'd. i have a plan, but i don't have, at the moment, the means to execute it by design . however i could get everything into place in under 24 hours if i decided to. is mentioning that going to land me in a psych ward?
i just need a little support i have bipolar 2, but since i was properly diagnosed and medicated 3 years ago, things have been pretty amazing. if it wasn't for the reminder of taking my meds, i probably would have forgot i even have it by now. but right now i am having an issue with a boss at work and it is really throwing me for a tail spin. at least before when i had crazy anxiety i was used to it, but given how stable i've been the last few years it's so overwhelming. it's a tough situation without a possible solution at the moment i'm basically just caught in the crossfire of my two bosses fighting with each other and it's so tense and uncomfortable here that i feel totally out of control. it's very nerve wracking and i don't remember how to handle this much anxiety. any advice or kind words would be much appreciated.
weight gain making me depressed. any tips? i have been on lithium and citalopram for 2 years. i feel so much better. my depressive and aggressive are almost gone. they have only happened twice. my manic episodes are still there midly. overall my mind is amazing. my mind is so healthy. i haven't felt aggressive or suicidal thoughts in over a year and my constant worrying is much better. but, i've gained nearly 30 lbs and i am so self conscious. i feel like i did before i started my lithium. i'm so depressed. i hate leaving the house and looking in the mirrow. i feel my weight everywhere i go. any tips to anyone feeling the same? i exercise daily and eat healthy. i allow myself to eat unealthy once a week. i run and hike. i am not looking to stop my lithium because i feel so much better mentally. can someone please help me
i'm trying to create a new podcast the mental health podcast i need your suggestions! the mental health podcast is a podcast talking about anything and everything mental health. we're going to take deep dives into various mental health issues faced by people around the world, be sharing opinions and viewpoints of people who struggle from these mental health issues, or just talking about how we have been this week. before i write my first episode or second the first would probably be an introduction , i would love to have suggestions on what i should talk about. these can be suggestions for deep dives into factual issues like 'what is depression?', your opinion or viewpoint, your story or anything else. i don't want to narrow the scope too much. please leave your suggestions as a comment! https twitter.com the mh podcast
mania and crafts i'm awake. i have been wide awake since 3 am. i know that it is in part due to my maybe? hopefully? tapering off mania and in part my new med. i have so many craft, gift, and furniture rearrangement ideas. they're all floating in and out of my brain and they all sound amazing it is absolute torture that i need to wait another 6 hours for the fabric store to open and before anyone gets too concerned i only need a yard and a quarter of fabric so hopefully it's a cheap visit. if my husband wasn't asleep right now i'd be taking furniture apart right now to fill the time and to make getting it downstairs easier. if my gym was open i could fill this time productively, or at least in a hot tub. ugh. how do you guys fill up antsy hours? it's been a long time since the 3am gotta make shit style mania hit me.
have you been in involuntary assistant outpatient treatment? take our survey. hi all, madinamerica.com is conducting a survey of people who have been court ordered or compelled to be in involuntary assistant outpatient treatment iot aot . you can take the survey here. https www.madinamerica.com involuntary outpatient survey if you aren't sure what involuntary assisted outpatient treatment is, here's a quick overview outpatient commitment also called assisted outpatient treatment aot or a community treatment order cto refers to a civil court procedure wherein a judge orders an individual diagnosed with severe a mental disorder who is experiencing a psychiatric crisis that requires intervention to adhere to an outpatient treatment plan designed to prevent further deterioration that is harmful to themselves or others.
should i have waited out this depressive episode to decide whether to end it with my boyfriend? i ve got bipolar 1, psychoaffective with rapid cycling. emphasis on the rapid cycling. my relationship with a person i really love was going amazing but in the past few months i ve gotten increasingly depressed. i decided that i didn t want to be a burden on my boyfriend anymore so i broke up with him over the phone last night. it was super out of the blue and i instantly regretted it. i can t tell if i made the right decision though. if you love something let it free? i m the worst right now. we re in our mid 20s. i don t want this incredible person to waste any more time with this worthless version of myself. i love being with him and i want to be with him. but i don t know if i can handle friendship or love right now.
i don't get this thing happening right now. ok. there's a celebrity that i think is very hot, and i'd love to go out on a date with him. so in my head i wrote an email to approach him, fantasized on him coming to my house to pick me up, what i would say during the date. and this is now stuck in my head. after 3 or 4 days of thinking feeling having this fantasy, i've accepted that this is sooo impossible it's not funny. but why am i getting obsessive? i would check the mail every few hours in a day hoping he'd answer. i would cry a little bit knowing that he would reply that i'm not good enough, in his circles, too crazy. logic says i want the impossible. my brain keeps going over this. i'm looking at all his pics on the net. i want to know what he smells like. this is all irrational. and it's not going away. wtf?
in a bout of mania and can t sleep. this just made it for me. everybody hurts. post in comments https youtu.be ssocixu2fpi everybody hurts to have to wake up everyday and value your worth and self is a struggle on its own. i applaud every person with a mental illness and it s an absolute struggle to make your every day life normal. i hate that word normal but it is used so frequently. an illness that is not apparent to every day society is still an illness. i am so thankful that people have an outlet to a place like reddit for emotional support. i appreciate you guys and i hope you guys understand the impact that this community has had on a lot of different people. just keep humble and amazing and keep humanity going. everybody hurts and you are worth it. keep swimming with this. i ll swim with you. all the way.
any bipolar moms here. need reassurance. i m currently pregnant. i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder unspecified because my mood swings are super quick. i ll go from manic to depressive in a few hours. im currently what i call stable on 200mgs of lamictal but i m terrified of what may happen after i give birth. i know ppd with psychosis is higher risk in bipolar moms and i m scared because i want my baby more than i ve ever wanted anything and the thought of losing her or causing her harm scares me. did anyone here either deal with pp psychosis or not have any issues at all after delivery? i ve already planned on staying with my mom while my fiance is at work once she s here so i won t be alone just in case and my doctor is aware of my situation and is planning to see me after she s here but it s still a fear.
how do i make friends as someone with bipolar social anxiety? i've never really had a best friend, and at most i've had like 2 3 good friends and then a bunch of people who i'm friendly with but would never interact with outside of school college . i'm worried my bipolar is scaring people away. i feel like even thought most people don't know i have bipolar they know something is wrong with me it drives them away. i'm eccentric, show up having a completely different mood than the day before...typical bipolar stuff and i just feel like people know i'm not right. or maybe there's other reasons i'm not good at having best friends. out of my two closest friends, i guarantee i am in neithers top 3, top 5 maybe not even top 10. not even being self depricating i know it's true how can i be closer friends with people?
new pdoc today i see a new one today bc my other one sucks and she spends only 5 mins with me over the phone and then charges my ins for a med visit and a therapy session. i am not sure if i am even on the right meds. i take wellbutrin 150mg, lamictal 150mg, zyprexa 2.5mg and zoloft 50mg i am aware of these being super low doses and i guess i need to go up on them. or go on something better. the symptoms i feel are emotions all over the place, anger, talking a lot of shit and causing drama. talking a lot in general, crying episodes but then fine and happy the next day. i guess this is a mixed episode. i also am struggling with cannabis addiction. stressed beyond belief bc of my job boss retaliating against me. considering a medical leave from work. looking for feedback and if someone relates to any of this?
just diagnosed hello, i was just diagnosed and have been looking back at my life realizing exactly when my episodes really impacted my life. i have had months of extra energy and lofty goals followed by failure when i am unable to continue. usually the cycle is 3 6 months at a time it seems. since being diagnosed i noticed one day where i was manic in a long depressive streak, so my question is what is typical for cycles? can i have a 3 hour manic episode? is it just rare when im having a long streak? trying to get a grip since this day was very embarrasing and has caused me so much trouble. is month cycles more common or just day to day? and i just want to say this fucking sucks. all my time is spent trying to be like i am when i'm manic and now i find out its a bad thing. this was the best part of myself.
wrong medicine so i shared in my first post here that my dr put me on latuda to help control my bpd symptoms. i went 3 days with it, nothing major had the hypersalivation that's listed and some good sleep finally . then my body seemed to betray itself, violently getting sick to the point of dehydration and muscle cramps that took surgical grade narcotics to calm my body down from. turns out i am 1 150 that have a sensitivity to one of the ingredients in the medicine. i have now been switched to vraylar, tonight is day 1. hopefully it helps silence the million voices in my head and let's me sleep and keeps me from having any violent side effects. sorry if i'm just rambling on, ive noticed this is one of the safer places to talk about these things without judgement or being approached by the internet dr.s .
hello i'm new to this particular sub, but have been a member of the other one for a little while now. i was diagnosed bipolar 2 in september of last year. before that it was depression, anxiety and ocd. i've been going through a really bad depressive episode here lately. i'm on cymbalta, buspar and seroquel. the seroquel actually helps...not so sure about the other two. i'm often overcome with feelings of hopelessness and, to a degree, don't want to leave my house. the ocd has been kicking in hard, too. i wake up every morning with this sense of dread and anxiety which i have to grit my teeth through. i'm unemployed and nothing that i used to like doing brings me joy anymore. i'm married, and my husband is awesome, but i feel like such a burden. anyways, it's good to know that there is a community for us.
how to ask for a reasonable accommodation? so basically i m asking for a reasonable accommodation tomorrow. i work in a job where i have the option to work from home two days a week. many of the offices in my company work from home three and four, some even five days a week. it s up to our individual office mine is two. when i go into the office i start work at 6am and leave my house at 450am which means i m up at 430am. i get home about 415 430pm. i work 9 hr days. problem is when i get up so early i fall into a depressive state and want to die. my boss is great and i have reason that i ll be approved for three days work from home i m just so nervous. i have no idea how to start the conversation. any ideas? i ve been here 4.5 years with the same management and my immediate boss knows i m bipolar. thanks!
little things mornings are rough for me. so i pick my clothes the night before i have to wake up early so i don t have to think about it. this morning the pants i chose were covered in lint and i couldn t find the lint roller. i started freaking out. felt like i was spiraling and even started crying because how u expected it was and it s hard for me to make decisions. now i want to have things ultra organized so i can try to stay in control of my enrionmsnt which can help me stay in control of my emotions. my bf witnessed my freak out and it s just so embarrassing. he doesn t say anything he just lets me self soothe unless i m having a really hard episode. hes still learning about my diagnosis. it s just so frustrating and it s hard to not judge and hate myself for not being able to control my reactions.
i hate myself for being psychotic i had a psychotic break six months ago and was diagnosed bipolar i... i spent 40 consecutive days in a mental hospital and have been depressed ever since. i used to have a ton of hobbies and interests, now all i do is work and sleep. i still feel so much guilt and shame over what i did when i was psychotic. i became convinced my mother is evil who's perfectly normal and sent crazy emails messages to so many people. i ruined a couple relationships i care about. i said so many disgusting things. how do you forgive yourself for being psychotic? rationally i guess it wasn't my fault but it really feels like i thought my way to this point. i'm not getting any less depressed taking lithium and seroquel daily... , in fact i feel like each new day i hate myself more. any advice?
zoloft inducing hypomania hi guys. ive recently 11 days ago started the antidepressant zoloft, and it caused a hypomanic episode that lasted about 4 days. let me just say, i have never felt so great in my life. it was such a relief from depression i just can't explain it. so on the last day of the hypomanic episode at night i smoked some weed, and the next day it was gone. i don't know if the weed caused that or not. my question here is, do you think it would be possible to come off the antidepressants for a week, then start them again so i can experience that high again? or maybe try some other ad's? yes, i understand this isn't healthy as such, but i would do just about anything to experience that again. please, if you have any knowledge or ideas with regard to this i would love you forever. thankyou
how do you guys manage a job? im 20 f, and i got dignosed with various mood disorders when i was 16. i m falling into some kind of weird mixed state. super high highs but just as bad lows. the lows don t last as long but they re just as severe. the highs are so high they are unbearable. i work at ups. i m a supervisor. i can t file for fmla because i haven t been there a year yet, but many of my higher ups know my situation. i can t just call off, i have employees to look after. i can t just not show up, either. i m stuck. i need time to sleep and see my new doctor next week. i m between doctor and medications, and i m doing all i can to help myself right now. i just can t control these emotions, these feelings, these things i thought i understood but suddenly lose grasp on when a trigger comes around.
i'll be without lithium until monday and other concerns i haven't had lithium for roughly 33 hours. i talked to my nurse at my psychiatrists and he said i should probably just feel irritable and offkilter idk what this means? until monday until i get my meds prescribed. are there any other side effects i should be on the look out for? however, doing research i found out about how toxic lithium can be to your kidneys and thyroid and whatnot. lithium works unbelievably well for me my moods are completely stable on lithium. how likely are these horrible side effects and i realize i should talk to my psych about this i see him tuesday but does anyone have any advice on this? should i stick with lithium or try something else? does anyone have any personal experience with lithium fucking them over medically?
how do you accept life the way it is? i feel like i m never going to have an actual support system or a life worth living. i ve been homeless for almost a year. finally got connected with a psychiatrist but he prescribed seroquel and i m terrified to take it because of the weight gain. i don t have any real life friends and my bf is great but doesn t fully understand how bad it is inside my head. i don t know how i m ever going to not live in my car because every time i have some money saved something happens. i guess i m just venting because i have nowhere else to talk to people who may understand. update found another organization that works with homeless people here so i just completed registration paperwork for that. they also provide mental health services so i m hoping they will be able to help
i don t want to die but i don t want to live it just doesn t feel like there s any way up. i ve been in law school for 3 years and it s been a struggle every day. trying to hold down 2 jobs right now to pay rent, but about to quit one because i just can t do it. everyone is telling i have to grind and not be lazy and i just feel like such a failure. i called out today because i can t eat, can t sleep, and feel like i m falling apart. i m seeing shit out of the corner of my eye all the time. constantly crying or or ready to start a fight. trying and failing every week to have a routine or be consistent with anything. i feel like i can never be a lawyer. i m just so tired and everyone i know thinks i m just lazy and dramatic. i don t want a lifetime of this. i hate that this is who i am now. rant over.
does anyone get voices in your head that seems like running commentary in various voices? sorry if i'm not describing it too well.... usually when i get auditory hallucinations they don't sound like they're coming from insidemy head, it might sound as though it's across the room. but recently i've been hypomanic and maybe even going towards manic the past few nights i've definitely been hearing things on and off but tonight i can't control what seems like this constant running commentary. i've been laying trying to sleep for nearly 4 hours so far and keep getting interrupted with multiple random conversation tid bits or shouting in various voices etc. i feel like my brain is going a million miles a minute! anyway i just want to know if anyone else knows what i'm talking about? i hope it makes sense.
how do i get my dad to stop spending money we don't have? my dad has bpd 1 and has always been super impulsive, but it's getting even worse. i won't go into specifics, but he is unemployed and spends majority of his time buying and reselling things online. the problem is that he doesn't have the money in the first place to be buying these things i just found out he has taken out 2 new credit cards this month alone just so he could charge them without going over the minimum. i've tried, endlessly, to talk to him and tell him this isn't normal or healthy but he considers it to be his occupation and will not listen. he is majorly in debt, and if anything happens to him which wouldn't be surprising based on all of his health complications , my family takes on all of his debt. i'm scared. what do i do?
pre shift anxiety so i work for a starbucks inside albertsons. i've been here for about a month and everything has been going okay. but i've found that i always without fail get anxious about the day ahead of me, i've been this way since i got my first job 4 years ago. once i go to work i'm 90 better, but it starts again the next day. you would think that if you had a good day then it would disprove all the worries you've had, but there's always the thought of today was good, but tomorrow could just as easily be terrible . i know many of you deal with this as well but i just felt like ranting to people who would actually understand me, after all misery loves company. i'm about to go into work and i'm dreading every tick of the clock. good luck to everyone else who's fighting the good fight today.
does anyone have a good recommendation for a mood tracking app website? my new psychiatrist and i are working on tapering some of my medications down from years with other doctors. i've been weaned off one with good results, and he suggested a slight decrease in my lithium. i'm all for the change, but i really want to go a mood tracking app website between now and my next appointment in a few months so i know for sure i'm making the right choice. i'd like to find one where i can write a brief synopsis of my day stressors, good things, what happened , combine it with period tracking, and maybe a rating of my day, like 4 out of 5 stars kind of thing. and hopefully be able to see a graph over time. this may be asking a lot, but i only see print out stuff or simple day ratings. thank you in advance.
will lamictal help me more than lithium if i mainly struggle with depression, not mania? i have been taking lithium for about a year, since my last stay at the psych ward, and i have not spiraled into depression like that since. but i can't remember the last time i daydreamed, the last time i felt like drawing, reading, playing the piano, anything that matters. i'm not alive right now. so i'm thinking lithium is probably destroying me more than helping me, because depression is my problem, not so much mania. i have experienced a bit of hypomania, it was very uncomfortable but i popped seroquel when it got bad and it passed so i think i really need to try lamictal. what should i tell my arnp? all my insurance covers is this pirate lookin dude who barely speaks english, so i have to do the talking
announcement on our ama with dr. tracey marks hey all, we ve rescheduled our ama with dr tracy marks while we work out the technical logistics. amp x200b this decision was not made lightly, but we do need more time to make sure that everything is set up and functioning correctly before we can go through with this event. we ask that you have patience at this time, and we will keep everyone updated on our timeline once we have everything situated. amp x200b in the meantime, please check out dr. tracey marks on youtube https www.youtube.com channel ucl2qppheezfywk6 wxd6hpa , as well as her official website https markspsychiatry.com . amp x200b we thank you for your understanding and are looking forward to seeing everyone when we do have this event. amp x200b the current date for the event is tbd .
i felt better for the 10 years i didn't take meds. now i'm just getting depressive episodes on meds yes, i'm in a down right now. i can't focus, my motivation is terrible at home and at work, my energy is low, my memory is bad, i've been irritable to those that love me. work is piling up and the house is starting to get messy. this is stressing me out. it's sunday and i haven't got anything done yet. i always think about the time between my big first episode and my 2nd one, when i was able to function perfectly fine without meds. i was happier. i didn't fall into deep depressions every few months. i didn't have mania or psychosis. bipolar didn't really exist then. is this just the price to pay for medication that will prevent a major psychosis or mania? if it is, i don't think i can keep it up.
just wanted to say thank you for the irc chat link it has helped me so much as well as so many others. we're able to talk in realtime with each other instead of typing out everything and waiting for replies. it's active at all hours of the day and night. i've seen people come into the chat in an absolute crisis and be talked down and feel good when they left. i know there was a very short period where the chat link was removed and i almost lost my sh t. i dont think the chat gets the recognition it deserves. i'm not an oper in the channel but i'd be more than willing to answer any questions. some of us old guys grew up on slip ppp and use chatrooms for 20yrs, it's an invaluable resource and one the moderators of this sub should be proud of. everyone is welcome and you should stop by and say hi
cannabis amp bipolar disorder when i first started using cannabis it was clear it didn't jive with my mental health disorder. once i got stabilized i reintroduced cannabis and it's been a really great thing for my routine. i know that 70 of bipolar people have issues with it, but i really like it. it's fantastic for me but i feel guilty for using it with bipolar? people act like if you use cannabis while bipolar you're going to act like you're on pcp or some crazy shit. should i be feeling guilty because i use cannabis medically? is there some extreme danger i don't know about? i'm so much higher functioning now, i can socialize again and finish projects and not sleep 500 hrs from depression. it's definitely not right for everyone, but it's helping me so much. anyone else have this experience?
housekeeping therapy one of the first indicators that i'm about to have an episode manic or depressive is i stop cleaning. it's been that way since i was a kid.my parents were afraid i'd be a hoarder. when i moved back home, i hired a cleaning lady for my parents house because i didn't want to argue with them about my bedroom after coming home from work. it was amazing. when i moved out i didn't have the budget for her to come to my apartment. the first year couple of years i did great, but then i started grad school during the pandemic. i got overwhelmed quickly. i had enough in my budget to hire her and it's kept me healthy! she comes every 2 weeks. that motivates me to do laundry and throw away trash so it's not in her way. i wish more people could afford this as a mental health service.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and my mind was a whirlwind of creative ideas and ambitious plans. i tackled every task with enthusiasm and zest, feeling like i was on top of the world. but today, my world has shrunk to the confines of my bed. the excitement and energy of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and fatigue. i can't seem to find the motivation to get up and face the day, let alone tackle the projects and goals that once seemed so important. the emotional
how do you guys make it through relentless suicidal thoughts? nothing is going right in my life. i don't really have a reason to keep going, i don't have a support system or anyone that cares about me. i can't stop thinking about killing myself. i'm 75 sure i won't see 2020. i'm just trying to make it through each day and i'm getting to where i can't handle the never ending thoughts of killing myself. i usually just try to distract myself with youtube or twitch, playing video games, music, just anything but it's not been working lately. ever since i found out my family doesn't care about me at all i just can't keep the thoughts out for any length of time. i'm on meds, they're clearly not working, i see my doctor in 3 weeks. what do you guys do to get through the constant suicidal thoughts?
no contact order with my best friend has been lifted. now struggling to rebuild broken relationships. we have spoken, and i was able to apologize. she said she misses me, only wants the best for me, and that i shouldn't hate myself over what i did, but it doesn't feel like enough. how can i move on when the last thing i said to her was that i wanted to cut her veins out. truth is, i was blackout drunk and meant to say that about myself, but stil... i put my best friend in physical danger and wasn't able to apologize for months afterward. really struggling not to have a relapse. it feels like i put a band aid over the last year of my life and now that it's time to rip it off, i'm realizing the wound is still bleeding. not sure what the point of this post is. anyone else been through this?
i used to be a morning person ever since being medicated i hate waking up. my sleep meds make me wake up foggy and tired, and i feel irritable every morning unless i have some alone time while taking my antidepressant. my head hurts and feels heavy and it just sucks. i used to wake up by just opening my eyes and feel great about the sunlight poking into my room. i ll be able to just wake up and start my day with no problems. even now when i miss my nightly dose i ll wake up so easily and positive, and it makes me miss not waking up in a fog. i don t need advice, just needed to vent a little. i used to be a morning person and now i can t be. i can t even be a night person because i have to take my meds and knock out at a certain time. i guess that s the price to pay for overall stability.
moving out of my parents house because of ptsd? to keep things vague l was abused by my dad. he hasn t abused me since childhood but i still feel uncomfortable around him. i m 23 and still live with him and my mom because my state is very expensive to afford housing or anything . i have it comfortable here, a parking spot, my own room etc, but i feel it s bad for my mental health. no rent here, they let me stay free. i found a room that s only 600 a month to rent from a family, which i can afford, but they have three children and a baby on the way. therapist says i have ptsd and should move. but i don t wanna end up in a worse situation but would it be better for me, for my mental health to move away? needing advice, is it worth it? . i m bipolar and schizoaffective so triggers suck.
i feel like things are too fine and need to get off my medication i feel like something big is gonna happen and i m not gonna be prepared. i don t have the strong emotions happening right now and i don t know what to do with myself. i feel uneasy. my brain feels somewhat calm. i know if i get off my medication i will become manic and i know it s bad and i hurt myself and spend hours sobbing and calling 988 and other hot warm lines. i m feeling the urge to self harm which i know won t be a one time thing for the next few weeks or even longer. i feel like something bad is gonna happen and i need to do it to myself for control. i haven t known i was bipolar during my last manic episode so now i want to trigger one and get off my medication for a week or 2 i don t know what to do, help.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and productivity. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished the warmth of the sun, and savored every bite of my lunch. i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, the world feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders. the sunlight streaming through my window seems harsh and unforgiving. my appetite has vanished, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the excitement and motivation of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. this is the dual nature of
low mood does anyone else still experience hyper vigilance during a depressive episode? i feel as though it actually gets worse and i hang onto every word and each of the tones. i am prone to self isolating but i am the sole income earner and it freaks my spouse out when i hit my lows and i cannot get the energy to get to work. the fear is i tend to cry for random things and i work in a super fast paced environment which is overwhelming when i can barely brush my teeth. i wake up with anxiety daily but during a depressive episode, it is crippling. how do i explain the ideation going up? i just want to sleep and cry and i hate the anxiety. people do not realize the high correlation between an anxiety disorder being comorbid with bd. waking up is literally the hardest part of my day.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, i hope this message finds you well. i've been thinking about the unique nature of my bipolar disorder and how it can sometimes feel like two completely different people are living inside me. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and an unquenchable thirst for life. the world seemed vibrant and full of possibilities. i tackled projects around the house, reached out to friends, and even started planning a trip. i felt on top of the world. but today, that excitement is gone. i'm lying in bed, wrapped
my bipolar is mostly just spicy depression sure, i get some highs cyclothymia but at this point most of my short life was spent in depression. i tried most flavours of depression there is the burnt out one, the high functioning one, the low functioning one, the one where you lay in bed for weeks, the one where you pretend everything is fine but you just stare at a blank wall all day, the one where you can't speak anymore, etc and i only got a sprinkle of highs. i know i shouldn't wish for more highs but the lows are so goddamn low, i just want to get at level 0. hypomania is not a side dish in my plate it's barely a spice. so spicy depression is my lot. i feel i'm always pretending to believe it's gonna be okay. so yeah. bad day today. bad meal. maybe i'm just a terrible cook.
a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden and intense shift in emotions, ranging from elated joy to deep despair within minutes or even seconds. this emotional contrast can feel overwhelming and confusing, making it difficult for them to manage their thoughts and behaviors. they might experience racing thoughts, impulsivity, and increased energy during manic episodes, while feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and worthlessness during depressive episodes. this emotional volatility can significantly impact their daily life and relationships, and can make it challenging for them to maintain stability. it's important to note that everyone with bipolar disorder experiences these episodes differently, and their intensity and frequency can vary greatly from person to person.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun shone brightly, my mood was light, and i tackled my to do list with ease. i felt like i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, the landscape has shifted dramatically. the sun seems to have disappeared behind a thick layer of clouds, and my energy has dissipated like morning mist. i can t even get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks that seemed so manageable yesterday. the excitement and drive that fueled me yesterday have evaporated, leaving me
does anyone else feel frozen in a hypomanic or manic episode like your body can t keep up with your mind and it creates this intense frustration. i find it especially painful when i m feeling ill chronic pain flairs up and i m having racing thoughts and so many ideas for things, but i don t have the physical energy to do them. makes you feel like a prisoner in your body type feeling. it makes me really angry and just useless. i ve been so unproductive because of it, and i have no idea how to reconcile these two things. my concentration is too low to be productive and it s getting frustrating. i ve been trying to get an appointment with the mental health team for months, they don t seem to give a shit. what do you do in this situation, if you can t get access to meds changes?
depressive state seeking advice i'm currently feeling really trapped in a depressive state and i don't know how to get out of it. i'm more accustomed to dealing with depression as i was initially diagnosed with depression for 2 years be for ending rediagnosed . but i just can't seem to find my way out. i know i have a lot to be happy and grateful for, and i'm trying to engage in activities that i enjoy doodling, baking, etc. but i feel pretty stuck this time. i don't know why. sometimes i'll feel like i'm getting out, but then i'll fall right back down. and i feel like i keep making stupid decisions in this state of mind honestly i make bad ones in a manic state too , i just want to be stable for a while at least. basically any advice on getting out of a depressive state?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a zest for life that seemed boundless. i tackled projects, made plans, and connected with loved ones. the world was a vibrant, beautiful place, and i felt like i could conquer it. but today, the landscape has shifted. the excitement is gone, and i'm left feeling overwhelmed, drained, and trapped in a thick fog. my bed is calling me, and the thought of facing the day is daunting. i'm experiencing a profound emotional contrast, the kind that only
everybody asks this when do i go to the hospital? how many times have i seen people ask that question? i've counted all the pills in my treasure chest but not sure i like any of the potentially lethal combos. i've gone on the darknet markets to see what i can get, but my drugs of choice are hard to come by. i'm not sold on more physically violent methods. i live alone so nobody would stop me. i've started writing a kind of philosophical paper to explain mostly to my parents why i think suicide is a reasonable option. i've drafted my will and had it witnessed. i've been writing my suicide letter in my head for weeks. still, if i do it, it won't be tomorrow. maybe i won't do it at all. probably not. do i just wait for my next pdoc appt? what do i say to her when i see her?
dae feel like you re wasting your life when depressed and then have to make up for lost time when manic and do everything? i constantly worry i m wasting my time youth doing the wrong thing or nothing at all. i just got out of a 3 month episode where i barely left bed or talked to anyone. i m better now but i have so much boundless energy drive that i don t know where to direct it. i know this is irrational thinking i m about to graduate from college and i m on track to grad school. i do things with friends. i travel. but i worry i m going to look back at my early twenties and be like you spent your youth doing that? then when i m manic i kinda go off the rails and do things i didn t even want to do but felt compelled to. it s wack. anyone else feel this way sometimes?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a tale of two days dear friend, i hope this message finds you well. i'd like to share an experience that's been on my mind lately the emotional contrasts i often face as a person living with bipolar disorder. yesterday, i felt invincible. the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an energy that seemed endless. it was as if i could do anything. i tackled projects around the house, made phone calls, and even started planning a trip. i felt alive, vibrant, and full of possibilities. but today, things are different. the excitement of
school work questions bipolar type i. senior in college with a campus job. been in a huge depressive episode, the kind where it's draining to be in public or even leave my room. i haven't really left bed in over a week and have forgotten about work shifts and not shown up. if i go out in public, i have severe anxiety and paranoia. i got an increase in medication but don't feel better yet. i am afraid i will get fired from my job that i'm going to fail classes at school. i've gone to the office of disabilities but they dont recognize my disorder as a disability where they can give help accommodations. any tips on how to not get fired and how to save myself from being failed in class? i have a near perfect transcript so this would greatly affect it. thank u in advance
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had an unquenchable energy that seemed to propel me through the day. i tackled projects at work with an intensity and focus that left my colleagues in awe. in the evening, i went for a run, pushing myself harder than ever before, feeling stronger and faster with each step. i went to bed with a sense of accomplishment and a heart full of joy. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. the energy that
i read a book cover to cover today i used to annihilate chapter books in a few hours. this year, i completely lost my ability to focus. i am failing classes for the first time in my life. for contrast, i have a full ride university scholarship. i haven't been able to focus on textbooks for a few months but haven't done real leisure reading in easily a year. not because i don't want to just because i can't put in the time. today i read an entire book, 432 pages, in under 24 hours. i am so proud of myself. i haven't done this since middle school, and i remember every part of it, i didn't just skim it. i don't want to get into the circumstances surrounding it or what it means as part of a larger whole. i just want to celebrate that, regardless of how or why, i did it.
is it possible to turn your life around if you hate every waking moment of it. after finally coming to terms with the fact that mania has ruined everything good i ve worked so hard for in my life, i m recommitted to bettering myself. only issue is i keep comparing my current situation to the past when tunings were good. i really want to graduate college. i do. i went for three years. however, now, i cry after every class and have panic attacks at the thought of having to do the work and or study to get through it. not to mention that my program of study is going to take 2.5 years to complete and i have no motivation. i don t know what to do anymore. i m miserable if i just sit home and do nothing and i m miserable when i go out and actually try something. advice??
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling a sense of accomplishment with every completed task. the excitement of the day carried me forward, fueling my energy and motivation. but today, my world has shifted. the bed seems to have grown larger, the covers heavier. i can't seem to find the energy to get out from beneath them, let alone tackle the mountain of tasks that awaits me. the sun that once shone so
it this a mixed episode? backstory diagnosed 7 years ago as bipolar 1 and never had a mixed episode. anyways..... the past few days have been miserable. i will be perfectly content and happy, getting things done. then i ll crash really hard and that lasts for hours no matter what i do to try and get myself out of it. i know that i can google symptoms and that this is probably a mixed episode, but i feel completely isolated. i quit my job about five weeks ago, and currently do not have health insurance. i live with my boyfriend, who is the main bread winner and starting the process of getting me on his insurance. if this is a mixed episode, what have you guys done to help stabilize? i am taking 300 mg of lithium er three times a day and 7.5 mg of remeron at night.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose that seemed limitless. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, my emotions have taken a 180 degree turn. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and motivation from yesterday have vanished, leaving me feeling drained and defeated. the simple tasks that seemed so manageable yesterday now seem insurmount
what do you think? tw suicide, self injury https nakedsecurity.sophos.com 2018 01 04 artificial intelligence to listen for suicidal thoughts on social media apparently, it's being tested in canada for artificial intelligence to catch behavior related to self harm and suicide on social media. as a community in which these behaviors are discussed frequently, i'm wondering what you all think of this. part of me thinks it's a good idea. if we can prevent these behaviors, isn't that a good thing? however, part of me is taken aback. would i be willing to discuss my suicidal thoughts or talk about self injury online if i knew that information might be used to single me out? not sure. your thoughts? edit the '1' superscript above the post should take you to the article.
feeling of dread and frustration related to work. need advice. i'm on amisulpride 150mg, valproate 1gm and lamotrigine 100mg, but for a week or so i have this feeling of dread and frustration related to work which makes me not able to go to work. i very well know that it's an irrational fear, but i can't get over the strong emotion pulling me from attending work. ive tried dbt which hasn't helped. its starting to become frustrating now. worse still is i've had these episodes since the past few months so much so that i've been to work on and off, and not consistently. i work as a doctor in a large hospital. has anyone else felt this way, and what has helped y'all to get out of it? is it part of depression or am i doing this to myself? sometimes i doubt this too.
feeling like i ve changed so much that my friends don t find my interesting anymore i don t know if it s the meds or not for certain, but around the time i got stable a couple years ago and went on a new med my personality changed somewhat. i used to talk constantly, i always had something to say. i was also a bit of a wild card so people often found me entertaining. but now i don t talk so much and i no longer feel full of energy. there will be times when i hang out with friends and there are long awkward silences. i went on a couple dates with a guy a couple weeks ago and he kept telling me that i seemed really tired. i wasn t. apparently i m boring now. just needed to vent. it s worth it to be stable now but i miss the version on myself when i was unstable.
self loathing on a tuesday i'm having a hard day, an exceptionally hard day. i have this tendency to get into a pattern of just purely hating everything about myself. everything. recently, i have changed jobs and spend the majority of my day alone in a car, which has seemed to make things worse. i have unlimited time to criticize and berate myself. i don't really know why i am posting. i lurk a lot but am not very vocal on reddit, due mainly to my insecurity. i guess i just need the anonymous internet to hear me, since i can't get myself to talk to anyone else about it. i spend massive amounts of time with the one person i hate the most me. i feel trapped in my mind, body, and life. i'm not okay, and i just needed for someone to hear that. edit format spelling
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and creativity. the sun seemed to shine brighter, the music played louder, and the colors were more vivid. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, making progress on projects that had been gathering dust for months. the excitement of new possibilities filled me with a sense of purpose and productivity. but today, the world has lost its luster. the sun no longer shines as bright, the music is a dull roar, and the colors are muted. i can't even get
bipolar tendencies that get out of hand am i the only one who can be in a house full of people and pets amp feel like the most lonely person on the planet? i mean i feel like the life i have is like i'm in some kind of alice in wonderland saga. i should be greatful. but damm, i feel like i'm missing out on adventure or something. i have a wonderful supportive husband. 2 mostly great kids, a june cleaver kind of life. anyone would kill for my life right now. the only thing i can think of is damm, how much longer am i in this for? i want to be wild and free. no attachments. no expectations. just me, my dog, my truck, and my camper on the open road. i'm such a gypsy by nature. this staying in one place hits my internal self like a damm knife. idk, maybe it's me.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster ride of emotions dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. i'd like to share an experience that's been on my mind lately, one that i believe might help you understand a bit more about what it's like living with bipolar disorder. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and an insatiable appetite for life. i tackled projects around the house, made plans for future adventures, and even danced in the kitchen while cooking dinner. the excitement was palpable, and i felt like i was
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings of bipolar disorder dear recipient , yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had the energy of a hundred people. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and the world seemed to be my playground. but today, the world feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders. i can t seem to find the motivation to get out of bed. the excitement and drive i felt yesterday have vanished, leaving me feeling flat and lifeless. the emotional contrast between yesterday and today is jarring, and i can t help
a person with bipolar disorder might feel a profound emotional contrast within the span of a few minutes or even seconds. for instance, they might be engulfed in the depths of despair, feeling absolutely worthless and helpless, and then suddenly shift to an extreme elation and enthusiasm. this emotional whiplash can be disorienting and confusing, making it difficult for the person to understand or manage their emotions. they might feel overwhelmed by the intensity of their mood swings, and may struggle to find a way to regulate their emotions and maintain stability. the contrast can also manifest as irritability and agitation, leading to impulsive or reckless behaviors that further complicate their experience. overall, the emotional contrast experienced by
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and excitement. i tackled my to do list with gusto, making progress on projects that had been gathering dust for months. i felt like i was on top of the world, unstoppable and unbeatable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion. my mood has swung in the opposite direction, leaving me feeling helpless and confused. bipolar disorder is a
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun seemed brighter, the birds sang sweeter, and the world was my oyster. i tackled projects, made plans, and even took on challenges that normally intimidate me. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, my dear friend, is a different story. the sun no longer seems so bright, and the birds' songs are muted. i can't seem to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the projects i started yesterday. the excitement
that moment when it was bipolar the whole time so all my life i'm 30 , sometimes when i haven't eaten and my blood sugar is low, i get really weak and shaky tremors. eating a snack generally fixes it pretty quickly but sometimes , it happens even when i've just eaten, when i'm full or otherwise have no appetite, and its hard to make it go away. eating doesn't help, even when i eat the same things that i normally do for it. i've always been confused by this. but it turns out, that the psychomotor agitation from hypomania can cause the exact fucking same symptoms . hashtag thanks i hate it. i really prefer it when it just makes me fidget a lot or pace, ugh which is incredibly confusing, but makes so much more sense in hindsight. aaaaaaaa a very jittery girl
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that impact a person's energy, behavior, and ability to carry out daily activities. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a profound shift in emotions, moving quickly from one extreme state to another, leaving them feeling disoriented, confused, and overwhelmed. for instance, they might be feeling deeply content and joyful during an interaction with a loved one or while engrossed in an enjoyable activity. suddenly, this emotional state can shift without warning, leaving them feeling isolated, anxious, or even despondent. the contrast can be so intense that it becomes difficult for them to recognize or understand the cause of
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm and energy, feeling like i could conquer anything that came my way. i was unstoppable, unbreakable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion. my energy has disappeared, leaving me feeling drained and lifeless. i can t seem to focus on anything, let alone complete the tasks on my list.
i came to the realization i'm mentally ill sounds like a duh , i know. i know i'm bipolar. i got off my meds and it's been 2 or 3 weeks i think... some part of me figured if i was gonna lose it i'd lose it instantly i guess. so i didn't notice when the impending sense of doom came back.. does anyone else feel like you're holding your breath waiting to breath but the breathing never comes and it's slowly crushing you?? between that i've started to believe something bad is gonna happen to me. i can physically feel i'm not interpretting the world the way i used to on my meds... i think i might be a smidge psychotic without my anti pychotics. i know i need to get back on my meds, this is the first i've made this mistake,... guess i wanna know i'm not alone.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings in bipolar disorder yesterday, i felt invincible today, i can't get out of bed dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible. the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the world seemed to be at my feet. i had an abundance of energy and enthusiasm, and i tackled every task with unbridled determination. i felt like i could do anything, and the future looked bright and promising. but today, my mood has taken a drastic turn. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and motivation from yesterday have vanished, leaving me feeling lethargic
bye bye citalopram i ve been on a roller coaster the last 9 months with medication. i had started to think i had been misdiagnosed based on how terrible i have felt despite lithium and an ssri plus seroquel at bed. i even scheduled a new psych for a second opinion in april. then through some bad juggling and admin by my gp my citalopram prescription was cancelled instead of renewed. the pharmacist gave me a loner box of meds but it was a lower dose. fast forward a month later and i m still on the lower dose. low and behold hallelujah i feel fantastically average. this ain t no hypo and i m definitely not depressed. wow. i m considering going to an even lower dose but my intake appointment is so close i feel like i should probably leave it for now. woo!!
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had a sense of boundless energy. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and each task seemed to bring me closer to achieving my goals. i felt unstoppable, like there was no challenge too great for me to handle. but today, the world feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders. i can't seem to shake the feeling of exhaustion that has settled over me like a thick fog. the bed is calling my name, and i find myself drawn to its
happy event caused depression? okay so i'm kind of weirded out by this and not sure how to take it. i went to my psych doctor yesterday after having months of depression and we realized my depression started when i got engaged. she said major life events can trigger mood changes. i am not depressed about being engaged, i am super excited and was waiting very impatiently for the day and couldn't be happier to spend the rest of my life with my fiance. she said maybe the wedding planning is what's stressing me out and causing the depression. i do tend to get depressive when i have to deal with my family a lot which wedding planning has definitely entailed but idk. i feel guilty for being depressed during what's supposed to be such a happy time in my life.
long lasting mania? i had spinal surgery last july, and since then i feel like i've been extremely manic. i've gotten over 20 tattoos on my body and have spent all of my income as it comes in. i have 11 more scheduled, and that is with me really weeding out some of the ones i don't really want. i have been oddly stable but manic at the same time, some days stretching many days without need for sleep. my brain doesn't shut off. is it possible to have long lasting mania that lasts more than 6 months? i'm terribly manic right now, and i fear the hypomania that is impending. i feel that my mania will last as long as i keep getting tattoos, but getting them is preventing me from being depressed as they make me very happy. i don't know, i'm a mess right now.
mania aftermath this week i recently got out of a manic episode that was probably going on for about a month or so. i was absent from school skipping almost all of my uni classes, not studying, got into 3 car accidents and got a speeding ticket 40 over limit in a school zone. no sleep, paranoid etc etc. anyways now i've been trying to pick up the pieces especially with my grades in uni. bipolar disorder has forced me to drop out a few times before but i really want to complete my degree. doctor put me on lamictal which jolted me out of mania. anyways, the good news is today i talked to my professor and he was actually super understanding because his wife is also bipolar. i hope my other professors as as understanding and will help me recover my grade.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm and energy, feeling like i could conquer any challenge that came my way. but today, my world has shifted. the sun no longer shines as brightly, and the birds' songs seem to fade into the background. i wake up feeling heavy, like my limbs are made of lead. i can't seem to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks on my list
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings in bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy and excitement, my mind racing with ideas and plans. i tackled projects around the house, made phone calls, and even went for a long run. i felt on top of the world, like nothing could stop me. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness and an overwhelming sense of fatigue. i can t focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i want to stay in bed all day
diagnosis fear my family and boyfriend have been saying for years they think i have bipolar. i have written down all of the things i have felt recently and it s overwhelmingly scary. i don t want a diagnosis, i don t want to admit my mind works differently. i don t want to admit i think about death daily. when i m feeling high, it s amazing, nothing can stop me and i feel i will succeed in everything. but just like that i can become extremely aggressive, overly sad sobbing for hours and recently it s becoming difficult to cope with. on so many occasions i can feel myself slipping away and this angry monster coming in to replace the high, it destroys what s around me and i have no control over it. i don t know what to do or where to vent so here i am.
i just need to put this out there i feel miserable. i'm so sad, i'm sick to my stomach. i'm at the point where i'm disgusted with my own voice. i don't know what thoughts are real anymore. i feel that there are spirits manipulating me, and that they want me to think i'm sick. i feel like meds will only allow them to take over. i feel agitated, and my seroquel is barely helping me sleep. i feel like i'm losing my mind. i have nobody to turn to. my family doesn't believe in psychiatric disorders and i'm tired of worrying my so. i'm not suicidal but i just feel like i can't keep living like this for much too long. i'm just tired. i don't know anyone who's been diagnosed bipolar so it's good to read posts on here that i can relate to. just needed to vent
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, my energy boundless. i tackled projects, reached out to old friends, and even took a spontaneous road trip. the sun shone brightly, and the world seemed full of endless possibilities. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. my limbs feel heavy, and my thoughts are sluggish. i can t focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with a sense of purpose and energy that hadn't been there for a while. i tackled my to do list, made progress on projects, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. the sun seemed brighter, the air fresher, and the world was full of possibilities. but today, that energy has vanished. the bed is calling my name, and i can't ignore it. i've been lying here for hours, trying to find the motivation to get up and face the day. the tasks that seemed so manageable
medication advice divalproex hi guys, this is my first post so i apologize for any mistakes!! so my psych prescribed me divalproex generic depakote and its really been helping me. but when i went to pick up my refill, the pharmacy told me that it was now 114 instead of the usual 10 i pay for it. have you had this experience? i don t understand why the price would raise by more than 100 in less than a month. i didn t switch insurance or anything. i called my insurance company and they just said the price of the medication rose this year . what should i do? should i ask my psych to switch mood stabilizers for me? i really don t want to switch up my medication again. i was just starting to feel normal again after months of hypomania. thanks in advance!
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was brimming with energy and ideas, my mind racing with possibilities. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relishing the feeling of productivity and accomplishment. i was unstoppable, unbeatable, untouchable. but today, that feeling has vanished, replaced by an oppressive weight that makes getting out of bed a herculean task. the excitement that fueled me yesterday is gone, replaced by an inescapable apathy. the world around me seems to move in slow motion,
i'm so tired of being bipolar for the medication factor alone. i try to refill and stay on my medication but there's always an issue between cvs and my drs.office regarding some of my medications. the dr office will say i have a refill in and then i'll go to cvs and they will say it's awaiting prescriber response and it can only be refilled with the drs approval. it's depakote then i call back the dr and they say no it's in there but they will call and nothing ever gets done. this has resulted in me multiple times being out of my medication when i need it overnight and now i'm up at 4 am. listen i have to work tomorrow! i have a life. i can't just be up at 4 am feeling all weird and not being able to sleep. should i change drs or what??? pissed off
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an energy i hadn't felt in a long time. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for dinner with friends, and even considered taking up a new hobby. i felt alive, vibrant, and ready to conquer the world. but today, my world has shrunk to the size of my bed. the excitement and motivation of yesterday have evaporated, leaving me feeling flat and lifeless. the sun is still shining outside, but all
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me hello, i hope this message finds you well. i wanted to share an experience that i've been having lately, as it relates to my bipolar disorder. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose that seemed limitless. i tackled projects around the house, made plans for the future, and felt like i was on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness and a profound sense of fatigue. my thoughts are sluggish, and
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose that seemed limitless. the world was my playground, and i was determined to conquer it all. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and each task felt like a victory. i was on top of the world! but today, my world has shrunk to the confines of my bed. the excitement that fueled me yesterday is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness and an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. i can't seem to find the motivation
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was brimming with energy and enthusiasm. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled new projects, and felt like i could conquer the world. but today, my world is a different place. the sun is still shining, but the birds' songs seem muted and distant. i can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed, let alone tackle my to do list. the excitement and enthusiasm of yesterday have evaporated, leaving me feeling flat
are you a mom? how is that going? i d really love to hear from other women who have bipolar and went ahead with having kids. how is that going for you? do you enjoy being a mom? is it manageable? i m a woman in my early 30s and got married last year. it feels like everyone around me is having babies and i m really trying to figure out if i want one. i feel like i could be happy sad either way. i just started listening to an audio book about trying to decide about kids and i had to turn it off because it was making me cry. my husband is sort of happy to go with whatever decision i make. i know nobody is making me make this decision, but i don t want to hit 40 and just say oops guess i never did that. i really just want to make up my mind either way.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, making progress on projects that had been lingering for weeks. i was productive, focused, and filled with energy. i was unstoppable. but today, my world has shifted. the excitement is gone, and i'm left feeling lost and overwhelmed. i can't even get out of bed. the simple tasks that seemed so manageable yesterday now feel insurmountable. my thoughts swirl
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and productivity. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and my mind was alight with ideas and solutions. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, and my heart swelled with joy and excitement. but today, the world feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders. i can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed, let alone tackle my tasks for the day. the excitement and motivation from yesterday have evaporated, leaving me feeling empty and listless. it
double post first how's your relationship with your parents growing up? my dad was always angry at me for not being who he wanted and not following his dreams and plans he had for me he wanted me to go to trade school and become and automotive mechanic with a focus on diesel engines, i wanted a military career . my mom was always focused on my little brother and step dad. sisters are way older than me so they already had their lives when i was barely a teen. tldr i raised my self. i'm so depressed and having panic attacks. i have no insurance. my income was less than expected so i don't qualify for subsidies. medical won't accept me since i'm above the poverty line. psychiatrist gave me a discount and only charged 150 for a 15 minute consultation.
i'm new to seroquel. what can i expect? hello, i am seeking some insight into the short and long term affects of seroquel. i'm being treated for anxiety, depression and mood swings following a traumatic brain injury to the front right forehead. anyway, i saw for the first time a new doctor and she prescribed 50mg seroquel to take at night for bipolar and to help me sleep. well i cant say what its doing for bipolar but it is making me sleep like a rock. i mean knocks me completely out 0.5 1hr after taking it and then i'm sleeping for 10 12hrs before waking up or coming to at all. is this a normal reaction to the early stages of starting this medicine or what? thanks for taking the time to read this and double thanks for any replies. life is great.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sharp shift between intense emotions. for instance, they might feel an overwhelming sense of happiness, excitement, and creativity during a manic episode, followed by a sudden and profound sense of sadness, despair, and hopelessness during a depressive episode. these contrasting emotions can occur within minutes, hours, or even days, making it challenging for the individual to cope with their feelings and manage their daily life. the emotional contrast can also make it difficult for them to maintain relationships,
how to ask for alternative treatment? i have been trying new medications for about 5 years now without much luck. either really bad side effects or no mood improvement, i see my psyc in a week to talk about which one to try next. the clinic according to the website at least provides spravato esketamine treatment. i'm interested in asking him about it because i would like to learn more and i have read so many good things about it. the research is remarkable. i guess i am wondering how to bring it up? this provider is semi new to me i've been seeing him for about 5 months. the reason i am scared to ask is because i have had other providers get weird when i ask for anxiety meds. so, if you have received this treatment before how did you go about it?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and every task felt like a victory. i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose. but today, the emotions have shifted. the sun no longer seems to shine, and the birds' songs are muffled by the weight of the world. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and drive from yesterday are gone, replaced by a sense of hopelessness
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and enthusiasm. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. the tasks that seemed so manageable yesterday now feel insurmountable. i can t seem to focus, and even the simplest of decisions feels
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling a sense of purpose and accomplishment with every task completed. i was engaged, energized, and even found joy in the mundane. but today, my world has shifted. the clouds have gathered, and the sun has hidden behind them. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and energy of yesterday have been replaced with a heavy, letharg
tired of being sick bipolar 1. been diagnosed for 20 years. treatment resistant depression and anxiety, with migraines. i have no quality of life. the world people tv movies drive me crazy, give me migraines. severe depression and severe anxiety. nothing works. i m like a freakazoid. miserable day in day out. trapped like i m shackled in a dungeon. isolated. and i can t break out. i ve tried everything. meds. ect. tms. ketamine. talk therapy. ect was effective, but the effects only lasted for 2 weeks at a time. my doc made me stop after around 30 ects for fear of long term side effects memory cognitive issues . but i have memory cognitive issues from my depression. i m damned if i do, damned if i don t. i have suicidal ideation. i feel trapped.
how do you manage being tired during depressive episodes? i'm not always sad during my low phases, but during them, i often have middling energy and take numerous naps, which almost border on narcolepsy. recently, i've been reorganizing my house, but i feel held back because i have errands to run in town and feel too tired to do so. this is compounded by my being proactive into march until i had two breakdowns weeks ago, and sleeping off my problems might be a possible coping method. much of this has had me recall my first year of high school, where i was deeply depressed and often slept during and after school, whereas i was highly energetic and consistently worked in my junior and senior years. does anyone else here have similar experiences?
for those that have taken lamictal, at what dosage did you start to feel relief of depressive symptoms? i'm transitioning from lithium wellbutrin therapy to hopefully just standalone lamotrigine. the wellbutrin seemed to lose it's effectiveness after taking it for a few years and the lithium wasn't enough to prevent depressive symptoms. i'm starting to feel better regardless of medications, and have been taking 25mg lamotrigine for a week now. it's unfortunate it takes so long to get up to a therapeutic dose on this medication, but i know it's worth it to be patient. i'm just curious when i'll be able to expect the lamotrigine to start affecting my mood vs therapy, diet, exercise, time outside, and all the other things i'm doing to get better.
music production tinnitus techno financial nosedive hi all. spent the last year spending heavily into music production for techno and releasing some songs. got tons of positive feedback. ears are ringing now and only stop when i don't produce don't go to shows raves gigs. last week kept me up destroyed my earphones in a rage. i finally found something i was truly truly passionate about. i poured so much into this and planned on getting some gigs going and had leads, and now this. just depressed today. stressed about money. don't want to go down the tubes but feel like there's no ground beneath my feet and my damn ears are ringing! anyone else deal with tinnitus? i don't think it's a very good combo with bipolar. it is making me very unhinged.
how many meds have you tried? sometimes i feel like it's a merry go round. i've been on so many that i've lost count. off the top of my head lithium, ambien, trazadone, risperdal, depakote, temazepam, seroquel, perphenazine, zoloft, abilify, wellbutrin, currently on latuda. i'm sure there's others but just don't remember them. i've had side effects from the majority of them. lithium destroyed my thyroid and caused me to gain weight rapidly, risperdal made me incredibly stiff in the mornings where it was hard to get out of bed, zoloft made me yawn for zero reason constantly, seroquel made me aggressive and hard to wake up. so far latuda has been pretty good no side effects that i can think of other than the gagging when i saw the retail price.
missing work, feeling guilty last night i left work because i was legitimately sick. today i feel better but told my boss i am still sick so i can t come in...it s really because i am so incredibly depressed, working a full shift feels so unmanageable. even getting out of bed feels unmanageable. i feel so guilty about missing work, it s really unlike me, but all i feel capable of doing is staring at the ceiling and going to sleep. i want my job to see me as a valuable and good employee, i tell myself that there is nothing wrong with taking the space and time i need to feel like myself again, i just hope my boss and coworkers can understand that sentiment as well. so yeah, today i feel pretty defeated. i hope you re all doing better than i am.
compare and contrast how a person with bipolar disorder experiences emotions compared to someone without the disorder. a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as an intense and rapid shift between two seemingly opposing emotional states. for instance, they might feel an extreme elation, such as euphoria, joy, or enthusiasm, followed by an equally intense feeling of sadness, despair, or hopelessness. this emotional instability can be challenging and confusing for the individual, especially if they are not familiar with their condition or how to manage it effectively. compared to someone without bipolar disorder, people with this condition may experience emotions more intensely and unpredictably. emotional
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, i wanted to share an experience with you that i believe encapsulates the essence of living with bipolar disorder. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling both elated and depleted within the span of days, even hours. yesterday, i felt invincible. the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i could do anything. i tackled my to do list with gusto, accomplishing tasks that had been lingering for weeks. i was on top of the world, unstoppable and unbreakable. but today, that energy
finally went to go see a doctor i finally went to go see a psychiatrist on monday and got told all my symptoms do match bipolar and its not all in my head. i got referred to a therapist so the next step is meeting with a therapist a couple times then going back to my psychiatrist for meds to help. while this is great and all, but i'm afraid of what'll happen between getting my meds. just this last day i've been having horrible mood swings, getting so angry and cold. i've been having more and more thoughts about hurting myself and others. the hurting others bit is what's scaring me the most. im not a violent person but i'm afraid i'm going to snap and really hurt someone. does anyone have any tips to control anger and moods swings in general?
my cats sick and my behaviours are weird so my cat needs to visit the vets, it's all booked in, i'm really upset but he's going to be fine with the correct treatment plan. my behaviour is really confusing me though. so obviously i'm spiralling a little, feeling super anxious and emotional. i've recently had what my psych calls 'paranoia'. fears of my house being burnt down, people dying. so i've been making sure the house is safe etc. however i've started obsessing over it more now that i'm stressed. usually i only take extra precautions if i'm leaving the house, now i'm walking around switching everything off while at home, or immediately after my partner has used something like the microwave. has anyone else experienced anything like this?
bipolar and video games had an interesting moment of introspection playing skyrim today. the theme in a lot of my favorite games is that i can just...be. no man's sky is probably the best example of this. i'm not out to destroy the evil empire, or make some trade fortune. can if i want, but most of the time i'm just a dude with a space suit and a beat up old ship, exploring and getting by. in real life, the most self destructive nonsense i've gotten into has been out of a sense of grandiosity. currently paying off 10k worth of debt from trying to be a self employed trader. there was that time when trying to be off the grid left me drug addicted and homeless. maybe just being kind and at peace is enough of a challenge, and enough of a reward.
first time seriously experiencing suicidal thoughts. i don't think i'll act on it, but it's scaring me. i recently made a major fuck up that i've been beating myself up over. i got the courage to tell my shit hole dad, and he just reiterated every negative thought i already have about myself. amp x200b i've been on hold with a crisis line for over 30 minutes. i doubt anyone will talk to me soon. amp x200b i don't know what i want need right now, but i feel emotionally alone and literally am physically alone. amp x200b i also experience a lot more of the hypomanic manic side of bp 1 with occasional mixed episodes. now i feel like i've suddenly been submerged into a depressive episode and don't know how to cope. amp x200b thanks for listening.
what do you do when people hurt you i've been hurt so many times by people i decided to trust. im just over people at this point, because of my illness anyone can hurt me so much more than i could ever hurt them. it's too hard trying to manage my emotions even without factoring in the selfishness and unpredictability of people. amp x200b should i start trusting again? it's been 2 months and now i'm just bored, but i don't want to get hurt again. i'm still reeling from the extreme pain of the last time i was hurt. people have too much power over me, last time i was hurt it induced a mixed episode which resulted in psychosis and 2 suicide attempts. people are inherently selfish, i'm 100 convinced of this fact. but im getting bored and lonely.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with a sense of energy and purpose. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm, feeling unstoppable and alive. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion. the world outside my window seems gray and uninviting, and i can t seem to find the motivation to face another day. it s hard to reconcile these two sides of me. one day,
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, i've been meaning to share with you the intricacies of my emotional rollercoaster, a journey that is both exhilarating and exhausting, a dance between the extremes of elation and despair the two sides of the same coin that is my bipolar disorder. yesterday, i felt invincible. the sun shone upon my face, and i reveled in its warmth, feeling as if i could harness its power and channel it into my veins. i felt alive, brimming with energy and creativity, like i could do anything. i was a force to be reckoned with,
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster ride of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, reveled in the joy of accomplishment, and savored the thrill of new possibilities. but today, the world feels like a heavy burden. the bed is calling me, and the thought of facing the day is overwhelming. the excitement of yesterday has evaporated, leaving me feeling drained, listless, and disconnected. living with bipolar disorder is
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and reveled in the warmth of life. but today, that feeling has vanished, and in its place, a heavy fog of lethargy and despair has settled in. the excitement is gone, replaced by a crushing weight that makes even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i can't seem to focus, and the thought of leaving my bed feels
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had an unstoppable energy coursing through my veins. i tackled my to do list with gusto, accomplished more in a day than i usually do in a week, and felt on top of the world. but today, the emotional landscape has shifted dramatically. i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. my energy has drained away, leaving me feeling drained
i feel lost so here s the situation. i was completely manic for about a year, didn t realize it of course so my life got completely fucked. lost friends, my place, and most of family won t talk to me anymore because they feel that i m a drug addict. i m not. i moved recently, and got back on one medication. but im struggling to make sense of things. my mentals are still fairly unpredictable, some days start really well, i feel stable and i can be productive. but then i fall into full mania or crippling depression again, all within a matter of hours. so does anyone have some suggestions on how i can start to rebuild my life and stay stable? cause i feel very alone, and very scared that i m gonna get my life more fucked than it currently is
writing letters to friends is the only thing i can do to get through the day so, i'm currently in a manic episode. i think it's hypomanic, but my psychiatrist calls me manic. anyway, usually i enjoy watching movies or reading books and exercise. but i now i've found that i don't have any concentration to do anything except writing my friends letters through mail. i get to ramble on and on and on about anything that pops into my mind and the beauty of it all is i can edit it all out the way i like it, so all the rapid thoughts that are racing through my mind seem to come out of my coherently. i don't know what you guys can do with this information, but i just want to share it with you. life can be really beautiful if things are going well.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster ride of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, my energy levels were high, and i tackled every task with zeal. i felt like i could conquer the universe. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and all i feel is a deep, heavy sadness that threatens to swallow me whole. the contrast between yesterday and today is staggering, leaving me feeling lost and confused. living with bipolar disorder is like being on a rollercoaster ride of emotions.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and my mind was a whirlwind of ideas and plans. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relishing in the satisfaction of crossing each item off. i felt alive, vibrant, and unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. the sun still shines outside, but my world has shrunk to the size of my mattress. the tasks that once seemed so
being stable is so fucking boring after multiple years of suffering from different combinations of bipolar, bpd, narcissism, adhd symptoms, and ocd symptoms i am 90 symptom free. i still have anxiety attacks sometimes but like once a week if that , and certain phobias and have to control my ocd symptoms with some rigid scheduling, but my depression splitting, hyper fixations, and attention issues are effectively gone. and i'm so fucking bored. none of the things that made me feel good do that anymore but i don't feel bad because it all came from avoidance. i'm used to fighting depression 100 of the time and without that i'm listless. so what do you do with this? does anyone have any advice? dbt and ifs suggestions especially appreciated.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar dance a tango of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i danced in the ballroom of life with the passion and fervor of a thousand suns. my heart was aflame with energy and excitement, my mind a whirlwind of creative ideas. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was in the zone, in the flow, and life was a beautiful symphony that i was conducting with grace and panache. but today, my dear friend, the music has stopped, and i find myself lost in the shadows of the grand hall. the excitement, the passion, the zest for life has evapor
i just want to be happy and i want to make my partner happy i don't know why im like this, i love my partner more than anything and i can't think rationally, i can't communicate well, i m so scared that they're plotting against me or they're going to get tired of my episodes and break up with me, or find me just so, so unbearable. i can't even ask for help from them because how am i meant to say this in a way that will show them that i love them and i'm not accusing them, and i'm not crazy and i just want to have control over myself and my emotions and my thoughts. i just want to feel happy, i want to stop making everyone miserable, i want to be in on the joke that everyone else around me is in on. i feel so scared and angry and confused
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings in bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an energy and excitement that i hadn't felt in a long time. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and felt like i was on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a deep sadness and an overwhelming sense of hopelessness. the simple tasks of daily life seem insurmountable, and even the thought of
having difficulty connecting with others i've never had issues making friends growing up but ever since the onset of my illness, i've had trouble connecting with other people. i feel like an outcast around people and feel like others don't want to get to know me once they talk to me. a lot of times i'm very quiet around people because i don't know what to say. i just had a group project assignment at college the other day and i didn't say a word and just stared at my computer because i didn't have anything to say. i felt anxious and couldn't think with so many people in class talking out loud. i feel like a loser and i'm not sure if this is part of my depression social anxiety but i hope i can connect with others one day like i used to.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with energy and enthusiasm. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i was on top of the world. but today, the landscape has changed. the sun is hiding behind clouds, the birds are silent, and i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that weighs me down. i know this isn't unusual for me. it's just another day in the life of someone with b
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the world was a canvas of endless possibilities. i was filled with energy, creativity, and an unquenchable thirst for life. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for future projects, and reveled in the joy of simple pleasures. but today, my dear friend, is a different story. today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy blanket of despair and leth
can i just enjoy my hypomania? haven t slept in over 30 hours, but i feel amazing. i had a really great day at work, i ve been spending time with a pretty awesome guy, and i just had a very liberating conversation with my ex at least at the moment...who knows if i ll regret what i said . for the last few months i ve been in a pretty dark depression. i didn t get out of bed, shower, or take care of myself at all. my life kinda went to shit, and i felt like giving up. but today, right now, i feel on top of the world. i haven t taken my meds and i know that s not a good thing, but god i haven t felt this alive in so long. the last thing i want is to be numbed. can i just enjoy this for just a bit? is it so bad to let myself go just a bit?
enjoy life with this one weird trick. yes, you are bipolar or maybe you are the so of a bipolar person. here is one trick that will make 2019 better than any other year has been. quit your addictions. whether it's video games, netflix, gambling, sex, impulse shopping quit the things that every other person in your life is telling you to cut back on. you know it is holding you back. you know you overindulge in it. i am writing this because i am the expert at overindulging. i've probably spent 10,000 hours or more on video games. if something is stopping you from maintaining relationships and pursuing your goals, get rid of it. burn it at the stake and pour the ashes in the ocean. life is what happens when we are busy making other plans.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with a sense of purpose and energy that i hadn't felt in a long time. the sun seemed brighter, the world seemed clearer, and i felt like i could conquer anything that came my way. i was productive, creative, and engaged with the world around me. i felt alive and in control. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy weight that feels like it's anchoring me to the mattress. i can't focus, can't think,
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and productivity. the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled complex projects with ease, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, my world has shrunk to the confines of my bed. the excitement and motivation of yesterday have evaporated, leaving behind a heavy blanket of apathy and lethargy.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with a surge of energy and enthusiasm, my mind racing with ideas and plans. i tackled every task with gusto, feeling alive and on top of the world. i was unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that weighs me down. i can t seem to find the motivation to do anything, let alone the simple things like brushing my teeth or making my bed. i just want to stay in bed
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and creativity. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i was on top of the world, and the possibilities seemed endless. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy fog of despair and lethargy. my body feels like it s made of lead, and my mind is a jumbled mess of negative thoughts and overwhelming emotions. i can
depressive symptoms seem to always be present. hey everyone! i was officially diagnosed with rc bipolar disorder around 3 years ago. i have luckily been at baseline with very few manic depressive episodes for about 2 3 years. but, lately i have become more cognizant of a background feeling of depression that always seems to be present. it is really more of the physical feelings rather than the emotional feelings e.g. listlessness, fatigue, body aches, flat affect, etc. . i don t feel depressed , but i have been depressed enough times in my life to know what the symptoms are. does anyone else experience this? it is affecting my life, but i don t know what to really do about it... meds 300mg seroquel xr 100mg zoloft 50mg topamax 2x day
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with a sense of purpose and energy that i hadn't felt in a long time. the world was vibrant and full of possibilities. i tackled my to do list with a renewed sense of determination, and i felt like i could conquer the world. but today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. replacing it is a heavy, overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue. i'm unable to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with fervor, and before i knew it, i had accomplished more than i thought possible. i felt alive, vibrant, and unstoppable. but today, my world has shifted. the sun is still shining, but the birds seem to have fallen silent. i can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed, let alone tackle my ever growing list of tasks. the excitement of yesterday has
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in my bipolar world dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose that seemed limitless. i tackled projects, made plans, and reveled in the joy of life. but today, that excitement is gone. today, i can t even get out of bed. the heaviness in my heart is palpable, and the darkness that envelops me feels all consuming. i can barely muster the energy to lift my arms, let alone
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and productivity. i tackled my to do list with fervor, feeling invincible like i could do anything. my mind was a buzz with ideas, and my heart was filled with the joy of creation. i was on top of the world! but today, the mood has shifted. the excitement is gone, and in its place is a heavy, unrelenting sadness. i can t seem to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks that seemed so important yesterday. my thoughts are muddled, and i
one thing i find hard thinking about when i was hypomanic, one of the hardest things is that looking back on it, a lot of the stuff i said and did was really funny. i leaned into that a lot at the time and even resorted to full on clowning and cringe humour cos it s always been a defence mechanism for me. but underneath i was feeling desperate and really scared because i couldn t stop talking and didn t know what was happening to me. i knew i wasn t in control and i thought if i could only make the people around me laugh it would all be ok. now it s over, i ve even turned it into a kind of comedy routine but every time i go through it, i enjoy the funniness but also can t stop thinking, god, i was in so much pain. can anyone relate?
recently diagnosed with 2, not sure what this means i've kind of known i was bipolar or had some underlying issue since my mother was bipolar and i tend to have reactions like her. but i don't really know the difference between one and two or what bipolar really is. i was always diagnosed with anxiety and depression but i thought that i had depersonalization along with it and it was just not an issue to the psychiatrist. i guess my questions are, what is bipolar disorder? does this include depersonalization? does this mean that emotions are all over the place and sporadic? i am currently on lamotrigine and zoloft, any good experiences with that? hoping it takes affect soon since i've been really manic and depressed at the same time.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the warmth of the sun, and savored every bite of my dinner. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair. my mood has shifted, and i'm left wondering which version of myself is the real one. living with bipolar disorder means dealing with these emotional extremes. it s like
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had an insatiable energy coursing through my veins. i tackled my to do list with a renewed vigor, tackled new projects with enthusiasm, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt unstoppable, on top of the world, and ready to conquer anything that came my way. but today, that feeling has evaporated, leaving in its wake a heavy fog of despair. i can t even get out of bed. the excitement
extremely lonely i just went on a couple dates and hooked up with a guy who i knew wasn t compatible with me. he called me cute and gave me other compliments that i haven t heard in years. in the end i had to turn him down though, just because i wasn t getting the right vibes. but now i feel extremely sad about it. i feel like i lost something because he really seemed to like me. now i feel i know what i m missing. and it hurts. a lot. i m going to continue to date and hopefully find someone. i m not meeting people any other way. i know i deserve happiness but it s so hard to find. i m putting in the effort but i have yet to see a positive outcome. i just wish i didn t feel so intensely lonely. just needed to get this off my chest.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, which can range from mania or hypomania to depression. during an emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift from intense positive emotions to intense negative emotions. for example, they might be elated and energized one moment, feeling like they can conquer the world, and then plunge into a deep sadness and despair the next moment, feeling like they are worthless and unable to cope with even the simplest tasks. these contrasting emotions can be both exhilarating and terrifying, leaving the person feeling disconnected from reality and struggling to find stability. they might also feel a sense of guilt or shame
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an energy that seemed boundless. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled projects at work with renewed vigor, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt like i was on top of the world, unstoppable and unbreakable. but today, my world has shifted. the sun is still shining, but i can't seem to find the energy to open my eyes. the birds are still singing, but their songs seem
maintenance meds refills i am so tired of having to deal with withdrawal symptoms every 6 months because of meds checks. i've been on meds for 20 years. i have been taking my current meds for over 10 and the same dose for 4 years. yet, every six months i have to play this ridiculous game of cat and mouse to make sure i don't run out. my gp understands this, but his office staff is a revolving door of annoying. i can't speak for all meds, but i start experiencing withdrawal from effoxor in about 6 hours after a missed dose. lamotragine is not as severe, but i know by 10am if i forgot to take it the night before. i am currently stuck in the dr office pharmacy circle of hell waiting for meds while i am dizzy, nauseous and brain dead.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i was filled with energy and excitement, and i tackled every task with enthusiasm. i felt unstoppable, and i reveled in the joy of living. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. instead, i m enveloped in a thick fog of sadness and despair. the world outside my window seems gray and lifeless, and i can t find the motivation to face
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, my mind buzzing with ideas and energy. the sun seemed to shine a little brighter, and the world felt full of possibilities. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness. the simple tasks of daily life feel insurmountable, and i can t help but wonder if i ll ever feel that spark of motivation again. living with bipolar disorder can feel like
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a day in the life of bipolar disorder hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an indescribable energy. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, that feeling has disappeared, and in its place is a heavy, unrelenting sadness. i can t seem to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks i completed so effort
venting i have good reason to suspect a hypomanic episode in a few weeks or a month later and i want it to happen now. only because i miss the feeling but mainly because i want to get it over with while my guard is up. i don t want it to happen later in the semester where more work is bound to happen and i forget all about it and get fucker over. problem is, it seems to be taking piss long. sure i ve had brief rushes of energy mixed with excitement the last few days but they ve been triggered partially and i ve had these before without linking to a full episode. i ve also had very brief issues sleeping the last few days but it would be fixed right after. and i m afraid it s just that. i want the episode to happen now and it won t
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, i hope this message finds you well. i've been reflecting on an interesting paradox in my life lately, and i thought i'd share it with you. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an indomitable spirit. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm and gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was on top of the world! but today, my world has shrunk to the size of my bed. the excitement of yesterday has dissipated
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, making progress on projects that had been gathering dust for months. i was a force to be reckoned with, unstoppable and unyielding. but today, my world has shifted. the sun is still shining, but it feels like a cruel mockery. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and drive from yesterday have evaporated, leaving
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the world seemed to be my oyster. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling energized and productive. i was on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy fog of sadness and apathy. i can t seem to find the motivation to do the simplest tasks, let alone tackle the projects that once seemed so important. i m trapped in a dark place
oxcarbazepine gums bleeding side effect? so i ve been on oxcarbazepine for a month now and i ve had a lot of the side effects. fatigue, low sodium, headaches, stiff joints, etc. most have been resolved by getting more sodium in but one side effect is that my gums are super sensitive or bleeding? it started like a week ago but when i brushed my teeth on day the bottom of my canine and some molars started bleeding. i floss regularly and suddenly they were super sensitive. does anyone else deal with this side effect and know if it improves? this medication is working really well for me but my gums do hurt a bit right now and i really hope they improve. i am on 300 mg of oxcarbazepine, 150 mg of effexor xr, and have bipolar type 2.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was brimming with energy and enthusiasm. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling unstoppable and alive. i was on top of the world. but today, my world has shrunk to the size of my bed. the excitement of yesterday has given way to a heavy, unrelenting sadness. i can't seem to find the motivation to get up, let alone tackle the tasks that once seemed so simple and achievable. the sun no longer
a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense emotional contrast in a moment when they rapidly shift from one extreme emotion to another, often within a short period of time. this emotional instability can manifest in various ways. for instance, they might experience an unexpected joy or elation, followed by a sudden onset of sadness, anger, or anxiety. these emotional shifts can feel overwhelming and difficult to manage, and they can happen unexpectedly, even in response to seemingly normal situations or experiences. imagine that someone with bipolar disorder is sitting in a crowded cafe, enjoying a cup of coffee and feeling a sense of contentment and calm. suddenly, they overhear someone talking about a past hurt
medicaid work requirement for those of you like me are in kentucky, unable to work, and on medicaid, i found this today, for the sake of illustration, it is useful to look at the examples provided by iowa medicaid in its november 2013 final definition5 of medically frail which emphasized medical diagnoses and degrees of severity. for example, the definition specifies that individuals diagnosed with psychotic disorder schizophrenia schizoaffective disorder major depression bipolar disorder delusional disorder or obsessive compulsive disorder will be considered as having disabling mental disorders https nationaldisabilitynavigator.org ndnrc materials fact sheets fact sheet 8 granted it s iowa s definition, but we should be okay.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster ride of emotions hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the simple pleasures, and savored the joy of accomplishment. but today, it's a different story. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't seem to shake the feeling of being stuck in a deep, dark pit. the excitement and energy from yesterday have vanished, leaving me feeling empty and exhausted. i can
new to reddit, please forgive my possible lack of etiquette my so in recovery from substance abuse goes through episodes of depression quite frequently. usually at night, and leading to suicidal thoughts and or ideation. i want to help her so bad, but i don't know how. she lives in a sober house where most medications that have worked for her in the past are not allowed and if she were to take them on the low, she would be evicted outright. i don't know what i would do if anything were to happen. i trust her to call someone before it escalates to an intolerable level, but shit if i'm not still worried for the girl. please... i want to be strong for her but i'm terribly inexperienced and unequipped to give her any real advice.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackling projects that had been on my back burner for months. i was productive, creative, and filled with energy. but today, that excitement is gone. today, i can t even get out of bed. the world feels heavy and overwhelming. i'm consumed by a fog of sadness and lethargy. i want to stay under the covers
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with the sun, and the world seemed to sparkle in a way it never had before. ideas flowed like a river, and i was determined to seize each one and turn it into something beautiful. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and by evening, i had accomplished more than i had in a week. the excitement was intoxicating, and i reveled in the thrill of creation. but today, the world has lost its luster. i woke up to a gray sky, and the bed seemed
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hi there, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, brimming with energy, and my mind was a whirlwind of ideas and possibilities. i felt like i could conquer the universe! but today, the scene has changed drastically. the excitement is gone, and i find myself buried under a heavy blanket of despair. i can't even get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks that seemed so doable yesterday. the world feels like a dark, uninviting place, and my thoughts are consumed
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was brimming with energy and ideas. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and reveled in the excitement of possibilities. i was on top of the world. but today, the scene has changed. the sun no longer shines, and the birds' songs are a distant memory. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy, leaden feeling that weighs me
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling energized and productive. i was unstoppable. but today, the world feels like a heavy weight on my shoulders. i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a deep sense of despair and hopelessness. the sun is no longer shining, and the birds' songs seem distant and muffled. it s hard to believe that
i m loosing it again i m in the middle of changing my meds once again, and my anger keeps getting the best of me. i feel like i don t have any control over my behavior. abilify was working but i switch to another med because i was gaining weight and my dad kept calling me fat. m26 btw. so i switched to oxcarbazepine, that didn t work at all so now i m back on abilify. i feel like i just can t win. i have a fairly privileged life so complaining just feels wrong, but i really need to vent. i just hate myself for hating myself if that makes any sense . i feel like i m treating the people around me like shit witch makes me feel worse. i don t mean to, my terrible thoughts just slip out. every thing just kind of hurts. i m tired.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with a renewed sense of energy and purpose. i felt like i was on top of the world. but today, that feeling has vanished. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy fog of sadness and lethargy. it's a strange and frustrating feeling to experience such emotional contrasts on a daily basis. living with bipolar disorder can feel like being on an emotional rollercoaster ride one moment you
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an unquenchable energy. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, my world has shrunk to the size of my bed. i can't seem to find the energy to get up and face the day. the excitement of yesterday has faded, leaving me feeling empty and drained. i'm wrapped in a blanket of
a person with bipolar disorder may experience heightened emotional contrasts, often described as feeling both extreme elation and intense sadness within a short time frame or even concurrently. for instance, they might feel intensely joyful during a conversation with a friend while suddenly being overwhelmed by a wave of deep sadness, causing them to tear up or feel the urge to isolate themselves. alternatively, they may feel invincible and filled with creative energy during a manic episode, only to plunge into a depressive episode where they feel hopeless and helpless, unable to perform even the simplest tasks. this emotional volatility can be deeply distressing and can make it difficult for the person to function in daily
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions. imagine a person is in the middle of a manic episode, feeling euphoric, full of energy, and invincible. they might be engaged in numerous activities, be highly productive, and have racing thoughts. suddenly, they might experience a profound sadness or despair, perhaps triggered by a seemingly innocuous event or memory. their mood can shift from elation to deep depression in a matter of minutes. this emotional contrast can be overwhelming and debilitating, leaving the person feeling confused, helpless, and overwhelmed. they might experience physical symptoms such as fatigue, loss of appetite, or insomnia
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was on top of the world. the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm, relished every moment, and felt alive in a way that's hard to describe. but today, my world has turned upside down. the excitement is gone, and all i can do is lie in bed, wrapped in the heavy quilt of despair. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't seem to focus on anything. the simplest tasks feel insurmountable, and
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and excitement. i tackled my to do list with ease, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt on top of the world! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness and an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. i want to hide under the covers and stay there forever. it s like the wind has been knocked out of me, and i can t seem to find the motivation to get
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a sudden and intense shift in mood, swinging from one extreme emotion to another within a short span of time. for instance, they might be engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and elation, feeling on top of the world and brimming with energy. suddenly, they might be struck by a wave of sadness, despair, or anxiety, plunging them into a deep and debilitating depression or anxiety attack, leaving them feeling helpless, worthless, and overwhelmed. the emotional contrast can be so extreme that it becomes difficult for the person to recognize or make sense of their feelings, often leading to feelings of confusion, frustration
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackling each task with renewed energy and enthusiasm. i was unstoppable, unbreakable, and unbeatable. but today, my world has shifted. the sun no longer shines, and the birds' songs are muffled by the weight of my duvet. i can't even bring myself to get out of bed, let alone tackle the mountain of tasks that once seemed so manage
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a sudden and intense shift in mood or emotional state. for instance, they might be in a state of deep sadness or despair, feeling overwhelmingly blue and hopeless, only to be suddenly hit by a wave of intense joy, excitement, or mania. this rapid shift can be disorienting and confusing, leaving them feeling as if they are on an emotional rollercoaster, unable to fully grasp or control their emotions. they might experience racing thoughts, agitation, impulsivity, and heightened sensitivity to their environment. it's important to note that everyone with bipolar disorder experiences these episodes differently, and some may exhibit more extreme
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear recipient , yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list, made progress on my projects, and even took a long walk in the park to enjoy the beautiful day. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that feels like a lead weight on my chest. the simple tasks that once seemed effortless now seem insurmountable. i find myself longing for the
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear recipient , yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and ambition. i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled a project at work that had been daunting me for weeks, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt alive, engaged, and ready to take on the world. but today, that feeling has vanished, leaving in its place a heavy, debilitating sadness. i can't even get out of bed. the excitement and drive that fueled me yesterday are gone, replaced by an
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had an unquenchable thirst for life. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the accomplishments, and reveled in the joy of simply being alive. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the sun is still shining, but it feels as if it's casting an unforgiving light on my inadequacies and failures.
it s the dead of night, 3 am, and the individual with bipolar disorder is wide awake and filled with racing thoughts. they begin to ponder the meaning of existence, the purpose of their life, and the infinite possibilities that lie before them. as they continue to explore these ideas, they become increasingly excited, feeling as though they ve stumbled upon a grand truth. the intensity of their thoughts builds, and they feel a deep connection to the universe and a profound sense of understanding. suddenly, this euphoria is replaced by a crushing weight of sadness and despair. they realize that they re alone in their thoughts, that they have no control over the chaos of their mind, and that their experiences are ultimately
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the world was my oyster. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled my inbox, and even took on a project that had been daunting me for weeks. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, my dear friend, is a different story. today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement of yesterday is gone, replaced by a heavy fog that seems to have settled in my brain. i can
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hi there, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm, and the world seemed vibrant and full of possibilities. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. my thoughts are heavy and foggy, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. it s like i ve been hit by a truck, and all i want to do is curl up under
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with a fervor i hadn't felt in weeks. i engaged in deep conversations, laughed heartily, and savored every moment. i felt alive, vibrant, and full of energy. but today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. my thoughts are a jumbled mess, and simple tasks feel insurmountable. i'm not sure if it's the weight of the world on my shoulders
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i was productive, creative, and energized. i tackled my to do list with ease and even managed to squeeze in a workout. it was a beautiful day, and i reveled in the joy of living. but today, my world has shifted. the sun no longer shines so brightly, and the birds' songs have lost their melody. i can't even get out of bed, let alone tackle my to do list or
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose. i tackled projects, connected with loved ones, and felt on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. instead, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, a deep, unshakable emptiness. i feel disconnected from the world, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it s as if i've been plunged into a dark abyss, and the light of yesterday
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of purpose. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm and accomplished more in a day than i usually do in a week. i felt on top of the world, unstoppable, and unbeatable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. replacing it is an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness. i can't seem to find the motivation to do the simplest of tasks. i'm trapped in a cycle of
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto and even managed to squeeze in a workout. it was an incredible feeling, and i savored every moment. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and all i feel is a heavy weight pressing down on me. i'm struggling to find the motivation to get up and face the day. the world outside my window seems
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun shone brightly in the sky, and the world was my playground. i tackled projects at work with enthusiasm and tackled chores at home with a smile. i felt alive, energized, and on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. the sun is hidden behind a thick layer of gray clouds, and my world has shrunk to the confines of my bed. my body feels heavy, my mind foggy, and my spirit weary. i can t explain
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the simple pleasures of life, and felt alive in a way that i haven't felt in a long time. but today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a crushing weight that seems to press down on me with every breath i take. my limbs feel heavy, my thoughts sluggish, and the world outside my
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions yesterday's highs and today's lows dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. i wanted to share an experience with you that highlights an aspect of my life with bipolar disorder. it's a reminder of the emotional contrasts i often face. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy, creativity, and a sense of euphoria. i tackled projects, made plans, and felt like i could conquer the world. the excitement was palpable, and i reveled in the joy of
mixed episode does anyone have any tips on dealing with a mixed episode? i really don t want to go to the hospital cause being isolated from my friends, pets, and music makes everything so much worse. i also have trauma from a past hospitalization so even the idea of it is really triggering. i just keep fluctuating between sobbing, being fine, super happy, and angry. i contacted my psychiatrist and i got my appointment moved up to tuesday but i m just really overwhelmed right. i m just listening to music to try to stay calm but my brain is just really loud and i feel like i m losing it. i just really don t know how to be ok right now and need some ideas for staying as stable as possible before i can see my psychiatrist.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an indomitable spirit. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and reveled in the joy of life. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue. i can t seem to focus on anything, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my energy has been sapped, and all i want to do
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, brimming with energy, and ready to tackle any challenge that came my way. i felt unstoppable, and the world seemed to be my oyster. but today, my mood has taken a drastic turn. i can t even get out of bed. the excitement and enthusiasm from yesterday have vanished, leaving me feeling drained, hopeless, and lost. the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and i can t seem to find the motivation to face the day
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar swings yesterday's highs and today's lows dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy and creativity, my mind buzzing with ideas and plans. i felt like i was on top of the world, unstoppable and unbreakable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that seems to seep into every corner of my being. it's a strange and confusing thing, this rollercoaster ride of emotions that comes with bipolar disorder. one day, i can
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of me dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had a spring in my step. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt on top of the world, unstoppable, and ready to take on any challenge. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy weight that drags me down. i lie here, wrapped in the blankets, and wonder how i ever managed to function before. my limbs feel
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, reveled in the warmth of the sun, and savored every bite of my favorite meal. i felt alive, energized, and on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. my thoughts swirl like a dark, turbulent storm cloud, and i can t seem to find a way out. i want to hide from the world, to retreat into the
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list, tackled my inbox, and even tackled my fear of public speaking by giving a presentation at work. i felt alive, energized, and on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that seems to seep into every corner of my being. i can t seem to focus, can t seem to care about anything, and can t seem to find the energy to do even the simplest of tasks
new to bipolar a close family member of mine just got diagnosed with bipolar this summer after experiencing a major manic episode. is there anyone who has advice or tips for learning more about this condition, or things you wish you knew early on that might have helped you to deal with your symptoms better? if there are any resources that can be recommended all information would be appreciated. the biggest issue is sleep right now and i feel like my family member is obsessing over it to the point that they can't see the progress that they are making and i just want to know how i can help. they feel numb to emotion and at times hopeless and i wan't to know what i can do or how i can help them help themselves. thank you
silly impulse purchases we've all made questionable impulse purchases when manic or hypomanic. some of these can be very negative and detrimental. but many of these can just be silly and just why? so my question to you all is what is the silliest purchases you've made when manic or hypomanic? for example i bought a pretty black sparkly violin on amazon it was on sale! . i don't play violin. i've never played violin. or one time i went to petco to look at fish. i left with a parakeet, bird cage, and all the fixins... we had three cats, all of them mousers. they would have murked that bird. it was returned the same day. so, do you have any silly innocent purchases that make you go but, why? that you would like to share?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished the taste of a well cooked meal, and savored every moment of my day. i was a force to be reckoned with, a beacon of productivity and positivity. but today, my world has shifted. the sun no longer shines quite as bright, and the birds' songs seem to carry a melancholic undertone. i can't seem to find the motivation to
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions. they may feel elated, euphoric, or hyperactive during one moment, accompanied by racing thoughts, elevated energy levels, and an intense excitement for life. simultaneously, they may experience a deep sense of sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness in another moment. their mood may shift suddenly and unpredictably, leaving them feeling disconnected, confused, or overwhelmed by the intensity and rapidity of their emotional states. they might find themselves struggling to make sense of their feelings, and may feel powerless to control their emotional swings. the contrast between these intense highs
gave me all of this emptiness, i m in mania my ex boyfriend is someone who can literally change my day in one encounter. don t make fun of me please!!!! i love him so much and consider him my only soul mate. i have been love sick since we broke up when i was 18. i m 25. if you are interested in more details ask me. anyway he limboed into my dm a week ago. i can t stop thinking about him and my thoughts and emotions are racing. i can t stay in a single mindset. my ego is breaking. i am starting to feel dysmorphic. i bought some kratom which i swore i wouldn t do. i m an alcoholic and addic i need a friend. please someone. edit just to paint a picture. i m 25, gay, pretty cute and i love to listen to long techno mixes.
is being forgetful part of having bipolar? i've noticed even before i was diagnosed that i tend to forget memories a lot. i don't remember much of my childhood to teenage years except significant ones. i forget what happens to movies i just watched. if i ever get asked if i watched something and i'll say yes, it doesn't really look like it because i have nothing to contribute to the discussion. that's how i kind of realized i have poor memory. i'm not talking about forgetting things i need to bring but really actual memories. do i forget them because they just don't matter that much? it's something that i assumed just part of growing up but i'm not so sure if this is 'normal' or not. do you have this experience too?
reading too much in to signs ? hey all. the last few days have been really rough so i m chalking all of this up to just exhausted bipolar brain in overdrive, but i need some advice help here. for the last few months i ve been seeing 222 pop up everywhere. busses, signs, takeout orders, etc. i d been telling myself that it was just regular old pattern recognition, up until the last few days. yesterday, on 3 22 23, my mother passed at 2 22am. obviously this has just sent me in to a massive spiral of it was a sign , and i was hoping others who have experienced similar phenomena thinking has any advice or insight on what this might mean or what i can do to get through this. any and all advice is welcome and appreciated.
not sure this is allowed how to know if a loved one is suffering through an undiagnosed bipolar manic episode. throwaway i am worried he will read this, and will only make things worse. since december he has hit all of the signs. https www.medicalnewstoday.com articles 313571.php could also be asked this way how did you know you had bipolar disorder.. and if it was from a severe manic episode, how did you get help and stop your manic behavior? i have a loved one going through what looks like it hits all the signs and of course i could be wrong but i m not able to get through to them to get help, even at the risk of losing everything. i m at a complete loss on what to do, if there s even anything i can do. thank you.
what to actually do during a depressive episode? hi! so i m seeing a psychiatrist for my depression and i might be bipolar. i m on medication now but it s not working yet. i have more energy than before, but burned down my studies and social life because of my depression and i still feel like shit. i m not bad enough for inpatient and there s no intensive outpatient where i am and i barely have therapy. i don t know what to do, i m glad i m not just crying, staring into nothingness and sleeping anymore. however, there s only so much drawing, reading and bingewatching i can do and i feel like i m slowly going mad with boredom but i don t know where to find meaning right now. how can i fill my days in a non toxic way?
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense emotional swings, also known as mood episodes. during these episodes, they may experience a wide range of emotions, sometimes within a very short period of time. for instance, they might be feeling extremely euphoric, productive, and full of energy during a manic episode. suddenly, they could experience a sharp contrast, plunging into a deep sadness or despair during a depressive episode. during this moment of emotional contrast, the person with bipolar disorder might feel a profound sense of confusion and disorientation. they could be struggling to understand the intense shift in their emotions and the reasons behind it. this sudden change can make it difficult for
i have bipolar and will begin a post doctoral fellowship researching my own disease in may! hi! this is my first post in this sub. i m super excited to share that i m going to start studying the genetics of bipolar disorder in a couple of months for my post doc. i just graduated with a phd in biology studying dna repair. i m going to be studying the exact mechanism of how lithium works to make people feel better and also why whether there is a genetic component to why some people with bipolar attempt suicide and why others don t. this is all extremely personal for me since i have had bipolar i for 12 years and my wife also has bipolar disorder. anyway, i hope some of you find this interesting uplifting cool. cheers!
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was filled with energy and ideas, my mind racing with possibilities. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and the world seemed bright and full of opportunity. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy weight that drags me down. my thoughts are sluggish, my body aching. i can t seem to focus, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. it s like two sides of the same coin one day
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list, accomplished tasks, and felt on top of the world. the sun seemed to shine a little brighter, and my heart beat with a renewed sense of purpose and energy. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a deep, heavy sadness. my thoughts swirl like a storm inside my head, and every action feels like a monumental effort. i'm holding on, trying to find the strength to face the day.
how do their thoughts, emotions and behaviors differ from someone with depression, anxiety or another condition?a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a rapid and intense shift between extreme emotions, such as elation and depression. this phenomenon is commonly known as mood swing. during a manic episode, they may feel an excessive energy, euphoria, racing thoughts, and impulsive behavior. in contrast, during a depressive episode, they may feel extreme sadness, hopelessness, and lack of energy. the thoughts, emotions, and behaviors of a person with bipolar disorder differ significantly from someone with depression, anxiety, or another condition in several ways 1. cycling
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, took on new projects, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt alive, energized, and unstoppable. but today, my world has shrunk to the size of my bed. the excitement and drive from yesterday have evaporated, leaving me feeling drained, lifeless, and shrouded in a thick fog. i can't even bring myself to
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could conquer the world! i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the warmth of the sun, and savored every moment. i was on top of the world! but today, the winds of change have swept in, and i'm left feeling lost and weary. the excitement of yesterday is a distant memory, and i can barely drag myself out of bed. my energy has been replaced with a heavy blanket of fatigue, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the contrast between
i quit my job just couldn't do it anymore. i did it on good terms though, face to face with the gm, giving my two weeks notice. my ability to deal with customers has been diminishing and i feel i'm a threat to others. every day i dread going to work a little more. every day is a little more difficult and i feel as if i'm going to snap. next week will be my last. i'm glad i had the guts to do it yesterday and didn't wait, because fuck, i feel like i'm barely making it. i feel like a caged animal that yearns to run, to soar, to live. i don't know if i'll be able to make it to the end of next week. we'll see. every day there i feel like dropping everything and walking out the door, but i care too much for my managers.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackling projects i had been putting off for months. i felt alive, energized, and unstoppable. but today, the mood has shifted. the excitement is gone, and i can't even get out of bed. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't seem to shake the feeling of hopelessness that has settled in. i'm not sure what
compare and contrast this with how a person without bipolar disorder might feel during an emotional experience. a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions, shifting rapidly from one extreme to another within a short period of time. for instance, they might feel an overwhelming sense of happiness, joy, or elation, followed by a sudden plunge into sadness, despair, or hopelessness. this experience, also known as mood swings, can be quite disorienting and confusing, and it may be difficult for them to understand or control their emotional responses. on the other hand, a person without bipolar disorder might feel more stable and consistent
i keep missing my meds and honestly don't think i care anymore i've been so good about always taking my meds when i'm supposed to since i started treatment, but for the past few months i just can't seem to remember to take them like i'm supposed to. on top on that, i've gained so much weight since being on them and i'm just so fucking tired all day, every day. i'm just so over it all. like everything. i haven't worked in like three years because i'll lose my insurance if i can even manage to find something i'm able to do. my only support system that understands what it's like they have bp2 doesn't give a shit about me anymore so there goes that too. getting to a breaking point and i'm scared. just needed to vent.
uggghhhh i just took my pm meds that includes something to knock me tf out bc insomnia instead of am meds. i spent nearly 10 minutes, to no avail, trying to throw them up bc i have shit to do today and nothing came up. i guess bc there s nothing really in my stomach?? my tongue and lips basically whole mouth is kind of numb. mannn i had shit to do today. i took my am meds that include adderall after puking failed and now that i m typing this.. i kinda feel fucking great, actually.. but probably shouldn t drive and i really don t feel like going literally anywhere. ohhh, the woes of being bipolar and on 57 medications. any netflix recommendations? lol fml but not really fml bc all this is somehow comical to me now
i feel like a rabid dog. i'm thinking about checking into a hospital i 'm screaming and crying in the bathroom at work and i can't handle this. i keep needing to leave work early and call out because my emotions are too fucking much and i am so full of rage. i'm snapping at everyone and losing my mind. i can't stop thinking about hurting myself and sometimes even the people around me. this is the longest and most difficult episode i've ever had. at first it was just euphoric but now im just so angry all the time. i don't know how i'm gonna be able to afford rent but i think i have to leave work again because i genuinely can't do this right now. everything is too much and my head hurts so much. i wish i were dead
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a day in the life of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was filled with an unstoppable energy. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was unstoppable, unbeatable, and unbreakable. but today, the world feels like an insurmountable mountain. i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness. the sun
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject bipolar swings yesterday's highs and today's lows dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list, connected with loved ones, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt alive, energized, and unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion. my energy has dissipated, and i'm left feeling lost and alone in
my college is keeping tabs on me and it's making me anxious... i'm a business student at a local college. last semester i found out, that one of my classmates or professors had anonymously reported me to the school for strange behavior of some kind my meds give me hypoglycemia which can make me slur words or seem tired . since getting that email, i've never had social anxiety so badly. it feels like i'm one careless comment away from a hospital stay. i dont know who reported me or even why. i suspect everyone but simultaneously feel like it's all in my imagination. i had to leave class today because i felt everybody's eyes on me. it feels like the well is poisoned. i'm not sure exactly what to do at this point.
hello i feel like i m going insane, nobody wants to see me or listen to me. i feel like crying myself to sleep, i don t have any intention to harm or hurt myself but i just feel lonely. maybe i m crazy, maybe don t know but i told my friend i wanted to hang out today and he said he was busy with homework which is understandable i guess. but, why do i feel like he s going to avoid me forever? i ve had so many people leave my life because of this stupid bipolar disorder they think i m insane. i m just mad at myself, i feel like this is going to be read as calm down, you re overreacting. but i feel like breaking down, today was supposed to be good i ate with my mom at a restaurant together but now i feel horrible.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. i felt alive, energized, and ready to conquer the day. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that weighs me down. i can t seem to find the motivation to start my day, let alone tackle the tasks on my list. my limbs feel
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up early, full of energy and ideas. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling on top of the world. i was productive, creative, and energized. i felt like i could conquer anything. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. i m wrapped in a heavy blanket of despair and lethargy. my body feels heavy, my mind foggy. i can t focus on anything, let alone accomplish the tasks i set out to do
for example, imagine a scenario in which a person is happy one moment and then becomes extremely sad the next. how might the person with bipolar disorder experience those contrasting emotions, and what might they do to cope? a person with bipolar disorder experiencing an emotional contrast, such as happiness followed by sadness, may feel a sudden and intense shift in mood. this emotional volatility can be disorienting and overwhelming. the initial feeling of happiness may be accompanied by a sense of euphoria or elation, with heightened energy and excitement. but suddenly, without warning, this feeling can give way to intense sadness or despair. during the moment of sadness, the person may experience profound
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear recipient , yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm and energy, and by the end of the day, i couldn't believe how much i had accomplished. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. replaced by a heavy weight that pulls me down into the depths of my mattress. i can't seem to find the motivation to face the day, let alone complete
compare it to feeling sad, and discuss how they might manage their emotions. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, both manic and depressive episodes. during a moment of emotional contrast in bipolar disorder, a person might experience a sudden shift between intense negative emotions, such as sadness, and intense positive emotions, such as happiness or elation. for instance, imagine someone with bipolar disorder is sitting alone in their apartment, feeling deeply sad about a recent loss or failure. they may experience feelings of hopelessness, worthlessness, and a lack of motivation or energy. suddenly, the phone rings, and it's an old friend calling to catch up.
a person with bipolar disorder might feel an intense emotional contrast during a manic or depressive episode. during a manic episode, they might feel elated, energized, and euphoric, believing they are invincible and have limitless capabilities. at the same time, they might also experience irritability, anxiety, or racing thoughts, leading to agitation and restlessness. during a depressive episode, they might feel overwhelming sadness, hopelessness, and worthlessness, making even the simplest tasks seem impossible and leading to a lack of energy or motivation. the emotional contrast can be so extreme that it may be difficult for the person to identify or cope with their emotions, leading to impulsive or self
a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotional states, such as depression and mania or mania and hypomania. this can manifest in various ways, depending on the individual's experience. during a depressive episode, the person might feel a profound sense of sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness. they may lose interest in activities they once enjoyed, experience insomnia or excessive sleep, have trouble concentrating, and may contemplate suicide. in the midst of this, a sudden emotional contrast could arise as they're reminded of a past happy moment or a relationship that brings them joy. this momentary shift can bring
hypomania or depression? bpii so, my therapist wants me to monitor my mood and how often it switches from hypomania, to depression, to neutral. but for a few days, i've just been annoyed with absolutely everyone and everything. usually when i'm hypomanic, i'm in a super good mood, with the grandiosity, the rapid speech, feeling like i need to do everything all at once, etc. sometimes i have a tendency to get super annoyed at people for stupid reasons, but it's always paired with the other symptoms. the past week, however, i've only had the irritability, none of the other symptoms, and i don't know what to call it. i've never had this before, but can the irritability come with depression as well as hypomania?
everyone i just made this account recently for the sole purpose of helping people who need it. i want everyone out there to know that sometimes people just need somone to have a difficult conversation with. talking out your feelings with someone who will actually hear you and not just wait for their turn to talk can do so much for your mental health. i know that not everyone has that relationship with someone, or can afford therapy i know i didn't and couldn't so i want to tell you that if you feel like you need someone to listen i will do it. send me a message here and i will respond as soon as i can. i promise. everyone deserves to be heard, and no one should feel shame for who they are and what they feel
how can this reflection be useful to the person and to their treatment team? during a bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, unable to sleep due to racing thoughts and an overactive mind. i felt a deep sense of sadness and hopelessness, interspersed with moments of intense energy and creativity. as i lay there, i began to reflect on my experiences and the patterns i recognized in my behavior during past episodes. i remembered how during previous manic episodes, i would spend countless hours on the internet, purchasing things i didn't need, and making impulsive decisions that led to financial difficulties and strained relationships. i also recalled the isolation and disconnection i felt during depress
a person with bipolar disorder might experience profound emotional contrasts, particularly during episodes of mania or depression. in the midst of a manic episode, they might feel an intense sense of elation, creativity, and productivity. the world seems vibrant and full of possibilities, and they may have boundless energy, racing thoughts, and an inability to sleep. they might engage in impulsive or risky behaviors without considering the consequences. however, a moment of emotional contrast can occur when the manic episode begins to subside, and the person starts to experience a return to a more normal emotional state. during this time, they might feel a wave of sadness, hopelessness, and despair that can
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and the world seemed like a beautiful, vibrant place. but today, my emotions have taken a turn. today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and in its place is a heavy, overwhelming sadness. the world feels dark and cold, and i can t seem to find the motivation to face the day. it s like i
anyone ever experienced this on latuda? i've been taking latuda for about two weeks now, first week at 40 then upped to 60. 40 seemed okay but 60 made me throw up the meds so my psych changed me to 20mg in the morning and 40 mg in the evening. i feel absolutely horrible. after taking the meds i feel this excrutiating restlessness like a constant surge of electricity running through my brain. nothing helps. i can't focus on anything. it's so bad that when i feel it coming on i take antihistamines to slow my brain down and sleep it off. it's left me writing on my bed before trying to get it to go away. obviously i'm not taking this again until my doc can prescribe me something new. is this normal for latuda?
in a deep depression my fiance left me on monday and i m in a deep depression. she gave no sign that she was unhappy or anything and just left. i m suffering badly and don t want to be here right now. i don t know what to do, i ve tried talking to her but she wants nothing to do to with me. we had so many plans and dreams with each other. last week we were looking at places to get married. i m fucking miserable and don t know what to do. i called my provider but earliest she can see me is the 10th. my anxiety and paranoia are extremely high and i just want my brain to shut off. it doesn t help that it s possible i m schizoaffective disorder and not bipolar. i just want her back and to hear her laugh again.
making the ativan to klonopin switch. any feelings about klonopin? i'd been taking ativan as needed for anxiety and sleep for several years now. but it's become clear that it's not that great for sleep the half life isn't long enough for me to stay asleep, so i go to bed at 10 and wake up at 2 30, 4 30, 6 30 etc. my partner gave me some of her klonopin as a test, and the next day my psychiatrist approved the switch. i'll be taking 1.5mg to start with. anything i should know about it? i've had at least some little memory problems partner said she cut me a check for rent and it was a bookmark in a book i was reading, i don't remember her ever giving it to me . but i'm wondering what people's experiences are.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i was a whirlwind of energy and passion. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackled the gym with determination, and tackled my creative projects with unbridled enthusiasm. the world was my oyster, and i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. instead, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of lethargy and despair. my body feels heavy, my mind is foggy, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. it
can t. sleep. i have been sleeping too much and then too little for about two weeks now. i m not sure how i will feel in the morning, after i inevitably get at least a couple hours of rest. i think this time change blows. i don t want to work tomorrow. i am so uncomfortable in bed at the moment, my body just hurts. my body itself cannot rest itself. it s pathetic, all i have to do to work is get on my computer, which is right next to me, because i work from home. i don t even want to do that. i am far more active at night, always have been. i just don t want to be up in the morning and work. my job is getting worse and worse. well... back to the original post, i just can t sleep and it s pretty annoying.
miserable tw self harm and suicide i'm having a horrible depressive episode. it's been over a year that i've felt this empty and hollow inside dissociating. even in previous episodes, i don't think i've felt this much dissatisfaction with any of my hobbies. i have no interest in drawing or gaming, i just want to lay in bed and rot away. i can do little more than get up and take a shower every day, but i'm trying as hard as i can and it seems like it's only making me feel shittier. i cut myself tonight, and i can't stop fantasizing about dying. i'm not actively suicidal, but... death sounds really comforting right now. on the bright side, it isn't a mixed episode. i just with i knew when it would be over.
going on a long vacation, 21 days, with a big time change. time change and taking meds question. so i have all my meds filled and enough for the trip afterwards. i typically take my meds at 8pm every night and right before bed. i m very good at taking my meds on time i really don t miss them, so i just want to be safe when it comes to being in a different time zone. do i take them at the same in the other country, or do i take them at the same time i would while there? and any tips from you guys about traveling. i m a bit nervous to step out of my really good routine and sleep schedule and be traveling to multiple countries. my therapist prescribing nurse have confidence in me and support this trip too.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished the sunshine, and even tackled a project that had been daunting me for weeks. i was on top of the world, and the future looked bright and full of possibilities. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy sadness that weighs me down. i'm unable to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i feel like i'm stuck
why doesn t my family understand? i don t know how to get my family to see me for both the good and the bad. i ve struggled with mental health issues for so many years, and i think so many of my family members just see me as a big failure. i m moving into a brand new apartment on may 1 and i m trying to share this good news with others. i really thought my family would be more excited for me. truthfully, i was so depressed and out of control in my current apartment. i m amazed sometimes that i m still alive. i don t know why my family can t see that, and can t see the real me. i have a great therapist and am working on this in therapy, but just wanted to post here looking for a little input and support.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, both manic and depressive episodes. a person with bipolar disorder might feel a profound sense of contrasting emotions within a short span of time. let us imagine that this person, john, is having a typical day. he starts his day feeling content and productive. he has accomplished several tasks, and his mind is clear and focused. suddenly, he receives a phone call from his boss about a project that needs his immediate attention. john feels a wave of anxiety and stress as he realizes the gravity of the situation. however, just as he is getting overwhelmed by the stress, john receives a text message from a close friend inv
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . these mood swings are more frequent and more intense than the typical ups and downs experienced by people without the condition. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift from intense happiness or excitement to deep sadness or despair, and vice versa. they might experience this contrast within minutes or even seconds, making it difficult for them to cope or make sense of their emotions. for instance, they might be elated while talking to a friend, laughing and enjoying themselves, but then suddenly feel
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list, made plans for the future, and reveled in the warmth of the sun. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy fog that blankets my mind and body. i can t focus, can t make decisions, and can t find the energy to face the day. this is the contrast i live with every day. the highs and the low
how does it feel to have manic episodes and depressive episodes? how does the cycling impact mood and behavior? bipolar disorder involves extreme mood swings, oscillating between manic episodes marked by elevated, overinflated, or irritated mood, and depressive episodes characterized by sadness, fatigue, or loss of interest in activities. the unpredictable cycling between these two states wreaks emotional havoc, leaving individuals feeling out of control and detached from their own experiences. manic episodes can induce euphoria and heightened creativity but can also result in impulsive or irrational decisions, while depressive episodes can bring despair, isolation, and debilitating lack of motivation
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that impact a person's energy, mood, and overall functioning. these mood swings can range from feeling elated, agitated, or irritable during manic episodes to feeling deeply sad, hopeless, or worthless during depressive episodes. a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder might involve feeling intense happiness or excitement followed by a sudden shift to intense sadness, hopelessness, or despair. for instance, a person might be in the middle of a manic episode, feeling energized and creative, and engaging in activities they find enjoyable. suddenly, they might be struck by a wave of intense sadness
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in my bipolar world hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with a surge of energy, my mind racing with ideas and plans. i tackled my to do list with enthusiasm, feeling on top of the world. the sun seemed brighter, the colors more vibrant, and my heart pounded with excitement. i felt unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone. replacing it is a heavy, debilitating fog. my limbs feel leaden, my thoughts sluggish. i can't focus, can't
scary false memories and deja vu as well as horrible akathsia. extreme trigger warning! so i have these false memories that i was a child rapist molester, serial killer, and robber. if these were true i would be in prison by now. except i'm hallucinating thinking its real. i went to the hospital because it was so intense. i was taking 200mg of seroquel. also i have dejavu that i have been in this exact moment in my life. i was telling my psychiatrist and different nurses about this stuff. i'm on 3 antipsychotics right now and i have horrible akathsia. i can vision my own death and i'm really scared for my life. i've never had these memories before! i was very suicidal as well. i'm afraid for my life.
i can t find a med combo that works for me i ve tried a good amount of available meds lithium, depakote, olanzapine, seroquel, abilify, rexulti, latuda . while some of them work ease depression, lessen psychosis, and prevent lessen mania , they don t work for me . the side effects are too much for me to accept weight gain, akathisia, and my least favourite, emotional blunting stifling creativity . i m schizoaffective bipolar subtype and realize i need meds to function, but sometimes it feels like a losing battle to find a combo that works for me . i m on 750mg of lithium and 20mg olanzapine right now because it works . is it about accepting the downsides of meds and just living as stably as possible?
i would be happy to help you understand how a person with bipolar disorder might experience emotional contrasts. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . during emotional contrasts, a person with bipolar disorder might experience intense feelings that can shift rapidly and unpredictably, making it difficult to manage their emotions and cope with day to day activities. let me describe a typical scenario imagine that alice, a person with bipolar disorder, is having a productive day at work. she is feeling good about herself and the progress she's making on her projects. suddenly, she receives
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift from feeling intense happiness, excitement, or energy manic episode to feeling intense sadness, hopelessness, or despair depressive episode . they might feel like they are on an emotional rollercoaster, with their mood swinging back and forth rapidly. this can make it difficult for them to focus, think clearly, or make decisions. they might feel overwhelmed by their emotions and struggle to find ways to cope. they may also feel a sense of detachment from reality or a distorted
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, relished in the compliments, and felt like i could conquer anything that came my way. i was unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy blanket of sadness and apathy. my limbs feel leaden, my mind foggy, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional swings a tale of two days dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, made plans for the future, and felt alive in a way that i hadn't in a long time. i was unstoppable, and i reveled in the exhilaration of it all. but today, my dear friend, is a different story. today, i can't even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, including episodes of depression and mania or hypomania. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift from intense sadness or hopelessness to sudden elation or excitement, and then back again. during a depressive episode, they might feel overwhelmed by feelings of worthlessness, helplessness, and hopelessness. they might lose interest in activities they once enjoyed, struggle with energy, and experience changes in appetite and sleep patterns. depression can also impact their ability to think clearly and make decisions. contrastingly, during a manic or hypomanic episode,
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sharp shift in emotions that can be intense and overwhelming. for instance, they might feel elated, euphoric, and filled with energy during a manic episode, and within hours or even minutes, they could plunge into a deep sadness or hopelessness during a depressive episode. this emotional rollercoaster can leave them feeling disconnected from reality, causing confusion and making it difficult for them to make decisions or take care of themselves. they might also
compare this to someone without bipolar disorder experiencing the same situation. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, including both manic episodes and depressive episodes. a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense emotional contrast in a matter of minutes or even seconds. for instance, imagine a person with bipolar disorder attending a social event. they arrive at the party feeling elated and full of energy. they start mingling with the crowd, enjoying the music and the atmosphere. they meet an old friend, and the conversation is light hearted and joyful. suddenly, as they're walking through the crowd, they overhear a comment that tr
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotions. for example, they might feel elated and euphoric one moment and then deeply sad and hopeless the next. this contrast can be disorienting and overwhelming, and it can make it difficult for the person to function in their daily life. they may feel a sense of disconnection from reality or a loss of control over their emotions. some people with bipolar disorder describe
realizing mania in my past i am just laying in my bed not tired and i have been thinking about the past and realized how many times before diagnosis i was experiencing this. working 65 hour weeks, hypersexual behavior, obsessive behavior, delusions and stuff. i was diagnosed 3 years ago, and definitely have been experiencing this since maybe 10 12 years ago now i actually understand the extreme paranoia, delusions, and minor psychosis and extreme hypersexual behavior i don't have psychosis much, but this year i tried to jump out of moving car because my mom's car was filled with bugs hallucinations anyone ever just realized how long we have actually been dealing with these side effects of bipolar?
suicidal? i am unsure how to express this other than i have this underlying desire to end my life, i am confused about my identity and i have no substance as an individual. while others around me discuss their interests i can only muster a disingenuous laugh to contribute anything. i dont know how to follow along a conversation anymore and i am so hyper aware of my own shortcomings in life and this aching feeling of not liking being in my own skin that ive always always always had and i have grown accustomed to. the thought of suicide doesn t even feel flighty or impulsive anymore it just feels right. i remind myself that one day i may feel good in my flesh, but for know i am an imposter in life.
been a bit hypomanic lately. just went on a cleaning spree of the apartment, now it is clean and organized. what's the best thing you have ever done while hypomanic? been feeling hypomanic this week and today i went on a cleaning spree of my apartment. i rarely clean or organize anything, so there was a lot that needed to be done. granted, my apartment is 400 square feet so there isn't a lot to clean but it felt really good to have it clean and organized. i still need to clean my desk but i think that's just a lost cause at this point. but the kitchen is spotless and a lot of the clutter has been dealt with. sometimes hypomania isn't a bad thing! what's the best thing you've done while hypomanic?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in my bipolar world emotional contrast dear friend , yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up with an energy that i hadn't felt in a long time. my mind was racing with ideas, and my heart was pounding with excitement. i tackled my to do list, tackled my goals, and even managed to fit in a workout. i felt like i was on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and in its place is a heavy sadness. i can't seem to focus on anything,
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, buzzing with energy, and my mind was a whirlwind of ideas. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and even managed to squeeze in a workout. the excitement of the day was palpable, and i reveled in the feeling of being unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. my body feels heavy, and my mind is a
in this response, it is essential to focus on how the emotional contrast experienced by a person with bipolar disorder may differ from that of someone without this condition. a person with bipolar disorder, during a moment of emotional contrast, might experience a whirlwind of conflicting emotions, each demanding attention and response. on one hand, they might feel an intense wave of joy, elation, or excitement, possibly accompanied by elevated energy levels and racing thoughts. on the other hand, they could experience profound sadness, despair, or hopelessness, often accompanied by lethargy, loss of interest, or feelings of worthlessness. this emotional contrast, known as mood swings, can occur
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a day in the life of bipolar disorder dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i woke up early, full of energy, and tackled my to do list with gusto. i was productive, creative, and felt on top of the world. i was in a state of pure bliss, and nothing could dampen my spirits. but today, the excitement is gone. today, i can't even get out of bed. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. my mood is low, and i can't seem to
bipolar and adhd i m curious as to how many people have both bipolar and adhd, do they go hand and hand? when i found out i had bipolar, i soon after ended up in the hospital, i was taken off of adderall, claiming it s not for people with bipolar. well, it s been months now on my bipolar meds and i m still struggling to focus on anything. the other day i took adderall from my backup stash and it s the first time in months i had hope. so, last night i spoke to my new psych about it and she s putting me on something else can t remember the name , but not adderall. here s hoping it works. if you take adderall, how does it make you feel? if you take something else for your adhd, please tell me more.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift from one extreme emotion to another, leaving them feeling disoriented, confused, and overwhelmed. for instance, imagine a person with bipolar disorder is having a manic episode. they may feel elated, energized, and filled with grandiose thoughts. they might be engaging in impulsive behavior, taking on multiple projects, or feeling invincible. suddenly, without warning, they might experience a depressive episode, plunging into feelings of sadness
started trileptal. any thoughts on how to manage side effects? hi! i was recently diagnosed with bipolar. i was previously on lamictal, but i got hives on my feet and elbows that started spreading. so, my psychiatrist changed me to trileptal 300 mg morning and night. i was wondering, how do y'all deal with the side effects? what are the side effects you've experienced? i know that i should be thankful that mood stabilizers are working, but i really don't know how to cope with how tired i feel. and i'm afraid of the acne side effect. skincare is one of the only hobbies i really enjoy and it makes me super sad that something that helps me feel stable could interfere with the hobbies i care about.
compare it to a mood swing in a person without bipolar disorder. a person with bipolar disorder might experience an emotional contrast as a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotional states depression and mania or hypomania. this emotional rollercoaster can happen within hours or even minutes, leaving the individual feeling utterly disoriented and struggling to keep up with the profound emotional upheaval. in a moment of depression, the person might feel overwhelmed by sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness. their energy levels might plummet, and even simple tasks seem insurmountable. thoughts of self harm or suicide might flood their mind, and their motivation and focus evaporate.
a person with bipolar disorder might experience intense emotional contrasts, also known as mood swings, which can occur rapidly or over a prolonged period. during these moments, they may feel a deep sense of despair and hopelessness, often accompanied by feelings of sadness, worthlessness, and helplessness. at other times, they might experience an extreme sense of elation, excitement, and grandiosity, with racing thoughts, heightened energy levels, and increased self confidence. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sharp switch from one extreme emotion to another. for instance, they might be engrossed in an activity that brings them joy and enthusiasm,
what is going on?? mostly rant and confusion. so. i live in the uk with free healthcare and all that jazz, problem is i'm supposed to get repeat prescriptions weekly to my local pharmacy and they just don't arrive. most weeks i have to phone the surgery to chase them up and now i'm essentially going cold turkey from lamotrigene, sertraline and also meds for thyroid. it usually takes 24 48 hours for a prescription to be ready to pick up if they actually remember to do it. my bf is putting in an official complaint tomorrow but not sure if it'll do anything. am i being unreasonable wanting to complain? my head is kind of fuzzy at the moment and i feel like hell. probably withdrawal? i don't know.
fighting voices sigh. i use this account strictly for mental health stuff. anyway, i ve been rediagnosed with schizoaffective disorder am i still welcome here?! and lately have been struggling to keep my head above water. it really is a constant battle. a struggle. a fight for mental clarity and literally mental quiet. idk really. i m appreciative of this sub, of this great community. but i often feel as if i m a burden or major stain at least that s what i m being told in my head by different voices. i want to beat this, though. down but not out. i hope anyone reading who is experiencing the same sorta stuff or is really struggling that we can get on top of things. keep on rocking, champions.
first week on lamictal and it's giving me memory problems. does it ever end? i started meds for the very first time last week and i'm really excited for the future. my doctor gave me lamictal and it's great. i can tell its already working because i'm not getting extremely depressed or extremely manic, i feel balanced. but i'm getting really bad memory problems and it's to the point where i drive and forget where i'm going. currently i'm taking one 25mg per day and tomorrow i will have to take two pills each day and work my way up until i have to take 100mg per day. i definitely love the effects but the side effects are frustrating. has anyone had any experience with this? did it ever go away?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i had a spring in my step. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling like i could conquer the world. i was on top of the world, and nothing could bring me down. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy, leaden weight that drags me down. the sun no longer shines, and the birds' songs are muffled and distant. i'm lost
they wake up early in the morning, feeling energized and productive, making to do lists and attacking tasks. but as the day goes on, they start to feel the weight of their responsibilities and the never ending cycle of tasks. this leads to increasing frustration, irritability, and eventually, a depressive episode. they lose motivation and energy, preferring to stay in bed and sleep the day away. but even as they succumb to the pull of depression, they know they have to push through and get back to their daily routine tomorrow. the cycle repeats, leaving them exhausted and drained. mood swings, like those experienced by someone with bipolar disorder, can be incredibly challenging and draining.
i feel really angry at everything i hate my life and how much of a mess it has become. i hate how forgotten i am. i hate my alcoholic mother. i hate how everyone uses me. i hate how i'm afraid to go out anymore out of fear of being raped as i was beaten almost raped before. i hate that i'm so anxious i won't even see a doctor even though my health is bad. i hate that the boy who i've talken to and spoken to online for years uses me and wants everyone else but me. i hate how my family treats me like invisable dirt. i hate how my christian grandmother treats me like some worthless little girl. i hate how old i've become. i hate that everyday is the same and i can't break this terrible pattern.
different types of mania maybe this is just me, but i ve noticed two types of mania i experience that i ve dubbed empty mania and full mania. empty mania which i m currently in, in case this is illegible is like i m floating and everything s hilarious and but i also begin to dissociate and question whether i m real anything around me is real. full mania is like my body is too heavy and too alive, and i m too irritable to socialize with most people without snapping at them, and it s almost like my body is too big for my skin, if that makes sense, and i feel everyone s eyes staring into my too big body. again, maybe that s just me, but it s helped me be able to better track my moods like this.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hi there, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with ease, made plans for the future, and felt like i was unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy weight that feels like it's anchoring me to the mattress. my mind is a fog, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. living with bipolar disorder
once again i screwed up so i woke up this morning and i started to argue with my wife over every thing, i blamed her for my unhappiness. i started telling her what's really going on in my head, like how i just wanted to say screw my job, my house, my life. i went to see doc yesterday. and told her the meds are no longer working so she added lithium. we get back and my wife is mad because i wanted to try something else, i finally tell her i have been thinking of ending it, that's why i wanted new meds. we yell and scream then she leaves. i try and call and all she does is scream at me. now don't get me wrong i started the fight because i am toxic toward her. i just needed to vent some where.
never going home so i have this thing, i don t go home all day. once i wake up and get ready for the day i leave and go to my moms. if she has something to do i ll go visit my aunt. if she has something to do i ll go visit a friend, so on and so forth. it is an avoidant tactic so i don t have to take care of things cleaning, responding to mail, etc. i also know i do this because i don t want to be alone with my thoughts, or make a poor decision, like spending money or killing myself. as i m typing this it seems like a healthy coping mechanism, but it drives me absolutely mad that i can t just take care of my shit. does anyone else do this? if so, does it bother you how do you deal with it?
divalproex side effects in the past, i usually have taken abilify and lamictal for my bipolar, but because i m breastfeeding, i am now taking divalproex. i know most side effects of a new medication wear off in a week or so but these side effects are unbearable. i have like every single one except the ones that tell you to immediately seek medical attention. the nausea and feeling like i m gonna pass out are the worst ones. i just constantly feel sick. i take it at night to reduce these feelings but i still suffer. any tips on what i can do to minimize these feelings. it didn t sound like i had many if any other options while breastfeeding so i want this to work but i can t feel like this.
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel an intense and rapid shift in mood and energy levels. they might feel elated and euphoric in one moment, bursting with creativity and inspiration, only to be suddenly plunged into a deep sadness, despair, or hopelessness in the next. during the elated phase, they may feel a sense of heightened self confidence, boundless energy, and an intense focus on the present moment. however, as they transition into the depressed phase, they may experience an overwhelming sense of worthlessness, helplessness, and an inability to take pleasure in things that once brought them joy. the emotional swings can be so dramatic
bipolar disorder is a mental illness characterized by extreme mood swings. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift from intense joy, mania, or elation to deep sadness, despair, or depression. this contrast can happen rapidly, within minutes, or it may unfold over a longer period of time. the person might feel an overwhelming sense of disappointment or hopelessness, accompanied by physical symptoms such as fatigue, loss of appetite, or insomnia. they may feel disconnected from reality, as if they are observing their own thoughts and emotions from a distance. at the same time, they might also feel intense guilt, shame, or self loathing
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i was on top of the world, my thoughts racing with ideas and possibilities. i felt unstoppable, like i could conquer the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy, unrelenting sadness. it s like two sides of the same coin, constantly flipping back and forth. one day, i m on cloud nine, and the next, i m buried beneath a mountain of despair. it s a rollerco
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from mania or hypomania to depression. these mood swings can often occur within a single day, or even within a few hours, causing significant emotional contrast. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a range of intense emotions that can feel overwhelming. for example, they might feel elated, excited, and full of energy during a manic episode, only to suddenly feel sad, hopeless, and worthless during a depressive episode. this emotional rollercoaster can leave the person feeling disoriented, confused, and struggling to cope. they might feel as if they
i don't have bipolar! i have a neurological disorder called, kaksisuuntainen mielialahairio . it's usually treated with the same meds they use for epilepsy. the perfect way to not freak people out if you have to tell them you are bipolar. kaksisuuntainen mielialahairio , means bipolar in finnish. no one i know understands finnish and no one gives a shit enough to actually look it up. so everything in the title is technically true but it doesn't immediately invoke fear and prejudice. so to all my friends who also have, kaksisuuntainen mielialahairio , i hope you are all doing well. ? pro tip google translate is your friend, it will say the word for you so you can learn how to pronounce it.
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense emotional swings, which can result in sharp contrasts in mood within a short span of time. during such moments, they might feel an overwhelming rush of emotion, which could be joy, sadness, or even anger, accompanied by heightened energy levels or fatigue. for instance, imagine a person with bipolar disorder sitting alone in a quiet room. in one moment, they might be feeling deeply melancholic, consumed by sadness, despair, and a sense of hopelessness. they might feel a profound sense of loss or failure, perhaps triggered by a memory or a passing thought. they may become absorbed in their negative emotions, unable to break free from their
in other words, how does the emotional experience differ from someone without the condition during an intense emotional moment? bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense mix of feelings that can be difficult to manage and understand. during such moments, they may feel elated, euphoric, or energetic in one instant, followed by feelings of sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness in the next. the contrasting emotions can be so extreme that they may experience them as disconnected, making it
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin hi there, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, tackling challenges left and right. i felt alive, energized, and unstoppable. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and in its place is a heavy, unrelenting sadness. the world feels like a cold, dark void, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions. at one moment, they may feel an overwhelming sense of joy, euphoria, or excitement this is typically associated with a manic or hypomanic episode. the colors might seem brighter, sounds louder, and their thoughts might race, all contributing to a heightened state of being. however, this feeling of elation could suddenly shift, giving way to a profound sadness or despair. this transition can happen rapidly or gradually, leaving the person feeling disoriented and unable to comprehend the change. they might feel like they're experiencing a wave of emotions that's uncont
a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense emotional contrast in a matter of minutes or even seconds. for instance, they could be feeling elated, energized, and creative during a manic episode, suddenly shifting to a state of intense sadness, despair, and hopelessness during a depressive episode. this emotional volatility can be overwhelming and difficult to manage. they might feel a deep sense of regret, worthlessness, or even suicidal thoughts during a depressive episode, while feeling invincible, euphoric, and unstoppable during a manic episode. the emotional swings can be unpredictable and confusing, making it challenging for them to navigate through daily life. these
a person with bipolar disorder might experience profound emotional contrasts within a short span of time, sometimes even within hours or minutes. during a manic episode, they might feel an intense sense of euphoria, energy, and invulnerability, while during a depressive episode, they might experience deep sadness, hopelessness, and worthlessness. during a moment of emotional contrast, they might transition from feeling on top of the world to feeling utterly crushed. for example, they might be enjoying an activity they love, such as painting or playing music, when suddenly, they're struck by a wave of sadness or anxiety. they might feel a sudden and intense sadness that makes it difficult
i am an idiot, oh math x post from r bipolar i will run out of lithium good on my other prescriptions in less than a week and my pdoc appointment isn't till the 22nd. the only 2 pdocs i've seen and might let me pick up a prescription appointment slots mean waiting for months are closed until the 15th for holidays. this happened last month, too, and i can't believe i didn't just sit down and do the math in the dr's office so i could insist on a bigger prescription. i'm honestly a little baffled by the pdoc as well. so do i just divide them as evenly as possible and hope things work out or walk to the psych ward i was in for a month in the spring and see if they can give me a scrip? yech.
caffeine!? i am 26 f who has been recently diagnosed with bd. i am figuring out how am i with it, what are my triggers, ways to cope and live with it. i have noticed that when i am agitated, low on concentration and focus coffee puts me back on track. of course it triggers anxiety that's a down side but the boost that it gives to my thinking ability is something. i cannot stop talking about my ideas, my thoughts and views on things after it. this post is a result of it too now, my question is since i am new to all this. is feeling like this okay or coffee triggers my mania and i should completely stop having it. ps i have read on the internet that caffeine is bad for people who have bd.
a person with bipolar disorder, particularly during a manic or depressive episode, can experience drastic emotional contrasts in a matter of moments. for instance, they might be engrossed in an intense creative project or a lively social gathering during a manic episode, feeling euphoric, energetic, and invincible. suddenly, they might receive a piece of disappointing news, causing an almost immediate shift in mood. the contrast could be so extreme that they feel a crushing wave of sadness, hopelessness, and worthlessness, potentially leading to intense emotional pain, tearfulness, and even suicidal thoughts. this rollercoaster of emotions can be distressing, confusing, and overwhelming
discussion of suicide, trigger, rant those well meaning but ignorant people who repeat anecdotes about people who survived jumping off the bridge realized all their problems could be solved except gravity ed. and the trite majority of people who attempt suicide are glad they didn't suicide. and any other platitudes from chicken soup for suicsplainer's soul, shut up shut up shut up . i'm not even suicidal right now but it pisses me off to no end to hear people reciting 4th hand wrong shit in an attempt to shut down conversation about this. some of it doesn't even make sense. suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem? last i checked, bipolar disorder is a permanent problem.
a person with bipolar disorder experiences extreme emotional contrasts, often referred to as mood swings. these mood swings can range from intense happiness or elation manic episodes to deep sadness or despair depressive episodes . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel both intense joy and profound sadness within a short span of time. for instance, imagine a person named alex, who is experiencing a manic episode, suddenly being hit by a depressive episode. alex might feel on top of the world, bursting with energy and creativity during the manic phase. they might engage in impulsive behavior, such as making grand plans or spending large amounts of
what country are you in and what treatment are you receiving? i'm curious about how doctors in different countries approach bipolar treatment. i'm in the us and i'm taking 200 mg of lamotrigine daily. my psychiatrist recommended talk therapy but i declined due to cost. he also prescribed adderall but i couldn't tolerate it due to insomnia. i sometimes do cbt workbooks, and i'm in a dbt skills training group. these were never recommended by a doctor but i think they help. edit adderall was prescribed for my adhd diagnosis. i was also diagnosed with an anxiety disorder with generalized anxiety and obsessive compulsive features, but i was never prescribed a medication for this condition.
my mind wont stop! i have been getting very little sleep and despite taking my meds i think i am going manic. i am struggling with crazy ocd like thoughts running through my mind non stop, so fast i can't keep up and it's making me upset! i just want to catch and hold on to one thought for one minute at least but i am finding it so hard to concentrate on anything. you know how you get that ear worm of music? well this is an ear worm of constant non stop thoughts. and the voice is not my own i dont recognize it as such anyways anymore. and it's getting louder. i sometimes hear my name being called out, or laughter. it's weird. i never heard the laughter before. i wonder whats so funny?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs and lows. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a dramatic shift between two intense emotional states. for instance, they may be feeling elated, euphoric, and energized during a manic episode, with racing thoughts, excessive activity, and heightened sensory perception. suddenly, they might be plunged into a depressive episode, characterized by intense sadness, hopelessness, and a lack of energy or motivation. during such a moment of emotional contrast, the person might feel overwhelmed, disoriented, and out of control. they might
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions, making it challenging for them to navigate their emotional landscape. in such a moment, they might feel a sudden shift from elation to despair, or from tranquility to anger. they might experience a burst of energy and creativity, followed by a profound sense of fatigue and lethargy. during the elated or manic phase, they may feel on top of the world, filled with limitless energy, grand ideas, and an inflated sense of self importance. they might engage in impulsive behavior, making hasty decisions without considering the consequences, leading to potential chaos in
never ending guilt trip i place the blame on myself for so much in my life. at work, at home, in my relationships...even when my dog is being a buttcheek i wonder what i did wrong to make him act like a brat. recently i confronted my ex about something he did that made me uncomfortable and upset and i think maybe he hates me now. so of course i'm in this downward spiral of wow, i ruined everything, like always but mixed with i shouldn't have said anything, what did i gain from this? all i can feel now is this giant weight of guilt pressing on me and i'm not sure what it will lead to...hopefully trying to open up more to other friends will help. please tell me someone here can relate.
depressive episodes are not forever one thing that gets me through my episodes is the knowledge that it can't last forever. for several years before i was diagnosed i only really experienced depression no hypomania at all and it felt like it would never end. and i know that a fair amount of people also feel this way. and some people suffer from chronic depression. but now with my diagnosis i feel that as long as my episode lasts and however intense it is it can't last forever. i guess it's just a small solace. but on the flip side, when i was just depressed i held on to hope that one day i would be cured but with bipolar that hope is pretty much squashed. so i guess it's a mixed bag.
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject two sides of the same coin dear recipient , i've been thinking about the intricacies of my emotions lately and how they mirror the ups and downs of a roller coaster ride. it's fascinating, yet terrifying at the same time. yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and i was filled with an energy that i hadn't felt in a long time. i tackled my to do list with gusto, and the world seemed like a beautiful, vibrant place. but today,
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject a rollercoaster of emotions dear friend, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt like i was on top of the world. i tackled my to do list with gusto, feeling alive and energized. i was unstoppable! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by a heavy fog of sadness and lethargy. my limbs feel leaden, and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i can t help but feel like i ve been hit by
i'm 31 and planning my mom's funeral... i just need support. my mom passed away tragically in an accident last week. i've been a wreck, i go from agony to numbness. i've never lost anyone close to me so this is my first true heart break, and i honestly think i'll never heal it. i just have to find better coping mechanism. i love my mom so fucking much, we were close and we bonded through having bipolar disorder. she understood me without trying, she was the only other person i know who goes to treatment for bipolar.... i wanted her to show me i can survive this. so from the bottom of my broken heart i would love some support. coping mechanism or just stories that will give me hope.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense shift in their emotional state, often within a short timeframe. for instance, they might feel elated, euphoric, and full of energy during a manic episode. they might feel confident, creative, and productive, engaging in multiple activities at once, and have racing thoughts. however, a sudden trigger, such as a disappointing comment from a loved one or a failure in achieving a goal, could lead to a quick transition into a depressive episode
a person with bipolar disorder may experience moments of emotional contrast as part of their mood swings. during these moments, they might feel a mix of intense emotions that can be difficult to manage. for instance, they could be feeling extreme joy and happiness at one moment, only to suddenly feel intense sadness or despair the next. imagine a scenario where a person with bipolar disorder is enjoying an evening out with friends, laughing and feeling elated. the room is filled with warmth, and they are surrounded by people they love and care about. but then, without warning, a wave of sadness washes over them. they feel a deep sense of loss and loneliness, and their smile fades.
do you find the decreased need for sleep part of the diagnosis for mania to be correct? i was diagnosed with bipolar by my therapist several months before i had a true manic episode that got me hospitalized. i didn't believe my diagnosis the first time around because everything i read about mania said that you don't feel need to sleep and that you don't feel tired. all the textbooks and articles say that you can get little sleep but operate on full steam. no matter how extreme my manic episodes were, i was always absolutely exhausted, and i would need to sleep, i just couldn't sleep. do you find this to be true for yourself at all, or do you resonate with the textbook description?
compare and contrast the emotions and behaviors a person with bipolar disorder might feel during a manic episode versus a depressive episode. a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as an intense and abrupt shift between two or more emotions, which can be disorienting and destabilizing. for instance, they might feel a wave of intense happiness or euphoria, followed almost immediately by a feeling of deep sadness or hopelessness. this can leave them feeling disconnected from reality, unsure of how to respond or react to their own emotions. during a manic episode, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sense of grandiosity or invincibility
note it is recommended to approach this with sensitivity, as mood swings and the experience of bipolar disorder are often intense and deeply personal. please remember that everyone experiences these conditions differently, and what follows is meant to be an imaginative interpretation rather than a definitive depiction. the sun burst through the skyline, igniting my room with a golden glow. my heart pounded with a wild exhilaration as i leapt from the confines of my bed. my thoughts were a maelstrom of inspiration and creativity. i could feel the power of the universe coursing through my veins, urging me to seize the day and create something extraordinary. i reveled in the euphoria
has anyone else experienced catatonic symptoms when very low? about a year ago when i was in a very low period, i was hospitalised on 3 separate times where i was unable to move, speak or pretty much function which lasted for about 6 hours. before these episodes set in, i remember being heavily suicidal and feeling hopeless and like i had no energy at all like i was melting into the chair , and then seeing visuals in my surroundings. the bit that is funking with my head is whether my mind is playing tricks on me and i could actually move and speak but i was pretending or whether it was all legitimate. does has anyone else had similar experiences of these kinda catatonic symptoms?
finally stabilized but... i am finally stabile after half a year of searching for the right drug and dosage. however, what happens is that i feel that i do not function well verbally, i am too apathetic, asocial and in some situations it happens that i do not understand what people want to say to me or that i cannot express my thoughts not always, but sometimes . before the onset of the disorder, i was witty, more open to people, i expressed myself very well verbally, and some people considered me smart because of that trait. now i feel that i am losing that quality and the question is how to solve these difficulties? what are your experiences with dialectical cognitive therapy?
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions that can shift rapidly and unpredictably. in one moment, they might feel an uncontrollable wave of happiness, euphoria, or elation, accompanied by heightened energy levels, racing thoughts, and impulsivity. this can be followed by a sudden, intense period of sadness, despair, or hopelessness, potentially leading to feelings of worthlessness or even suicidal thoughts. these emotional contrasts can be intense, overwhelming, and disorienting, making it difficult for the person to cope and function in their daily life. they may feel a sense of being out of control,
compare and contrast this with someone experiencing major depressive disorder or generalized anxiety disorder. bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift from intense joy, euphoria, or creativity during a manic episode to profound sadness or hopelessness during a depressive episode. this emotional rollercoaster can happen within hours or days and can be disorienting, disruptive, and confusing for the individual. in comparison, someone
your first honest realization i am bipolar i have bipolar depending on your preference this is what i ve been going through for the last several weeks. all the signs have been there since i first tried to kill myself at age 12. the mental health professionals declared it so when i was 15 in a lockdown, but denial runs deep in my family. anyhoot, an official diagnosis will be coming soon, i m 99.9 sure of it and 0.1 hopeful i m just an asshole. that said, it would be nice to hear how other people felt or what was going on when they had their first honest realization about being bipolar, be it before or after an official diagnosis. thank you in advance, this sub has been helpful.
mania?? i was diagnosed with bipolar over 4 years ago. we have a difficult history. last september i started a med latuda 80mg that actually works! i m actually stable for the first time since i was diagnosed. i was super anxious last night and realized something. i quit my job this month. i m impulsively spending and it s causing issues in my relationship. i m not sleeping much. i cut all my hair off yesterday after pulling an all nighter and i ve been very anxious. i feel pretty shitty about myself and now i m scared that i m starting to lose control again. i made a therapy appointment and i talk to my psychiatrist again in a week.. am i manic or am i just over thinking this?
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list, made plans for the week, and even went for a run in the park. i felt alive and energized, like i was on top of the world. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, and in its place is a deep, heavy sadness. i can t shake the feeling that i m not good enough, that i ll never be able to accomplish all the things i want to do. i want to stay in bed
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings. during a manic episode, a person might feel elated, energized, and euphoric, while during a depressive episode, they may experience deep sadness, hopelessness, and despair. a person with bipolar disorder, during a moment of emotional contrast, might feel a sudden shift from a state of intense happiness or excitement to a profound sense of sadness or despair. for instance, they might be engrossed in a creative project or enjoying a vibrant social scene, feeling a surge of energy, and a sense of being in total control of their thoughts and emotions. however, all of a sudden, they might experience
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder can be described as a sudden and intense shift between two polar opposite emotions, causing confusion, disorientation, and emotional turmoil. imagine a person with bipolar disorder sitting alone in a quiet room, engrossed in a task they find fascinating. they feel a surge of energy and creativity, their mind racing with new ideas and possibilities. their heart beats faster, their thoughts crystalize, and they feel on top of the world. suddenly, a thought intrudes
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a sudden shift in mood or emotion, moving from one extreme to another in a matter of moments. for instance, they might be feeling deeply elated and euphoric, basking in their creativity and productivity, engrossed in a project they're passionate about, feeling invincible and full of energy. but then, without warning, the bottom could drop out and they could plunge into a depressive episode, feeling hopeless, helpless, and worthless. in this moment, they might experience intense sadness, lethargy, and a complete lack of motivation or interest in anything around them. this emotional rollercoaster
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . during these emotional contrasts, a person with bipolar disorder may experience a range of intense feelings and symptoms that can make daily life challenging. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel elated, euphoric, or hyper during a manic episode. they might feel excessively energetic, engage in impulsive behavior, and have racing thoughts. they might believe they have special powers or that they can accomplish anything, leading to grandi
for example, if the person has been manic for several days and is now feeling depressive symptoms, describe the contrast they might feel between the two moods. a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast between mania and depression might feel a profound sense of disorientation and confusion. the manic episode, characterized by intense energy, inflated self confidence, racing thoughts, and a euphoric mood, can be exhilarating and seemingly limitless. during this period, they might engage in impulsive behaviors, stay up for days on end, and have grandiose plans or ideas. however, the transition into a depressive episode can be swift and jarring.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might feel an intense emotional contrast within a short period of time. for instance, consider the experience of a person named alex, who has bipolar disorder, during a typical day. in the morning, while sipping their coffee, alex might feel euphoric and full of energy, their thoughts racing a mile a minute. they might feel creatively inspired, confident, and energized, even feeling invincible. they may feel an excessive urge to engage in activities, spend money, or initiate conversations with
treatment for bipolar depression ive been diagnosed with bipolar. i struggle with psychosis primarily in the form of delusions. they tell me this is mania even though i dont experience the typical symptoms like endless energy. well ive been put on a latuda an antipsychotic and depercote to combat the delusions. my problem is im horridly depressed now. i spoke to my doctor about what we can do for depression and he said whatever treatment we pick its going to be a long time till it works. my question is what treatments have been effective for managing your bipolar depression? this is a long battle thats starting to feel unsurmountable. any input would be greatly appreciated.
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense and unpredictable mood swings that can range from extreme highs manic episodes to lows depressive episodes . during an emotional contrast, this person might feel a sudden shift from one emotion to another, often within a short period of time. for example, imagine that a person with bipolar disorder is having a productive and enjoyable day. they might feel elated, energized, and creative. they might be engrossed in a project, laughing and feeling a sense of accomplishment. suddenly, out of nowhere, they might experience a wave of sadness or hopelessness. this emotional contrast can feel like a rug being pulled out from under
paranoia coming back after switching medications my appointment isn't until april but i'm debating contacting my doctor. i just realized this morning that both last night and this morning it's been hard to take my medication because i believe i'll have a bad reaction, or i've already taken them and i'll 'overdose'. thankfully we just cut down my dose so i still feel ok taking them even with the concern i already have i have not . i guess i'm just debating if i should wait until my appointment in mid april or call. i've been hassling her because starting the new meds caused some nasty side effects initially but seems to have gone away. i seem okay overall, asides from this.
alternatives to lamictal hi guys. i have bipolar 2. i ve been on lamictal for about three years i think. but i think it s giving me a rash. i have eczema so it s hard to tell. my dermatologist took a biopsy to see if the rash is being caused by the med. meanwhile, i m kind of a mess. i m gonna need a mood stabilizer. i talked to my psychiatrist today on a saturday called and left a msg and she called me back. she s going to see me tomorrow yes, on a sunday! at no charge. she asked me if i had ever been on depakote. i have not. she wants to try that, for now. i should get the results of the biopsy by the end of next week. have any of you with bipolar 2 ever taken depakote?
it is late at night and they are lying in bed, but their mind won't settle. they're cycling through thoughts, feelings, and memories, unable to turn off their brain. they feel a deep sadness, but also a manic energy that keeps them from falling asleep. they reach for their phone to distract themselves, but as they scroll through social media, they start comparing themselves to others and feeling inadequate. they feel a pang of jealousy and then a burst of anger. suddenly, they're flooded with memories of past failures and regrets. they feel overwhelmed and alone, even though they're surrounded by loved ones. they yearn for peace and calm, but their mind keeps spinning out
what is the longest amount of time you've been stable? i've been so stable for the past 2 years thanks to regimented medication, therapy that i'm getting this idea in my head that i'm not bipolar or don't have any problems anymore. i realize this is dangerous thinking. has this happened to anyone else? when i worked at a mental hospital a lot of older people came in not having had an episode in 10 years and then having it hit them all at once for whatever reason. i'm just curious how long you guys' stable periods have been. looking for words of encouragement that this can last a long time. i'm scared that one day my medications will stop working and it will all come back.
unraveling my brain when i was younger, i just thought i was weird. quirky. kinky. now i am realizing that all of that weirdness everything that makes me, me stems from a deeply unhealthy place. and i feel shaken, and i'm questioning everything. polyamorous? or just codependent, addicted to relationships, and unable to truly commit? fun loving, or just impulsive and incapable of saying no? i want to be better, but it feels like i just act more and more crazy the harder i try. i just broke up with one of my partners. there were many issues, but as with my last relationship that ended, at the conclusion, i was left asking, why were we even together? i am nothing but a role.
my bipolar anthem amp fight song this song has been close to my heart and brain lately. i discovered it a couple of months ago and it still sometimes brings me to tears. sometimes it firms my resolve to keep fighting. but most of all it makes me feel like i'm not alone in my struggle. i think everyone with bipolar disorder owes it to themselves to listen to this song. it doesn't trivialize the disorder, its a heartfelt expression of what it means to suffer from bipolar disorder and how to fight it when you don't think you have the strength to keep moving. it's a better son daughter by rilo kiley https www.youtube.com watch?v b0sy7y54xae do any of you have a bipolar song?
how does the mood go from elevated to depressed and back again? consider using specific examples to illustrate. bipolar disorder, a complex and fluctuating mental health condition, can leave individuals feeling as though they're navigating a stormy sea of emotions. while in an elevated mood state, a person with bipolar disorder might feel invigorated, creative, and filled with endless optimism. for instance, they might delve into ambitious projects or spend hours on seemingly insignificant tasks, feeling the thrill of unbridled energy and productivity. however, as quickly as this elation sets in, the tide can turn, leaving the person in a profoundly depressed state. the
a person with bipolar disorder might experience moments of intense emotional contrast, often referred to as mood swings. during such moments, they might feel an overwhelming joy, euphoria, or elation, which can last for hours or even days manic episode , followed by an extreme sadness, hopelessness, or despair depressive episode . the emotional swing can be so sudden and intense that it can leave them feeling disoriented, confused, or even trapped. during the manic episode, the person might feel invincible, full of energy, and might engage in impulsive behaviors, such as excessive spending, substance abuse, or risky activities. they might also experience racing thoughts
a person with bipolar disorder experiences extreme mood swings, often described as emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . in a moment of emotional contrast, this person might feel a sudden shift from intense joy or excitement to profound sadness or hopelessness. this can occur unexpectedly and can be confusing or disorienting for the individual. during a manic episode, they might feel invincible, energized, and on top of the world. they might engage in impulsive behavior, have racing thoughts, and be full of grandiose ideas. however, the mood can change rapidly, and they might find themselves in the depths of a depressive episode, feeling helpless
lithium, anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, benzos which are the most dangerous to be on long term? hey everyone, amp x200b so i've recently been through a rough half year involving suicidal ideation, crazy mood swings, three months on disability, and two surgeries. needless to say like has been incredibly stressful. the number of meds i'm on has grown to the following trileptal, lithium, saphris, rexulti, klonopin, and provigil. i want to wean down so am wondering, which of these are the worst to be on long term? which are the safest? i need to figure out the right cocktail and i just want to get off all of them but history has shown this is not the smartest thing to do.
in order to understand how a person with bipolar disorder might feel during a moment of emotional contrast, it is essential to comprehend the nature of bipolar disorder itself. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from mania or hypomania elevated, irritable or euphoric moods to depression feelings of sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness . when a person with bipolar disorder experiences emotional contrast, they might feel a sudden shift from one emotional state to another, often within a short timeframe. this rapid change can be confusing and distressing. for instance, they might go from feeling intensely elated,
a person with bipolar disorder might experience intense emotional contrasts, especially during episodes of mania and depression. in a moment of emotional contrast, they might feel a sudden shift from elation and excitement to deep sadness and despair. for instance, during a manic episode, they might feel an unquenchable energy, heightened self confidence, and an inflated sense of self worth, engaging in activities with an intense passion and focus. they might feel as if they're invincible and on top of the world. however, this mood swing can take a drastic turn, and they might find themselves descending into a state of profound sadness and hopelessness during a depress
anyone else feel like the periods of stability make bp better than depression? i was very depressed from ages 14 19 but a few months after turning 19 had my first hypomanic episode. i rapid cycled for a while, had a few weeks of stability, had a month long hypomanic episode, a month long depressive episode, and now i ve been stable for the past two months. as much as the rapid cycling sucks, the periods of stability are amazing. for once i can see why my peers in highschool had such an easy time doing stuff when i struggled the second i opened my eyes. after like 5 years of monotonous depression there s finally some things to look forward to. anyone else feel similar?
for instance, how would a person experiencing a manic episode describe the feelings they have when they switch to a depressive episode? during a manic episode, a person with bipolar disorder might experience intense energy, euphoria, grandiosity, and racing thoughts. they might feel invincible, have grand plans, and be easily distracted. they might also feel a sense of elation, be extremely productive, and feel a heightened sense of creativity and insight. however, the switch to a depressive episode can be sudden and jarring. the person might feel an almost unbearable sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness. they might lose interest in activities they once enjoyed and
looking for someone to discuss my experience hi all! the past few months i've suspected more and more that i may have a mood disorder, specifically bipolar or cyclothymia. i've noticed mood patterns in myself and also my mother strengthening my suspicion . i was just wondering if i could have a private conversation with anyone here and see if they have any insight. obviously this is no replacement for a professional diagnosis or therapy. i'm just very curious about my situation and i don't see myself reaching out to a professional on my own will, so i thought an external opinion may spark me to do so. thank you immensely in advance if you take the time to help me out.
every spring summer like clockwork hey there, i have bp1 mainly characterized by hypomanic blips in the spring and summer and not much else there was a big ugly manic episode at one point, hopefully never again.. . i m just amazed by how reliably i get these symptoms in the spring summer. this year i started having hypomanic symptoms the last week of march. that s the exact same time i started getting hypomanic symptoms a couple years ago for my first big manic episode. it doesn t happen every year in spring, summer ones are more spread out, but it s very interesting how tightly it is associated with the change in the season. do any of you also notice the same thing?
after years of struggling with my own mind, i finally decided to go see a doctor the other day. as we were talking, he asked a bunch of question about my insecurities and anxiety, my hundred of ups and downs. and by the end of my appointment, he just told me that there was a lot of chances i may be bipolar. for now, he gave me some pills for my insomnia, he said that it could just be caused by the lack of sleep. a part of me wishes it does but deep down, i know it s more than that. and now i m just scared, scared cause all i wanted was the doc to tell me everything will be normal, but it wont, it never is and i don t know what to do with that. i m just fucking scared
phd program and worsening symptoms hi guys. i ll keep it short. basically, my phd program made me feel like i m getting whittled down over the past 8 months and i finally snapped today. like the title says, i ve become increasingly symptomatic and can hardly leave the house or stop crying. i ve been diagnosed with bipolar 1, anxiety, and ptsd. i m wondering if anyone here has also gone to grad school and can give me some tips on how to handle it? i love the subject material but i have had net negative experiences both in the school environment and the state i moved to for the program. i m not sure if it is program specific or if this is just all grad school programs.
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a complex mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings. during a mood episode, a person with bipolar disorder might feel intense emotional highs or lows that interfere with their daily functioning. a moment of emotional contrast in bipolar disorder could involve feelings of euphoria, mania, or hypomania followed by sudden sadness or despair within minutes or hours. for instance, an individual might be engrossed in an activity they find exciting and pleasurable, filled with joy, creativity, and limitless energy. suddenly, they may experience a sharp emotional shift and plunge into a deep sad
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a rollercoaster of intense emotions, shifting rapidly between extremes. for instance, they might feel elated and euphoric, filled with boundless energy and enthusiasm, all of a sudden followed by a deep sense of sadness, despair, and hopelessness. they may also experience irritability, anger, or anxiety, which can amplify the emotional contrast. imagine being in the middle of a joyful moment, laughing with friends, feeling fully alive and present. but then, out of nowhere, a dark cloud descends, bringing with it a wave of sadness and depression. thoughts of worthlessness and hopeless
a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as a rollercoaster of intense feelings that shift abruptly and unpredictably. during such moments, they may feel a deep sadness, despair, or hopelessness, accompanied by feelings of intense agitation, frustration, or anger. their thoughts may race, their heart might pound, and their body might tremble with anxiety or fear. at the same time, they may also feel a sudden surge of energy, creativity, or euphoria, as if they've been given a new lease on life. the experience of emotional contrast in bipolar disorder can be disorienting, leaving the person feeling disconnected from reality, uns
write a message showing emotional contrast in bipolar disorder. example 'yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone.' subject emotional rollercoaster ride hello, yesterday, i felt invincible like i could do anything! i tackled my to do list, made plans for the future, and felt on top of the world. i was in the manic phase of my bipolar disorder. but today, i can t even get out of bed. the excitement is gone, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness. i'm in the depressive phase. it's a never ending emotional rollercoaster ride. one day i'm soaring high, and the next, i'm
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotions. for instance, they might be feeling elated, joyful, and full of energy in one moment, only to be plunged into a deep sadness, despair, or hopelessness in the next. this rapid emotional shift can be disorienting, distressing, and overwhelming. they might feel like they are on an emotional rollercoaster, with no control over the height of the peaks or the depths of the valleys. their mood can swing from euphoria to depression in a matter of minutes or hours, leaving them feeling confused, frustrated, and exhausted. they might
consider using the analogy of a roller coaster, or any other metaphor that helps illustrate the experience of intense emotions and mood swings. a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel like they're riding a runaway roller coaster, hurtling between the ecstatic heights of mania and the dismal depths of depression with little control over the journey. the manic phase could be compared to the exhilarating climb up the first hill, where the rush of adrenaline courses through their veins, colors and sounds seem brighter and sharper, and they may feel invincible, filled with creative energy and boundless optimism. but just as
drunk on antipsychotics all antipsychotics mess with my vision. i feel like i'm drunk. i've been on 4 different ones so far and they all do the drunk vision thing, which makes me feel like i'm going to topple over when i walk since i'm so wobbly. that is no exaggeration. well, my eyes move up uncontrollably and i get double vision sometimes. my psychiatrist insists that this is from being dehydrated, but that's not true. my pee is clear and always has been. so i know i'm not dehydrated. i'm just so frustrated. it takes about 6 hours to wear off. i know this vision thing is due to antipsychotics, because whenever i skip my antipsychotic, i don't get double vision.
a person with bipolar disorder might experience moments of emotional contrast as a rollercoaster ride of intense feelings. during these moments, they might feel a profound sense of elation, creativity, and boundless energy, all intermingled with deep sadness, hopelessness, and despair. the emotional swings can be so extreme that it becomes difficult for them to keep up with their shifting moods. they might feel an overwhelming sense of happiness, leading to euphoria and then plunge into a deep depression, feeling utterly helpless and unable to find a way out. it's like living in a storm of emotions, where the highs are intoxicating, but the lows are debilitating.
i can feel a depressive episode coming i was diagnosed with bipolar 1 in december after my first major manic episode that ended in hospitalization. since then i have been taking my medication hydroxyzine and abilify , up until about a month ago. i don t like the sedated feeling medication gives me and i feel abilify takes away the flare of my personality. i have been stable up until this week and i feel a depressive episode coming, it s a extremely unique feeling that is so recognizable to me. i am losing all motivation and joy in my life. is there anything i can do to prepare for this and any advice on what i can do to do the least damage to my life as possible.
for example, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a deep sadness followed immediately by intense happiness. a person with bipolar disorder might feel an overwhelming wave of sadness, so deep and intense that it seems impossible to escape. they might feel like they are drowning in their own emotions, unable to breathe or think clearly. they may cry uncontrollably, feeling the weight of the world pressing down on them, their chest heavy with sorrow. but then, just as suddenly as the sadness arrived, it fades away, leaving in its place an intense and exhilarating joy. they might feel like they've been given a new lease on life, as if they've been granted
could psychiatrists diagnose teens with bipolar back in the late 90s early 2000s? hey, so i just crashed into depression hard and fast and it got me thinking, when i was a teen and obviously showing signs of bipolar, my parents would threaten to send me to a psychiatrist if i didn't smarten up. i always told them yes send me please i need help in fewer words and they would punish me. what i'm wondering is, would it have done any good? i'm currently feeling extremely bitter towards them for not getting me the help i obviously needed, setting me back years and resulting in a failed career, but is that bitterness justified? thanks for any input you guys can provide
does anyone else see and hear words differently when manic? this is really hard for me to describe but i will try. when i get manic language takes on a whole new meaning. i get words all mixed up. each and every word suddenly take on 2 or 3 different meanings. obviously many words in the english language that look and sound the same have different meanings. but when i'm manic my brain takes it to a whole different level. my world gets turned upside down. it is extremely hard to talk to people when this happens because a simple conversation turns into some grand puzzle i try to solve. amp x200b does anyone else have this happen? is there a scientific term for it?
a person with bipolar disorder might experience profound emotional contrasts, sometimes within the span of just a few hours or even minutes. during a manic episode, they might feel an intense sense of euphoria, invincibility, and grandiosity. they might have boundless energy, engage in risky behaviors, and have racing thoughts, making it hard for them to focus on any one thing for long. however, a sudden shift in mood can bring them crashing down into a deep depression. in this state, they might feel utterly worthless, helpless, and hopeless. their energy drains away, and they may lose interest in activities they once found pleasurable. simple tasks become insur
mentioning disability on job application? i've been out from work for 7 months on disability related to my bipolar diagnosis. my current workplace is terrible and i'm not looking forward to my impending return. i was looking at applying to different jobs, and there's a section, like the section asking if you're a vet, asking if you have a disability. i would have never considered my bipolar as a disability, but this time it gave me pause because i am actually on disability leave lol. does anyone report their mental health as a disability? even without having to divulge details? do you think this might later help if i need a reasonable accommodation at that job?
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from intense periods of mania or hypomania to severe depression. in a moment of emotional contrast, an individual with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden and dramatic shift between the two extremes, leaving them feeling both elated and devastated at the same time. imagine, for instance, a person named alex waking up feeling on top of the world. the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and everything seems magical and wondrous. alex's thoughts are racing, and they're filled with ideas and grand plans. they feel invincible
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs and lows. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift from an elated, euphoric state to a deep sadness or despair. during the manic or hypomanic phase of the mood swing, they might feel intense energy, creativity, and euphoria. they may have racing thoughts, be easily distracted, and experience grandiose or inflated thoughts about themselves or their abilities. they might engage in impulsive behavior, such as excessive spending, substance use, or reckless activities. however, this phase can quickly
sleep apnea i have a sleep study appt in april to see if my pdoc's suspicion is correct. i'm also 99 sure i have sleep apnea due to my loud snoring, waking up choking for air and my husband just recorded a cycle of me not breathing last night. we all know proper sleep is crucial for managing bipolar disorder. what i'm wondering is how did getting diagnosed and treated for sleep apnea help you manage your disorder? is it possible that my daytime fatigue will be reduced? did your cycles decrease in severity or at least in length? did you notice any changes at all? to know that i stop breathing while i am sleeping kinda freaks me out. any other advice is welcome.
in the midst of an episode of mania, a person with bipolar disorder might experience extreme elation, racing thoughts, boundless energy, and an expansive sense of self importance. in the midst of a depressive episode, however, they may feel the opposite deep sadness, despair, fatigue, and helplessness. so, in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel the intense highs and lows of mania and depression collide, leading to confusion, instability, and overwhelming emotions. they might feel as if they're being torn apart by their own mood swings, unsure of how to navigate the volatile landscape of their emotions. this contrast can be
for example, they might feel elated but also deeply sad. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel elated and deeply sad at the same time, a phenomenon commonly referred to as mixed states. this experience can be difficult to describe as it defies the simple categorization of emotions. imagine feeling a rush of energy and creativity, where the world seems vivid and alive. colors seem brighter, sounds clearer, and thoughts race through your mind. you feel invincible, euphoric,
lack of empathy i know this is not really related to my bipolar disorder, but i just recently found out my brother is in jail again. this time he has a felony charge of meth possession living in texas . my dad and i thought that he quit doing meth, but we were very wrong. he has been in jail multiple times and has had multiple suicide attempts one of which really fucked me up when i found out about it . he apparently lit himself on fire accidently . anyways, i don't know what's going on with me, but i have absolutely no sympathy for him. yes, it's sad, but idk.. i just don't feel much. just figured i'd reach out and see if anyone has had a similar experience.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . during an emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift between these two extremes, leading to intense and conflicting emotions. for instance, imagine someone with bipolar disorder is sitting at a park bench, enjoying the warmth of the sun on their face and the gentle rustling of the leaves in the wind. they might feel an intense sense of happiness, creativity, and euphoria, as if they're on top of the world. but as they look around, they notice a group of people hudd
a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotional states. for instance, they could be feeling deeply euphoric and elated in one moment, perhaps experiencing heightened creativity, energy, and a sense of boundless potential. but in the next moment, they might be plunged into a deep, dark depression, feeling worthless, hopeless, and helpless. during a period of mania or hypomania, the individual may feel a surge of energy, intense excitement, and an exaggerated sense of self importance. they may engage in impulsive or risky behaviors, take on too many tasks or projects, and
in the emergency room right now. came here as i think i m having lithium poisoning. told my psychiatrist i didn t want to be on this and i feel like he totally dismissed me. now i m suffering physically and mentally... nauseous, migraine, chills, weird thoughts, throwing up. felt awful all day and listened to my body. something is wrong so i m in the emergency room with my fiance, baby, and brother close to midnight. i told my new doctor that i didn t want to be on lithium and he told me i needed to be on it. fighting off the shakes and just want to be home, without a migraine, and without a knot in my stomach. has anybody else experienced lithium poisoning?
in this reflection, include a description of the episode, its effects, and an exploration of what the experience means for the individual and their mental health journey. during the early hours of a typical autumn morning, i awoke to the scent of falling leaves outside my window. yet, instead of the usual sense of tranquility that accompanied the changing of seasons, my body was an uncontrollable whirlpool of restless energy, my thoughts an endless cascade of jumbled fragments. i knew immediately that i was in the midst of a bipolar episode, a storm of mania that threatened to upend my already fragile mental health. as the sun rose, my energy intensified. i
i'm contemplating moving to ireland. can anybody give me a reason not to? i'm aware that i'm probably in a manic episode rn but still... ireland sounds kinda nice. like financially it's no issue, i speak the language and i'm a european citizen so i don't need a visa or anything, hell i don't even need a work permit to work there and my health insurance works there just fine, so why not, right? idk it sounds good to me rn but i already went to italy a few years back in a manic episode and ended up broke and if it hadn't been for my dad back then i probably would be still living on the streets there, so idk if moving is the best idea... maybe just a vacation?
bad decisions. 32 m. bp1. i am in this viscous cycle of being depressed and wanting to alleviate those feelings. the easiest way is through deviant sexual stuff. i m happily married with a great family but it s like i have to escape from the current situation of feeling horrible. chatting w people online or attempting to chat w people is about the only thing that feels good. then, when i m manic, i can t get enough and start doing the same stuff online. then i feel super shitty about it a couple days hours later and delete everything and stay away from it for a while. only to be brought right back to the same place. anyone else suffer from this sick circle?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift between intense positive emotions and crushing negative emotions. this experience is also known as cycling or rapid cycling. during a manic or hypomanic episode, the person might feel elated, full of energy, and euphoric. they might have racing thoughts, be easily distracted, and engage in impulsive behavior, making grand plans and taking on numerous projects all at once. they may feel invincible, believing they can
formerly on zoloft, bad side effects, what now? long story short, i was on 150mg of zoloft for 3 years as a teen young adult and experienced permanent memory loss. i didn't want to go down that road again, but i am at the point where i need chemical help. it's more than the anxiety and depression i had. i think its rapid cycling bipolar based on genes and extreme episodes over this past year. i have kids. they need their mom. i need me back. but i don't know when what back was. my bro is rapid cycling bipolar and is doing really well on meds and counseling. he is demonstrating that it's possible to live and function with help. so, advice? where do i start?
i can't stop myself from eating lithium and zyprexa hello, i was recently diagnosed with bipolar 1. while zyprexa helps me sleep and lithium mitigates the intrusive thoughts, my appetite which was already pretty high to begin with seems to have no end. i gained around 5 lbs in 12 days while in inpatient with no end in sight. is there a good way people have found to manage this? and is it the antipsychotic or the lithium that causes this side effect? i would like to hear people's experiences with lithium in general. i have no one to talk about this with the inpatient facility couldn't find me a psychiatrist in time so i'm back to my gp . thanks in advance.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience an abrupt shift between intense emotions, making it challenging for them to keep up with their emotional state. let's imagine the following scenario john, a man with bipolar disorder, is sitting at home on a rainy afternoon, feeling low and hopeless. he's been battling depression for weeks, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. he's lost interest in his hobbies, feels disconnected from his friends and family,
in the essay, i will illustrate the emotional contrast experienced by a person with bipolar disorder through the metaphor of a weather system, to help the readers better understand the intense emotional shifts that occur in the life of an individual with this condition. title the dance of contrasts bipolar disorder and the storms within the sun, a radiant orb of warmth and light, hangs low on the horizon, casting long, golden shadows across the landscape. the day has been a glorious one, full of energy and productivity. yet, as the evening draws near, the heavens begin to rumble. dark clouds, once distant and seemingly harmless, gather and converge, as if
how do you all keep up with cleaning while having bipolar disorder? so my brother works too much, my mother can barely move these days because of pain, and in the end, the cleaning often falls on the woman with bipolar disorder. i'm not too too torn up about it, because hey, i don't have a full time job, and sometimes it's fun. but predictably, some days i end up not being able to clean. and it gets messy, real fast especially the dishes, which i hate doing, doubly so when i'm depressed. i was wondering if any of you have managed to figure out a system for cleaning that works alongside your bipolar disorder, not against it? i'd love some tips and advice.
this can be a written or spoken narrative of what the experience was like, the thoughts and feelings, and any actions or strategies used to manage or recover from the episode. i'll share a personal account of a past bipolar episode i experienced, in the hopes that it may offer insight into the lived experience of bipolar disorder. it was a warm summer evening, and the sun was setting over the tranquil lake. i was sitting on the dock, surrounded by the gentle sound of crickets and the calming sensation of the water lapping against the shore. i was in a state of euphoria, my thoughts racing with an intoxicating energy that seemed to be fueled by the beauty
upgraded adhd based upon recent memes i made the 200 upgrade to my adhd, which is now known as ad4k. this choice has been sponsored by my good friends hypomania and anxiety. also i would like to thank my good friend and worst enemy caffeine addiction. no focus. brain go woooooo. anxiety is super overwhelming, sensory input is cranked up, and so are my emotions. this is the worst feeling ever! i love it! later today i think i'm gonna ask my dad for help with finding a doctor who will actually help me. maybe try to book an emergency appointment. right now i'm gonna work on getting some work done and hopefully i can keep this up for a couple hours at least.
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a sudden and intense shift in mood or emotions. this could manifest as feeling extremely elated, euphoric, or high during one moment, only to be plunged into deep sadness, despair, or hopelessness during the next. the contrast could be so stark and sudden that it leaves the person feeling disoriented, confused, or even disconnected from reality. during the period of elation or mania, the person might feel on top of the world, full of energy, creative, and invincible. they might experience racing thoughts, grandiosity, and heightened sensory experiences. they might feel
increased sex drive while manic i've been manic constantly for the past week and my sex drive has been out of control. to the point where my fiance has had to tell me to stop touching her. not because it's uncomfortable, just that she has had enough intimacy and isn't interested in physical contact of the sexual nature. in the past when i've been manic i avoid physical contact all together. i just don't like touching people or being touched. i don't know what it is about this time around but i'm always interested in sexual contact with my significant other. anyone else had this experience with randomly having an increased sex drive during a manic phase?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that can impact a person's energy, activity levels, and ability to function. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden and intense shift between two polar opposite emotions, such as sadness and happiness, or anger and elation. imagine, for instance, a person in the middle of a manic episode, feeling invincible, energetic, and euphoric. suddenly, this feeling shifts, and they are struck by a wave of sadness, hopelessness, or despair. the contrast between the two emotions can be jarring, disorienting, and confusing. they
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition characterized by extreme mood swings. during a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder, they might feel a sudden and intense shift from one emotion to another. for instance, they might be feeling euphoric, elated, and full of energy during a manic episode, but then all of a sudden, they might plunge into a deep and debilitating depression. during such moments of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a range of symptoms, depending on which emotional state they are in. during a manic episode, they might feel invincible, full
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder could range from experiencing intense elation and excitement to deep sadness and hopelessness within a short span of time. for instance, imagine someone is engaging in an activity they enjoy and feel passionate about, which triggers a manic episode. they might feel invincible, euphoric, and full of energy. they could be laughing, talking quickly, making grand plans, and feeling like they can conquer the world. suddenly, a thought, a memory
consider how manic or hypomanic states contrast with depressive states and how the experience of one can fuel the other. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, where manic or hypomanic highs contrast starkly with debilitating depressive lows. the mania's frenetic energy and euphoria can ignite creativity and productivity, but its volatile nature risks fueling the depths of despair that depression holds. the depressive states, with their profound sadness and overwhelming hopelessness, can lead to an intense longing for the brief respite of mania. the cyclical nature of these extremes leaves those affected grappling with the relentless dance of
during one particularly intense bipolar episode, i found myself lying on the floor of my apartment, my heart racing and my mind a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions. i could feel the manic energy coursing through my veins, making it difficult to focus on anything for more than a few seconds at a time. as the hours passed, i began to write down my thoughts in an attempt to make sense of what was happening to me. i reflected on the way my mind seemed to be on overdrive, racing from one idea to the next with no clear direction or focus. i felt a deep sense of anxiety and fear, wondering if i would ever be able to regain control of my thoughts and emotions
jitterbug blues just upped my dosage of vraylar and my psych warned it might make me restless. this feeling is so irritating! i stand up and i want to sit down. i sit down and immediately jump back up. my legs won't stop bouncing when i sit still. my arms feel like there is some weird energy thrumming through them. this constant need to move is making it impossible to get work done! amp x200b i have a follow up appointment next week and i can't wait. i'm hoping this feeling goes away by then, otherwise i am likely off to abilifytown and i haven't heard great things about that medication. has anyone else experienced this jitteryness? i'm losing my mind!
what if you were diagnosed and treated for bipolar 1 for 11 years, but you never actually had it? how would you react? would be angry? eleven years of med cocktails that never seemed to get it right, you eventually just give up feeling and take your 20mg of olanzapine every morning because it this point you'd be much sicker from the withdrawal than on the meds themselves. over a dozen sessions of ect, no matter what memories stayed or are lost to time, you'll never forget the first of numerous times you were told that you were going to have this illness they handed to you, for the rest of your life. thank you for reading. writing this was a good vent.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift between these two extremes. during a manic episode, they may feel euphoric, energized, and filled with grand ideas. they might feel invincible, as if they can accomplish anything. they might talk quickly and excessively, and their thoughts might race from one idea to the next. during a depressive episode, they might feel the opposite sad, hopeless, and helpless. they might lose interest in activities
in other words, how might the experience of extreme happiness be accompanied by feelings of sadness or despair, or vice versa? bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . the emotional contrast in a moment can be described as a rollercoaster ride of intense feelings, often leaving the person feeling confused, overwhelmed, and vulnerable. during a manic episode, a person with bipolar disorder might experience extreme happiness, euphoria, or elation. they may feel invincible, full of energy, and have grand
bipolar disorder from elated exuberance to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. explore this idea further bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a complex mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include periods of mania, hypomania, and depression. these mood shifts can occur suddenly and unexpectedly, leaving individuals feeling disoriented, overwhelmed, and struggling to cope. the mood shift from elated exuberance to crushing despair is a common experience for those living with bipolar disorder. one moment, they may be filled with energy, creativity, and an unstoppable drive to accomplish goals. the
in the first sentence, describe how a person with bipolar disorder might feel during a manic episode. in the second sentence, describe how they might feel during a depressive episode. during a manic episode, a person with bipolar disorder may experience an exhilarating rush of energy, heightened emotions, and an inflated sense of self confidence. they might feel euphoric, agitated, and filled with grandiose thoughts, pushing them to take on multiple projects, stay up late, and engage in impulsive behaviors. in stark contrast, during a depressive episode, a person with bipolar disorder may feel utterly drained of energy, grappling with intense feelings
a person with bipolar disorder might experience intense emotional contrasts, often referred to as mood swings. during these moments, they might feel an inexplicable shift from one extreme emotion to its polar opposite. for instance, let's consider the case of a person in the manic phase of bipolar disorder. in this state, they might feel an intense sense of happiness, euphoria, or grandiosity. they might engage in impulsive behaviors, have racing thoughts, or feel an unusual energy and productivity. suddenly, this person might experience a crash, plunging into a deep depression. the emotional contrast can be jarring, leaving them feeling disoriented,
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition that causes extreme mood swings. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden shift from intense elation to deep sadness, or from agitated agitation to profound calmness. this contrast can feel disorienting and overwhelming, leaving the person feeling lost and unable to predict or control their emotions. during a manic episode, a person with bipolar disorder may feel euphoric, full of energy, and invincible. they might have racing thoughts, be easily distracted, and make impulsive decisions. they may feel like they are on top
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, often described as an emotional rollercoaster. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sharp shift between two intense emotions for instance, happiness and sadness, or elation and anger. imagine, you are at a party, surrounded by friends and family, enjoying delicious food, and delightful conversations. suddenly, you're engrossed in an exhilarating discussion with an old friend. the conversation fills you with an intoxicating sense of euphoria, elation, and exhilaration. you're laughing, engaging, and feeling truly alive in
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might experience emotional contrast in the following way imagine a person, let's call her sarah, sitting at her kitchen table, finishing her morning cup of coffee. she feels content and productive, having accomplished several tasks already that day. her thoughts are racing with new ideas, and she feels a surge of energy. she's in the midst of a manic episode, a common experience for people with bipolar disorder. however, as she
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from intense feelings of mania or hypomania to deep depression. a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder could be described as follows imagine a person, jane, who is sitting quietly in her living room, trying to focus on her laptop as she works on a project for work. suddenly, her phone buzzes. it's a message from a friend, inviting her to an unexpected dinner party that night. jane's face lights up with excitement, her heart races as she pictures herself mingling with friends and being the life of the party. but as she reads further,
teeny tiny white lies? as a rule i don t lie to my girlfriend as i don t think that s a healthy thing for a relationship. however she s going to be awake soon it s an ldr and is going to message me asking how i slept and if i tell her the truth that i ve been up all night and haven t taken my meds or eaten she s just going to make a big deal out of it when it really isn t. i feel the best i ve felt in months today and i m kinda scared she ll ruin it she s a very clever lady and always knows how to get to me if i m being non compliant with meds or food. is it really selfish of me to think like that when i would never lie to her about anything else?
so my therapist gave me a brochure today... its for a wellness center that he is recommending i go to. he'd rather not hospitalize me and this would be me volunteering to go. i just don't see how i can spend what seems like minimum one month away from my family and my life. what would everyone around me think if i just randomly disappeared for a month or more? i know i have bigger problems but its of concern to me no access to cell phones or my job for that matter. i just don't see how a married man with 2 kids and a fulltime job can just disappear and go off the grid. i have bills to pay and mouths to feed. i am not sure how to handle any of this
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . these mood swings can feel intense and overwhelming, and can significantly impact a person's daily life. in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sharp shift between two extreme emotions. for instance, they may experience a sudden transition from a state of intense joy, excitement, or creativity during a manic or hypomanic episode to one of profound sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness during a depressive episode . during the high, they might feel elated,
coming off seroquel suddenly i had to go to the er and admit myself for a couple of days because i was becoming very depressed and my mood seings were getting out of hand. i was having horrible night terrors and even sleep paralysis. i was on seroquel, the doctor took me off of it completely and put me on a different mood stabillizer and and ssri. i am so restless. i cannot sleep without this drug even though ive only been on it for a couple of months. im confused as to why i wasnt tapered off of it and im just having a hard time dealing. i mostly wanted to vent to possibly someone who understands but advice would be greatly appreciated as well.
psych doc put me on buspirone. thoughts? experiences? i've been in the midst of a serious depressive anxiety ridden phase for weeks now. rather than increase my cymbalta and risk a manic episode, the doc put me on buspirone, 15 mg 2xs a day. this shit sure works. and by works i mean i'm too damn tired to do anything . you can't have panic attacks when you're dizzy and laying in bed 18 hours a day. i called up my therapist and told her i'm discontinuing the buspirone. the psych doc will be calling me tomorrow. has anyone had experience with this medication? how much did it effect you? i feel like i'm back on seroquel and that's not a good thing.
mixed state tw this inner tension keeps building. it is so impossibly tense i could swear it ll snap at any given. yet it never. ever. does. mixed state makes me wanna rip my face off. and i am not a violent person. this horrifies me. i see the glass of water i am drinking from in my hand, and the thought flashes i want to smash this against my face. not for the self loathing. no no no. but for the shock of shards in that sensation, that might actually feel refreshing, against this numbing blunting nauseating depression. i can t run from it. i want to quietly go quiet. motel. spend what s left of my bank account at a motel. to quietly go quiet.
bipolar... pms.. pmdd?? what helps? it seems like i go through the worst time around the same time every month and it correlates with my cycle. i get really panicky, angry, paranoid, anxious, moody etc. i don t want to take hormonal birth control because i smoke and i know it s bad for you. is there anything you do that you can suggest that helps with horrible moods during this time? it s seriously horrible and borders on ruining my life once every month. side notes i ve talked to my psychiatrist about it and she says to talk to my obgyn, but i know all he will do is put me on the pill. currently i take 900mg lithium, 20mg lexapro, 3mg rexulti.
in other words, explain the rapid shift in emotions and the intensity experienced. bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast in the following way imagine sitting in a coffee shop, sipping on a steaming cup of coffee, lost in thought. the sun streams in through the window, illuminating the room, and a soft breeze carries in the scent of freshly baked pastries. suddenly, the door swings open and in walks an old friend.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, which can range from mania or hypomania elevated, overactive, and overconfident states to depression feelings of sadness, hopelessness, or worthlessness . a person with bipolar disorder might experience an emotional contrast in several ways during a depressive episode they might feel intensely sad, helpless, and worthless. everyday tasks might seem overwhelming and insurmountable. they might lack interest or energy to engage in activities they once enjoyed. they may feel detached from reality, experiencing a lack of motivation or pleasure. during a manic or hyp
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might feel a profound emotional contrast in a single moment, such as 1. intense elation or euphoria feeling on top of the world, filled with energy and excitement, and experiencing heightened creativity or productivity. they might feel invincible, have racing thoughts, and be highly sensitive to stimuli. 2. sudden onset of sadness or despair just as quickly as the elation came, they may experience a sudden and intense feeling of sadness, hopelessness, or despair
in your reflection, consider the following themes the experience of mania or hypomania, the relationship between thoughts and behaviors, and the role of self care and professional help. during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself immersed in a whirlwind of manic energy that consumed me completely. the experience of mania was both exhilarating and terrifying. i felt as if i could accomplish anything and everything that crossed my mind. ideas flowed in an endless stream, each one more brilliant than the last. i was unstoppable, unbreakable, and invincible. however, as the manic thoughts and behaviors intensified, i began to lose touch
just got diagnosed yesterday imagine my surprise when i go into my psych appointment expecting to get diagnosed with adhd and getting diagnosed with bipolar instead i was prescribed vraylar and i m honestly terrified of taking it. i ve read the side effects and damn, it makes me so anxious and sad and mad that i was even diagnosed. i honestly don t even know if my diagnosis is right? i don t really experience mania as i ve seen other people describe it. idk, im feeling pretty down and don t know what to do, im considering not even taking my meds but i ve heard that you should absolutely take your meds if you have bd, idk, anything might help
how does lamictal help for you guys? hi guys, i've just recently discovered that i believe i have bipolar ii disorder and i've started the process of getting treated. i've made an appointment with a psychiatrist which i will be seeing next month and in the meantime i've been researching medications. one particular one i've been interested in is lamictal. it seems perfect for me since i suffer more from bipolar depression as opposed to mania plus it doesn't seem to have as worrisome side effects as lithium. for those of you on lamictal, what kind of symptoms did you have in order for your doctor to prescribe it? and does it work well for you?
i feel like shit. i'm swinging into a big, dark depression. i'm getting married in august and i'm kind of dreading it. putting the guest list together has been stressful because i hate hurting feelings but i would rather elope so bad. i'm a full time teacher now. prior to that i didn't work when i was in graduate school. i'm having to accept that i can't do the things i used to do all the time. i know this sounds dumb, but i bought a seasons pass for the local ski area and i've only used it once this year. that's the most depressing thing to me. my friendships have dwindled as i got older. it's pretty sad. i'm just sad. i hate life changes.
i have a master s degree and i just want to stock shelves i m coming to terms with the fact that i m not a good fit for my field of study. it s deliriously stressful and triggers episodes without fail. i ve always been ambitious and driven to succeed but while job hunting i m realizing that i want and need to go at a slower pace. my memory ain t what it used to be, and the cognition ain t the same. my job came home with me i went to bed and woke up with it, on top of having a family. i haven t worked in nearly a year and half due to burnout. anyone else experience being happier with less? i think i d be happy stocking shelves at this point.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i woke up this morning with an extraordinary sense of energy and enthusiasm. the sun was shining brightly through my window, and the birds were singing a beautiful symphony. i felt as if i could conquer the world. my mind was racing with a multitude of ideas and possibilities. i couldn't sit still i needed to act on these ideas right away. i spent the entire day in a frenzy of activity, jumping from one project to the next, hardly stopping to eat or rest. i barely noticed the time passing as i tackled each new challenge with unyielding determination. but as the evening approached, i began to feel
i don't know who i am i don t know who i am, i spent so long believing i could change the world, that i had been manifested by the universe to help everyone. now it s gone i feel worthless, i have no purpose, my emotions control me. i hate the medication, i know i need it yet slowly i reduce my dosages because i need to feel at least alive. the absolute nothingness of depression is the worst feeling a person can experience, to not even be able to be sad is tragic. sometimes i want to feel sad so i can feel something. i look at death and illness so i can try to feel something for someone. every thing is pointless now. i want my purpose back.
needing some help i don't know if this is the right place to ask, and if anyone can help, but i want to know what i can do to help my wife who is having biploar relapse. she came out of the hospital and was better after having our second child, and was fine for years, but now i see the symptoms coming back. i've looked all over the net and cannot find a decent resource on how to handle it outside of shoving pills down her throat. she doesn't think she has an issue, but i can see it from past experiences. i'm more worried about the kids health. i don't want them to see this. amp x200b does anyone know pf any ways i can help her positively?
hey guys could i get some advice hey guys could i get some advice, i went manic a few months ago and for some reason within that time i ended up sending drugs to be sent to one of my best friend's house, which obviously freaked her out. so yeah we got a friend group and they all know that i got bipolar and all that happened, and she accepts my apology and all cause they say her friendship is important to her and all, but it is a really sad and frustrating situation because i loved her so much as a friend and wish i could go back in time and can't stop thinking or weeping about it so yeah, any advice on anything regarding this situation???
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, often described as manic highs and depressive lows. during an emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a profound sense of emotional turmoil, vacillating between two intense and seemingly contradictory emotions in a short period of time. imagine the following scenario a person with bipolar disorder, jane, wakes up in the morning feeling elated, full of energy, and invincible the classic signs of a manic episode. she spends the first half of the day reveling in her creativity, productivity, and the intensity of her emotions. however, as
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . during an emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden and intense shift between two opposing emotional states, which can be both exhilarating and overwhelming. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel the following 1. intense happiness or euphoria manic or hypomanic state they might feel on top of the world, full of energy, creativity, and inspiration. they might engage in imp
imo r bipolar has become too mainstream how many people on r bipolar actually have that condition? seems like a good percentage of the posts on there are just people complaining about stuff everyone will go through at some point. seems like some are self diagnosed and are just trying to fit into the whole being bipolar is cool fad. it s not fun or cool when you hurt people are actually permanently damage your future and loose friends. i can get the humor appeal of that sub but i mean come on. this disease isn t something that should be taken lightly. even one of my coping mechanisms is humor but half the stuff in there is just dumb shit.
a person with bipolar disorder may experience intense emotional contrasts, also known as mood swings. in a single moment, they might feel a rush of euphoria, followed by a sudden crash into deep sadness or despair. this emotional volatility can be both exhilarating and debilitating. during a manic episode, the person may feel an inexplicable surge of energy, creativity, and heightened senses. they may feel invincible, powerful, and full of life. they might engage in impulsive or risky behaviors, driven by this intensified emotional state. their thoughts may race, jumping from one idea to the next, and they may feel an overwhelming sense
the reflection should include an explanation of the bipolar episode, an exploration of how the person experienced the episode, and an examination of the impact the episode had on their life and the lives of those around them. example i've been struggling with bipolar disorder for years now, and lately, i've found myself in the midst of another manic episode. it started with an intense burst of creativity and energy that felt incredible. i was able to focus on my work with unparalleled intensity, and my ideas seemed limitless. i felt invincible, on top of the world. but as the days went by, the mania began to take a toll on me. my sleep
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience a sudden and intense shift between two extreme emotional states. for instance, they may feel elated, energetic, and full of life during a manic episode. they might engage in impulsive and risky behavior, feeling invincible and unstoppable. they may have racing thoughts and find it difficult to focus on one thing for too long. however, just as suddenly as they were lifted
reminded by earlier post i have bipolar and also adhd. is there any hope for adhd treatment? i have bipolar i was diagnosed as bp2 but after an illness earlier in the year i feel like i may have had a manic episode over the summer, but we'll see what the doctor thinks as well as adhd. the mood stabilizers help, but don't do a whole lot for concentration while the adhd meds work for concentration but make me, you know, manic. i'm totally open for another medication besides the standard adderall ritalin. my overall mental health is the most important thing but i really feel like i always need that little extra oomph . any hope out there?
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition that causes extreme mood swings, which can shift from one extreme to another in a short period. these mood swings can range from feelings of extreme happiness, elation, or mania to intense sadness, hopelessness, or depression. during a moment of emotional contrast in bipolar disorder, a person might experience a sharp shift from a feeling of intense joy, energy, and creativity to an overwhelming sense of sadness, hopelessness, and despair. it's as if they are riding an emotional rollercoaster, with the highs and lows coming in quick succession, leaving them
mind and body is broken. if i have to spend one more day at my job i'm afraid i may turn violent. i'm in a really bad place. my meds are out of wack due to switching some stuff.. i really hate my office though. even with a clear head, if such a thing exists.. i need something new to do, but i have no idea what. i'm afraid i'm too broken and under educated to find a new career. i'm 40. my legs and knees are shot. i have loads of impractical experience. i'm deathly afraid i'll kill myself. i'm just as afraid i won't. no one can be this sad and agitated all the fucking time, and im so tired of dealing with it alone. thanks for listening.
a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense emotional contrast in a matter of moments, hours, or even days. this emotional rollercoaster is a hallmark of the condition. during a manic episode, they might feel an unrelenting surge of happiness, energy, and euphoria. they may feel invincible, believe they have boundless creativity or intelligence, or engage in impulsive and risky behaviors. they might be easily distracted, racing thoughts, and have poor judgment. they might sleep very little but still feel wide awake and energized. but even in the midst of mania, a sudden shift can occur, leading to a depressive episode.
how many episodes do you guys have per year? i started last year off with a lil mania marijuana induced psychosis, then a fat depression feb may, manic in june, depresso again in july, ssri induced mania in august, manic thru october and nov despite lamotrigine, end of december mania, mid jan ssri induced mixed mania, and im just coming out of a february long depresso i think im rapid cycling or cyclothymia as indicated by my first psychologist but i swear its just getting worse now on lamotrigine 200mg, lurasidone 40mg 1 wk now , and doc told me to up to 300mg lamotrigine but im literally gonna go bald at this rate so im holding off
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself engulfed in a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts that seemed to defy the laws of logic and reason. the world around me felt both hyperreal and yet somehow distant, as if i were observing it through a distorted lens. i was unable to sleep, despite feeling an almost overwhelming fatigue, and my thoughts raced through my mind like a freight train, careening from one idea to the next without pause. i tried to write down my thoughts in a journal, but the words on the page seemed insufficient, unable to capture the depth and intensity of my emotions. i felt both euphoric and despondent,
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed at 3 am, my mind racing with thoughts and ideas that seemed too brilliant to ignore. the world around me seemed vibrant and alive, full of potential and possibilities. i was convinced that i was the smartest, most creative person in the world, and that i could accomplish anything. i felt an intense energy coursing through my veins, urging me to act, to create, to explore. but as the days passed, the intensity of my emotions began to take a toll on me. my thoughts became disjointed and chaotic, and my sleep was disrupted by the constant mental churning. i found myself lashing
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . in a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might feel a sudden shift between two opposite emotions, which can be both intense and overwhelming. for instance, they might experience a manic episode, where they feel elated, euphoric, or agitated, and be filled with energy, creativity, and heightened sensory experiences. in this state, they may engage in impulsive or risky behavior, feel invincible, or have racing thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you might be elated, brimming with creativity and productivity, and the next, you may find yourself sinking into a deep depression, struggling to get out of bed. example 2 'i was engrossed in a project, feeling invincible and alive, when suddenly a wave of sadness washed over me, leaving me feeling helpless and lost.' bipolar disorder can also bring about sudden shifts in emotional intensity. one moment you might be filled with joy and laughter, and the next, you may be overwhelmed by sadness or anger, struggling to control your emotions. example 3
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast might feel a sudden and intense shift in mood, swinging between two extremes joy, elation and mania on one end, and sadness, despair, and hopelessness on the other. during a manic phase, they might feel an uncontrollable surge of energy and euphoria, believing they have limitless abilities and possibilities. they might engage in impulsive and risky behavior, talk rapidly, and experience racing thoughts, all while feeling a heightened sense of self confidence and self importance. however, just as quickly as the manic phase sets in, the depressive phase might
bipolar ruining my credit came here to rant. can someone on this heavenly earth tell me why credit card companies don t have a manic episode forgiveness? like sorry i m not paying my bill right now, i m out buying shit that will entertain this manic episode for maybe 7 whole days! sorry i missed a payment, i didn t really care to view the statement right now because i m out living life. no, i have no idea if those charges are fraudulent, i was living in the moment. needless to say my balance is high for someone unemployed. anyone else avoiding looking at their credit score! can t tell how many payments i ve missed! can t win here.
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings. during an episode of bipolar disorder, a person might experience a profound contrast of emotions, shifting rapidly between intense feelings of elation, grandiosity, and creativity mania or hypomania to deep sadness, hopelessness, or despair depression . let me illustrate this with an example a person with bipolar disorder, named jake, wakes up early in the morning, feeling the warmth of the sunlight seeping through the curtains. he stretches his arms, and a sudden surge of energy rushes through him. he feels
mixed episodes are worse than mania or depression. i believe i m in my first true mixed episode and i have to say i think i rather just be depressed or manic. being both at the same time is driving me insane. one day i m signing myself up to go out and be social and the next i m wondering why i ever thought that was a good idea in the first place. i hate it. suicidal this hour and then normal a couple hours later. i just had to rant because it feels like i have 10 different people inside my head and i m not sure which one i m waking up with each morning. anyone relate? i m on vraylar currently and just started buspar for anxiety.
canada how do you guys feel about bellletstalk week this week? i hate it so much. great idea, raising money every year but oh my god is it just an excuse for everyone to beg for attention about their struggles. the focus should be on awareness of mental health and illness. not on jenny, a 17 year old girl with anxiety and depression who wants to one up everyone's amount of hospital stays and suicide attempts in a 2 paragraph long post that never talks about anyone else but herself. plus no one ever raises awareness for anything except depression and anxiety and it drives me nuts! oh man, sorry i'm annoyed, what do you guys think?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from the highs of mania to the lows of depression. these emotional shifts can be unpredictable, sometimes occurring suddenly and without warning, and can significantly impact an individual's daily life and relationships. the emotional rollercoaster of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling isolated, unstable, and uncertain, yet at the same time, there may be moments of intense creativity, passion, and energy. the inconsistency of emotions can be both debilitating and exhilarating, making it a complex and challenging condition to live with.
i feel my mood escalating and i don t know what to do. have you ever seen mania coming and successfully avoided or minimized it without hospitalization? i ve probably been hypomanic for a few weeks now. i was trying to ride it out because my work, my relationship, and my friendships are all in good shape. i didn t see anything to worry about. until last night. i made bad choices and i m afraid of more to come. i haven t hit mania yet, but i see it approaching on the horizon. has anybody had success nipping a manic episode in the bud? do i just admit myself and ride it out under supervision? i really don t think i can afford that.
a person with bipolar disorder experiencing a moment of emotional contrast may feel a profound shift in their mood and energy levels, sometimes within minutes or even seconds. for instance, they might be engrossed in a creative project or experiencing heightened joy and elation, feeling as if they are on top of the world. but then, without warning, they could suddenly plunge into a deep pit of despair, self doubt, and hopelessness. this stark contrast can leave them feeling bewildered, helpless, and vulnerable. during the high or manic phase, they might feel a burst of creative energy intense focus and productivity euphoria, joy,
bi polar adhd looking for advice i'm 37 years old and i have bi polar and adhd. i am a mother of three and have spent the majority of my life raising my kids and taking care of my disabled mother who has parkinson's disease. i need a job desperately and i know if i find the right one , i will absolutely flourish in it. i have a mindset for success , however i just need someone to give me a chance. i spend time dwelling about different things i could be good in , but i don't know what field to get into with no experience. i also have a major fear of going on the interview once that time finally comes. anyone have any suggestions?
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself in a frenzy of creativity and productivity, fueled by a deep sense of euphoria and an insatiable appetite for accomplishment. i worked tirelessly on various projects, from organizing my home to writing poetry, painting, and composing music. each day brought new energy and inspiration, and i felt as though i could conquer the world. but as the days passed, i began to notice the darker side of this manic episode. my thoughts raced a million miles an hour, making it difficult to focus on any one task for long. i became easily agitated and irritable, snapping at loved ones and l
as the sun began to set, the world around me shimmered in hues of pink and orange, the sweet scent of wildflowers dancing on the wind. the birds sang their final melodies, a beautiful chorus that reverberated through the still air. i stood there, taking it all in, my heart swelling with an indescribable joy that only the beauty of nature could invoke. it was in these moments that i truly felt alive. but as the sun disappeared behind the horizon, a cold chill settled in, a cruel reminder that the darkness always follows the light. my heart sank, and the joy that had once filled me began to slip away, replaced by a heavy, inescap
during one particularly intense bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, my mind racing with a jumble of thoughts and emotions. i felt a deep sense of despair and hopelessness, mixed with intense anger and frustration. my heart pounded in my chest, and i could barely breathe. as i lay there, trying to make sense of the chaos in my head, i began to reflect on what was happening to me. i realized that this was not the first time i had experienced an episode like this, and i knew that it would not be the last. i felt a sense of profound sadness at the thought of the constant ups and downs that seemed to be a part of my life.
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions can race and tumble like a runaway freight train. it's as if i'm living in a kaleidoscope of feelings, thoughts, and ideas, all swirling together in a chaotic blur. i can't keep up with the torrent of experiences and sensations, and i often feel overwhelmed and powerless to control them. on one particular occasion, i found myself lying in bed, my heart racing and my mind reeling with thoughts and emotions. i felt an intense sense of energy coursing through me, a powerful urge to create and to explore, to push the boundaries of my own understanding and to share my insights with
do any other women impulsively cut off their hair during episodes? i've done this a couple of good times, but i'm so upset with the most recent incident which was in october of past year. it took me so long to grow my hair out and then in a mixed episode aggravated by klonopin withdrawal, i chopped it all off. ?? during manic episodes, i typically will bleach my hair, you see, and in my mixed state, i felt like i should not be a blonde, my hair should be it's natural dark color to reflect my depression, or whatever. a rational person would have dyed their goddamn hair, but no, i cut it down to the roots. why am i like this? ??
friend took her life and i m broken she was such a beautiful person. i can t imagine the world without her incredible spark of life. confusion, anger, deep sadness, a cold and aching regret i feel everything right now. she had well managed rapid cycling bipolar and was helping me come to terms with my bipolar 1 psychotic features diagnosis. the pain she must have been experiencing i just can t imagine. i am so upset about her and now so scared for what s in my own future, which feels selfish. how can i move on? why did this happen? why? why can t i go back in time and reach out to her before it s too late? my soul feels empty.
risperidone 1mg tablet hi everyone.. yesterday i saw a psychiatrist and he diagnosed me with bipolar, schizophrenia, manic depression and anxiety. he gave me this medication called risperidone in 1mg tablet form. after reading lots of negative posts online about it, i'm terrified to take this. suppose to take it in the morning, not sure if that cause it could interact with my tramadol prescription that is taken at night as a sleep aid. was wondering if anyone may be comfortable sharing there experiences with this medication? also, how bad do you think it would effect the creative portion of ones mental state? thanks in advance
in your reflection, describe the experience, your thoughts and emotions, the impact on your relationships, and what you learned from the experience. example i remember the day vividly, the sun was shining, and the birds were chirping. it was a beautiful day, and i was feeling good, really good. i had energy, i was productive, and i was on top of the world. i worked on my project all day, and as the evening approached, i started to feel a shift. it was subtle at first, a slight agitation, a growing sense of unease. i ignored it, telling myself that it was just a sign of the upcoming deadline, that i was just overworking myself.
imagine a person with bipolar disorder is sitting in a dimly lit, cluttered room, surrounded by unopened mail, empty pizza boxes, and unwashed dishes. the person is experiencing a depressive episode, and everything in the room seems overwhelming and insurmountable. thoughts of self doubt, inadequacy, and worthlessness flood their mind. they can't seem to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks feel like an insurmountable burden. suddenly, a ray of light seeps in from the cracked door, illuminating a path to the window. the person feels a flicker of hope, but then quickly dismisses it, convincing themselves that they don
spiritual feelings i always seem to get a feeling that i am part of some kind of energy that runs through the universe either during a phsycotic episode or just after. has happened all three times the same feeling. it feels really intense and i get some kind of idea that i should be doing something about it non violent, always makes me feel connected to nature and really compassionate . i feel like i am important and protected by it. then the stage passes and i almost completely forget about it. does anyone else get the same? not similar but the exact same? i wouldn't want to use meds to suppress this if we are just waking up.
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself lost in a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions. the world around me seemed to spin faster than ever before, and i struggled to keep up. my heart raced, my mind was a blur, and i felt an insatiable desire to do and create and experience it all. as i sat in my bedroom, i couldn't help but reflect on the stark contrast between this manic state and the depths of depression i had experienced just a few months prior. in that moment, i couldn't help but feel both grateful and terrified. grateful for the bursts of energy and creativity that seemed to fuel every fiber of my being, but
my new doctor prescribed paroxetine and alprazolam i went to a new psychiatrist who recommended paroxetine and alprazolam, but what is everyone's experience on this combo? i'm still in the introductory stage with my new doctor so she's still re assessing me again, but i did provide her my previous doctor's certification of my bd diagnosis and prescription history. so i guess i'm just looking for reassurance about this new regimen for bd. please note that i communicate with my doctor i.e. i ask her what to lookout for when taking this medicine and i also read material about this, but it's always good to hear from other people.
love my new therapist hello! i just started seeing therapist privately, and she said what i say it's definitely similar to bipolar disorder. she has seen me once. i've seen 4 more therapist in the past, in the public system. except for one which was really good but i was in an up moment, the other just said that i was fine and dumped me. i'm scared, but also happy that finally someone understands what i feel and that my struggles are validated, and i'm not making it up or just being lazy and a bit weird sometimes. i just wanted to share, as except for my boyfriend and a friend, i don't want to tell anyone right now. thank you
during a bipolar episode, i found myself sitting in the dimly lit corner of a bustling coffee shop, surrounded by the sound of clinking cups, chattering patrons, and the hum of the espresso machine. the world around me seemed vibrant and alive, pulsating with a tangible energy that coursed through my veins, heightening my senses and sharpening my focus. i clutched my journal in my hands, my fingers tracing the familiar lines and indentations as i opened the cover to a fresh page. my mind raced with a thousand thoughts, a torrent of words and ideas that demanded to be recorded. i started writing, my pen moving furiously across
the room is filled with the hum of conversation and the smell of freshly baked cookies wafting from the kitchen. friends cluster around the living room, some huddled together, heads close, sharing stories and laughter. music plays from a nearby speaker, a melody that makes my heart sing. but beneath it all, there's an undercurrent of unease. my chest tightens as i struggle to focus on the conversation swirling around me. yeah, i get that, i say, forced out through gritted teeth. inside, a storm rages. the joy i feel is tinged with fear, the excitement with dread. this is familiar territory, yet every time, it feels like a new
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense emotional swings, often referred to as mood episodes. during these episodes, they may experience a marked contrast between different emotions in a short period of time. for instance, they might feel an intense euphoria, or mania, and then suddenly plummet into a deep sadness, or depression. during a manic episode, they might feel elated, energized, and aggrandized, with elevated self confidence, and grandiose thoughts. they might engage in impulsive behaviors, sleep less, and have racing thoughts. mania can be intoxicating, making the person feel invincible and full of ideas.
asthma flovent hfa inhaler, looking for any knowledge. does anyone use a steroid inhaler for any pulmonary issues? i have severe asthma, unmedicated for years. now i can no longer get enough air into me. it feels like i have to gasp. anywho, i have to go back on an inhaler. which really helps, but it never dawned on me that inhalers use steroids. which is the number one drug that will put bipolar into mania. i was wondering if this includes the inhaled type. i wanted to check if anyone here uses the inhaler, or if someone had any info. to relay. any experiences, knowledge, or tidbits would be great, and appreciated. thank you
in the morning, as the first rays of sunlight danced on my bedroom walls, i was a whirlwind of productivity and enthusiasm. my mind was a symphony of new ideas, projects, and goals, each note harmonizing with the next to create a beautiful melody of excitement. i leapt from my bed, heart pounding in my chest, and embraced the day with open arms. as i moved through my morning routine, my thoughts raced, a torrent of brilliance and inspiration. i made lists and jotted down notes, each one a brilliant masterpiece waiting to be brought to life. the world was mine for the taking, and i felt like i could accomplish anything. i was
person is sitting quietly in a dimly lit room, staring at the clock on the wall. the seconds seem to tick by in slow motion as they try to quell the racing thoughts in their mind. their heart pounds in their chest, a testament to the intense emotions coursing through their body. suddenly, the quiet stillness is shattered by an explosion of energy. their thoughts take on a life of their own, bouncing from idea to idea, their energy levels spiking. they feel elated, invincible, on top of the world. but this feeling doesn't last. as quickly as it came, it fades, leaving them crashing back down into a deep depression. they slump
something weird with my sleep so for the last few months every night while i'm falling asleep like hypnagogic state, i feel pain go through my whole body it hurts so bad but it almost feels fake because if i sit up and wake myself up it goes away and i feel sensation round my neck like tingly like someones hands around it and i hear voices in my head laughing and saying weird things that don't make sense and then like a couple minutes after being asleep i jump up screaming and run to my door and then i go lay back down fall asleep and it repeats a few times then i finally sleep, does this mean anything and how can i stop it?
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself awake in the early hours of the morning, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts and ideas. the sun had yet to rise, but my heart was pounding with energy and excitement. i felt as though i could conquer the world, and i was filled with a sense of invincibility. however, as the day wore on, i began to realize that this was not a normal state of being. my thoughts became disorganized, and my emotions swung wildly from one extreme to another. i could feel the familiar tightness in my chest, the sense of being both hyper aware and completely detached from reality. i knew that i was
imagine someone pacing back and forth in a dimly lit room, their face contorted with a mixture of frustration and excitement, their eyes darting from one object to another as they struggle to focus on a single thought. am i brilliant or crazy? this idea...it's amazing, groundbreaking, revolutionary even! but then again, i've had these grandiose thoughts before, and they've led me down dark paths, draining my energy, my resources, my relationships. is this just another manic episode, or am i truly on the brink of discovery? my mind races with possibilities, but my heart races with fear. how can i tell the difference? how can
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts race like a torrential downpour. the world around me becomes a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds, each sensation amplified beyond reason. my emotions are a volatile mixture of elation and despair, love and hate, confidence and insecurity. i struggle to make sense of this whirlwind inside my head. as i sit in the dimly lit room, the flickering candle casts long shadows on the walls. the scent of wax fills the air, a grounding presence amidst the chaos. i reach out to touch the cool glass of the window, my reflection staring back at me with hollow eyes. the person looking back at me seems
living without meds i stopped taking meds 2 months ago. i will never put that garbage into my body ever again. i tried everything you could think under the sun and still had bp symptoms as well as the horrible side effects of sleeping all day, being overweight, being constantly hungry, pissing myself in my sleep, having no sex drive, not being able to have an orgasm... i could go on. i can't live with medications, but it looks like i can't live without them either. so that leaves no option but death. i've been trying to figure out how to kill myself but i can't even figure that out. i don't know what to do. any suggestions?
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions can race and swirl, making it difficult to focus on anything for too long. yet, there are moments when the intensity of my feelings and the clarity of my thoughts can be illuminating, even if they are overwhelming. i recall a particular manic episode when i found myself lying in bed, my heart racing as thoughts and ideas flooded my mind. the sun was just beginning to rise, casting a golden glow through the window. i couldn't help but feel alive, as if my every cell was vibrating with energy. i felt invincible, untouchable, and unstoppable. i wanted to create, to explore, to
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, surrounded by a sea of unfamiliar emotions and thoughts. the world outside my window seemed a blur, and my mind raced with a torrent of ideas, memories, and sensations. it was as if i had been plunged into an ocean of chaos, and i was struggling to keep my head above the waves. in the midst of this maelstrom of emotion, i tried to ground myself in the present moment. i took deep breaths, focusing on the sensation of the air entering and leaving my lungs. i reminded myself of my environment, the familiar sound of the traffic outside, the warmth of my blankets, and
differences between bipolar 1 and 2? so a week ago my therapist told me i was displaying symptoms of bipolar disorder and at the time he thought i was manic with that being said, what are the differences between bp1 and 2 other than hypomania and mania? and how can i tell the difference between a manic episode and a hypomanic episode?? i'm seeing a psychiatrist this week two, actually trying to see if i should switch , and i'm kind of??? really confused. i'm not sure if when my therapist said manic he meant hypomanic, or if it was just an assumption and i shouldn't even be here. i'm just struggling with figuring this out..
this should include details of the episode and how it affected you. please remember that everyone's experience of bipolar disorder is unique, and it's important to write honestly and respectfully about your own experiences. i remember that day clearly the sun was shining, the birds were singing, and i felt alive in a way i had never felt before. it was as if my soul had been awakened, and every fiber of my being was charged with an energy that i couldn't contain. i was on top of the world, invincible, unstoppable. but as the day wore on, the elation began to fade, and a darkness settled in its place. the happiness that had
during my bipolar episode, i found myself wandering the streets of the city at 3 am, lost in thought. the night was warm and the air was heavy with the scent of blooming flowers. the world around me seemed to buzz with energy, as if every cell was charged with an electric current. my heart raced with excitement, yet at the same time, i felt an immense sadness weighing down upon me. i passed by a park, where children's laughter echoed through the stillness of the night. i stopped for a moment, watching as they played, their innocent happiness a stark contrast to my turbulent emotions. i felt a pang of jealousy and longing.
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself lost in a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions. the world around me seemed to vibrate with intensity and energy, both exhilarating and overwhelming. i felt as though i was living in a dream, a beautiful and terrifying one at that. as i lay in bed, i couldn't help but reflect on the beauty and richness of life. i was struck by the sheer magnitude of the universe and my insignificance in it, yet at the same time, i felt an intense connection to everything around me. i was filled with a sense of creativity and inspiration, ideas flooding my mind, and i couldn't help but write them
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable flip side. a sudden shift into deep sadness or immobilizing fatigue can leave individuals feeling disconnected from their previous selves, as if they've been swept up in a storm of emotions they didn't see coming. example 2 'just last week, i was engrossed in a project, my mind buzzing with innovation and productivity. today, i can't focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.' bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of emotions, can leave individuals feeling both elated and utterly de
paranoia at its best i m currently having paranoid thoughts. that my aunt and cousin don t want me dating my cousins friend. also that they re using him to get back at me and to prove i m a slut. that they also want to embarrass me in front of their neighbors by having him talk to another girl that he possibly likes. also that my sister and everyone is conspiring against me to show that i m a bad friend to my aunt by engaging me in negative convo about her. also to show my aunt is trying to prove that i m a bad sister. which everyone is now out to prove i don t deserve love and show me that everyone actually hates me sigh
weight loss amp bipolar my care provider and i have been talking about weight management for a while. yes, i put on weight thanks to meds. slowly but surely i've gone back down to 235 lbs at 68 inches tall. it still isn't healthy for a guy to be at that bmi so we've been talking about realistic strategies for the rest of 2019. this would help contain any comorbidities. if you gained weight due to meds, did you feel particularly different when you shed the excess? did life just roll on? i'm in a place now where i don't think i've been voluntarily photographed for a while just out of fear of how i look to myself and others.
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense emotional highs and lows, often referred to as manic and depressive episodes. in a moment of emotional contrast, they might experience a sudden and dramatic shift between these two extremes. during a manic episode, they might feel euphoric, agitated, energetic, and full of ideas. they may feel on top of the world, invincible, and have an inflated sense of self confidence. they might talk very fast, sleep very little, and engage in reckless behavior, such as excessive spending or impulsive sexual encounters. they may feel a sense of grandiosity or have delusional thoughts.
the person is currently in a manic episode, but may also switch to a depressive episode during the course of the day. manic thought i've got this! today is the day i'm going to change the world! i've got a million ideas and the energy to match. i'll start by organizing my community garden. i'll plant flowers, vegetables, and herbs. i'll design a website to help connect local farmers with consumers. i'll make flyers and distribute them around town. i'll even approach local businesses to partner with me and sponsor the project. i'll reach out to local schools to teach kids about farming and sustainability. the possibilities
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself waking up in the middle of the night, my mind racing with thoughts and ideas that seemed too powerful to contain. the world around me was vibrant and alive, every detail shimmering with a newfound brilliance. i could feel the energy coursing through my veins, a potent mix of exhilaration and fear. as i lay there, i couldn't help but reflect on the way my mind had transformed during this episode. the manic thoughts that swirled through my head seemed almost foreign, yet utterly familiar at the same time. they were a part of me, an integral aspect of my bipolar nature. and yet
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself wandering aimlessly through the city streets at 3 a.m., my heart pounding in my chest as if trying to break free from my body. the neon lights of the bustling metropolis seemed to taunt me, mocking my inability to sleep or find peace in the chaos of my own mind. as i walked, thoughts raced through my head, an endless loop of brilliance and innovation, each idea building upon the last until i felt as though i could create something extraordinary. i had a sense of boundless energy and unstoppable productivity, a feeling of invincibility that made me believe i could conquer the
he came back! my husband got overwhelmed and left a week ago. after i got diagnosed in january everything i have ever felt and done exploded to the point where i almost lost my job and my husband left. but after thinking, reading and talking with friends, he realized something was of. he came back and we talked for 2 days. then he booked an appointment with my psychiatrist and went there with me. turns out i'm not type 2, i'm very much type 1. now i am starting new meds, i understand much more about myself and i am finally hopeful for my future. but most importantly, my husband loves me and he is willing to stand by me.
in the following response, use imagery to help explain this phenomenon, which is sometimes called emotional storms or affective switching. a person with bipolar disorder stands at the precipice of an emotional abyss, teetering on the brink of two opposing realms. the sun, a symbol of joy and euphoria, hangs low in the western sky, casting long shadows across the landscape. the once vibrant hues of gold and orange begin to fade, giving way to the encroaching twilight. but even as the sun sinks, the earth below begins to rumble with an unspoken energy, an electric charge that grows stronger with each passing moment. the
how to live like this i m just very lost right now. a few weeks ago my physical health took a major dive and i ve been in and out of hospitals since. along with my physical health went my mental health, and i m really not doing well right now. being depressed while also having to make doctors appointments and explaining my situation over and over again is not ideal to say the least. not to mention i can t work right now, and i m probably going to have to quit my job which i love soon. i just don t know how to live like this. it feels like this is all that s left for me, and i don t know how to push through it anymore.
mixed emotions disclaimer doctor has been weaning me off my citalopram i had an rough start to daylight savings but seemingly stable. today i had my doctors appointment and my hair appointment which were both positive experiences and from then on i was go go go. hard to sit still. i eventually drove 1.5hr to my parents house and my mom mentioned that i seem kind of borderline manic i trust her when it comes to bipolar and something clicked that she was right. so of course on my drive home i m having this realization. i was angry and irritated and i m nervous so i texted my doctor incase. any kind words are appreciated
how can this feeling be captured in writing? a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as a rollercoaster ride of intensity and complexity. in the span of seconds or minutes, they may feel the deepest pits of despair and the loftiest peaks of elation, a maelstrom of emotion that can leave them reeling and disoriented. imagine the sensation of being plunged into a dark abyss, the weight of sadness pressing down on their chest, suffocating and all consuming. they may feel the cold, damp grip of depression, a chill that permeates their bones and seeps into every crevice of their being
mania gripped me, its electric tendrils coiling around my thoughts, racing them through my synapses, crackling with ideas, energy, possibilities. i was on fire, burning bright with inspiration and purpose. time seemed to expand around me, each moment stretching and pulsing with promise. every detail, every sound, every sensation was heightened, vibrant and alive. but then, it slipped away, like the last echoes of a waning dream. the mania retreated, leaving in its wake the abyss of depression. the colors drained from my world, replaced by the flat, lifeless hues of shadows and gray. time contracted, pressing in on me,
personal reflection during a bipolar episode can be a powerful tool for self understanding and growth. it is important to remember that everyone's experience with bipolar disorder is unique, and what follows is an example, not a definitive description. during a manic episode, i found myself awake at 4 a.m., my mind racing with a thousand thoughts and ideas. i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world. my heart raced with excitement as i jotted down idea after idea, planning out projects and plans for the future. but as the sun began to rise, the elation i had felt began to give way to a sense of unease. as i sat
as the sun painted the horizon in shades of orange and pink, the world seemed to hum with the vibrant energy of life. my heart raced with the fervor of a thousand suns, and every cell in my body crackled with electricity. i could feel it, that electric charge in the air, the excitement of possibilities swirling in my head like a tornado of ideas. today, i was going to conquer the world. today, i was going to create something amazing, something groundbreaking. today, i was going to be unstoppable. but then, as the sun slipped beneath the horizon, the world seemed to grow quiet. the colors in the sky faded to dark hues
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast in several ways 1. intense emotional swings in a moment of emotional contrast, they might feel an abrupt shift from a positive emotion to a negative one or vice versa. for instance, they might feel elated, energized, and euphoric one moment, only to feel sad, hopeless, and worthless the next. 2. rapid thought processes emotional contrast can also lead to rapid and intense shifts in thought
any bipolar people also diagnosed with adhd? i go to a new psychiatrist in april to sort out some meds that aren't working. bipolar type 1 is my official diagnosis. my therapist also wants me to be tested for adhd because of the things she's heard from me and seen in my behaviors. valid, but i'm a 28 year old, so i feel like if i was adhd, i would have known it long before now. i'm wondering if anyone out there has a diagnosis of bipolar and adhd. how do you cope? what does the combination of meds look like for you? my biggest concern is adding on an adhd med because of the link to psychosis that's come out recently.
for those who experience hallucinations, are you afraid of them? i ve started occasionally hallucinating shadow people in my peripheral vision. when it happens, i get the feeling they want to hurt me or might be hunting me. at one point i felt like they might be waiting by my apartment to, idk, get me. i consciously know they aren t real but i m still scared of them. is that normal? is that standard for just hallucinating or is that also something like paranoia? edit i don t mean like being afraid because it s happening. i think if it were voices i d be fine. it s more like i somehow know that shadow wants to kill me
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself staring at the mirror, my reflection staring back at me, a stranger. my heart raced, and my thoughts swirled, a chaotic storm inside my head. the world around me seemed to vibrate with a surreal intensity, each color and sound amplified beyond belief. as i observed my reflection, i couldn't help but feel disconnected, as if i was observing an imposter rather than my own self. my emotions felt heightened, oscillating between joy and despair, elation and despair, in a matter of minutes. the sense of invincibility that came with the manic phase was seductive, yet terrifying
my sister 14yo just attempted suicide my sister has been suffering from eating disorders and depression for months now. this afternoon she just attempted suicide by taking lots of antidepressants. it's just so fucking frustrating how our genes are fucked up. at her age i was already at my second or third major depressive episode. and i'm so cought deep on my own shit that i don't know what i can do for her as i never knew what i could do to help myself and i never had any help at that point to know what could had been done. so that's it. just wanted to vent a little and see if you guys maybe had any insights on this.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, both manic and depressive episodes. during a moment of emotional contrast, a person with bipolar disorder might experience an intense sense of disparity, a rollercoaster of emotions, and a sense of being out of control. during a manic episode, the person may feel elated, euphoric, and full of energy, almost invincible. they may have grandiose thoughts, racing thoughts, and be easily distracted. in contrast, during a depressive episode, the person may feel deep sadness, hopelessness, worthlessness, and a lack of energy. in a moment of
what life stressors threw y all into a recent episode? mine in 2022 bought a house in february same month husband got into motorcycle accident and broke his leg, had to handle the logistics of the move myself while working part time. moved into new house, son had a seizure shortly after. decided to get a new job while husband attended physical therapy, then found out husband was switched to nights. i then switched my job again to accommodate his hours, didn t see each other often and i wasn t going to bed until 12 am when i got off work at 11 30pm. july december i was out of my mind. hospitalized at end of november.
a person with bipolar disorder might experience profound emotional contrasts within the span of a few moments or hours, even days. imagine a scene where a person, let's call her julia, is sitting alone in her kitchen, staring at a half eaten sandwich. she recalls an email she received earlier that day, announcing a promotion at work. her heart races, her chest tightens, and a wave of elation washes over her. she feels on top of the world, invincible, invulnerable, and full of energy. the sun in the window seems to grow brighter, the room warmer. she stands, her body hums with the potential for greatness, and begins
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden, crushing lows. even at the height of elation, the specter of depression lingers, ready to steal away the light. just as the sun can be blotted out by a passing cloud, the brightness of mania can give way to the darkness of depression. the mood shift can be as sudden as a summer rainstorm, leaving one feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality. example 2 'i was engulfed in a whirlwind of productivity and inspiration, but now i'm stuck in a pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to do even the
existing is so hard i don t even have it bad except for mental illness obviously yet being awake is so fucking stressful. i have a supportive family, a great boyfriend, good friends, etc but i still want to be d3ad. im on wellbutrin, buspar, vraylar and klonopin and im still depressed, anxious and emotional. i get they aren t a cure all and i d be much worse off meds, but what s the point if i still can t function in life?? i can t work a normal job but i keep getting turned down for disability even though i over qualify. i fucking need money to live a life i don t even want and i can t get it. i m about to explode
during a bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, unable to sleep. my mind was racing with thoughts, ideas, and emotions, all jumbled together in a chaotic mess. i felt a deep sense of anxiety, but also a strange sense of excitement, like i was on the verge of discovering some great truth or revelation. i picked up my journal and started to write, trying to make sense of the swirling chaos in my head. the words poured out of me, sometimes too fast, sometimes too slow, but i kept writing. i wrote about the things that were keeping me awake at night my fears, my dreams, my desires. i wrote about the way my heart
victory saturday, goal setting sunday, and other topic threads. hello everyone! first off announcements u ssnakeggirl, u reaper of souls, and i will be taking over the small victory saturday and goal setting sunday posts, as well as adding a wellness wednesday with the goal of engaging the community more. i'll let u ssnakeggirl go into more detail about this possible thread topic. we'd like to thank u scurius for doing such a good job with the victory and goal setting posts. secondly, we would like to use this post to ask you if there any specific topics you would like to see as threads? let us know what you think!
this reflection could be written in first person and detail how the person experiences their thoughts, feelings, and behaviors during a manic or depressive episode. dear diary, today marks the fourth day of my manic episode. i can't believe how much energy i have it's like i'm on an endless rollercoaster ride of thoughts, ideas, and possibilities. i've been up since 4 am, barely stopping to eat or sleep. every idea that comes to mind is brilliant and groundbreaking. i've already reorganized my entire apartment, created a new business plan, and even started writing a novel. but amidst this whirlwind of productivity,
i just... i can't. living in the us with bipolar disorder and lapsed insurance is absolute hell. i can't get the medicine i need, nor can i get any kind of help. i am extremely depressed i have no motivation to do anything at all. i can't even cry. all i do is sit in my room office and just fantasize about self harm. everything is so overwhelming at work and at home. i need to get things done. my house is a mess, i have loads of work orders that need to be completed, but i can't do it. i want everything to just be still and quiet. i don't want to kill myself, but i don't want to live either. everything just sucks.
during a manic episode of my bipolar disorder, i found myself engulfed in a whirlwind of energy, thoughts, and emotions. the world around me seemed vibrant and alive, every color more vivid, every sound more resonant. i was on a mission, a quest for greatness, to accomplish the impossible. my mind raced with a million ideas, plans, and projects that i could start, and i was determined to bring them all to life. in the midst of this mania, i reflected on my experiences with bipolar disorder. i had been diagnosed several years ago, and since then, i had experienced numerous ups and downs. i remembered the depths of
do you do cocaine to cope with the lows? my pdoc is much more afraid of me having a manic episode with psychosis, than he is about the lows of depression, so he never prescribed me any anti depressants, even when i was on olanzapine tired all the time, he would not give me any stimulant which eventually led to me being let go from my last job about a year ago. today i got some bad news regarding other job opportunity on different continent i was looking forward to... feeling down, i've reached to my stash and had some white nose powder, how about you and a drug habit? do you self medicate with illicit substances?
in the bright glow of the morning sun, i stood at the precipice of a brand new day, a blank canvas of possibility stretching before me. my mind, a whirlpool of excitement and creativity, churned with a multitude of ideas and projects, each one brimming with potential. i felt the fire within me, the passion and energy that had fueled me through countless triumphs and challenges, igniting my very being and urging me to seize the day. but as the sun dipped below the horizon, painting the sky in hues of pink and orange, i found myself standing at the edge of the same precipice, but this time enshrouded in the oppress
how in the world do you all use things such as to do lists on a daily basis?! how do you organize your life? i've tried traditional pen amp paper lists, as that's what we were taught throughout school, except i lose lists all the time various mobile and desktop apps, where i end up over using the solution and i'm left with a huge, clutter y mess, in which there's a million things i need to do when only a dozen them are critical not doing anything and forgetting everything i need to do and no matter method i try, i can never seem to remain consistent in any realm of my life, and it's absolutely eating me alive !!
bipolar i, starting day treatment new here! i'm bipolar i with all the fun that comes with it, including hallucinations. my doctor has given up changing my medications i'm on 4 and signed me up for day treatment intensive outpatient treatment, 3x wk, 4hrs a day . any suggestions on how to get through this? i drive 1hr to get there, and i dislike group therapy. i always feel like my symptoms aren't severe enough to require this kind of treatment. on a side note, this will be my 3rd round of day treatment, the last one was over 12 years ago. one cbt, one dbt. your input is greatly appreciated, and enjoy your day.
a fascinating thought i had when i was high so i ve been seeing a new psychiatrist lately because my old one said it s only bipolar 2, but may or may not be bpd as well but isn t sure so i m seeing a new psychiatrist to get a second opinion and lmao i realised that if it turns out that i don t have only bipolar but also have bpd, i can finally since the hanna montana i get the besttttt of both worlds and truly mean it lol especially lines like yeah, when you're famous it can be kinda fun it's really you, but no one ever discovers livin' two lives is a little weird, yeah but school's cool 'cause nobody knows lol
i ll use the first person to convey the feeling. as the sun begins to rise, the air around me fills with a familiar buzz, an electricity charging the atmosphere. my heart races in anticipation as i slip out from under the heavy covers. i stand in front of the mirror, admiring the reflection of my bright, awake eyes. today is a good day. today is a day for creativity, productivity, and achievement. i make my way to the kitchen, humming a catchy tune, and begin to prepare breakfast, my hands moving automatically as i ponder the possibilities of the day ahead. i add a dash of cinnamon to my oatmeal, smiling at the
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder might go something like this during the manic or hypomanic phase, a person might experience intense euphoria, irritability, or agitation. they might feel energetic, productive, and on top of the world. they may engage in impulsive behaviors, take on too many projects, and have racing thoughts. they might feel invincible, have inflated self esteem, or feel a
hypomania or am i overthinking a normal mood? i have a real problem with getting oddly anxious about hypo mania. right now ive been doing great for about 3 weeks and i'm worried i'm actually hypo, and to be honest, the only thing missing is productivity. instead of working on coursework or assignments like i usually do when hypo i've just been playing video games and partying. i've had loads of energy, not much of an appetite, some confusion, a bit impulsive, far more sociable than usual. idk validate me bois or tell me i'm overreacting. i shouldn't worry anyway as i'm clearly not a danger to myself or others.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder could range from experiencing intense joy, excitement, or elation, followed by a sudden feeling of sadness, hopelessness, or despair. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, with the highs and lows sometimes occurring rapidly or unexpectedly. during the high phase, a person might feel 1. overwhelming happiness or euphoria 2. increased energy, creativity, and focus 3. decreased need for sleep
as the sun began to rise, a symphony of emotions swirled within me, like a kaleidoscope of vibrant hues merging and clashing in a whirlwind of color. i sat upon the edge of the bed, the coolness of the morning air dancing along my exposed skin, the sensation invigorating my senses. the world around me was a canvas of new possibilities, the promise of another day stretching before me, ripe with opportunities to be seized and experiences to be had. i inhaled deeply, savoring the sweetness of the morning, allowing the energy within me to build, a crescendo of excitement bubbling forth from the depths of my soul.
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself sitting in front of the mirror, staring at my reflection with a mixture of disbelief and acceptance. the man looking back at me was a stranger, an unfamiliar version of myself. my eyes were bloodshot and wild, my cheeks hollow, my lips chapped and cracked. i could see the bags under my eyes, the fine lines etched into my forehead, and the stress lines running down the sides of my face. i felt like a hollow shell, a mere semblance of the person i once was. the mirrored image before me was a stark reminder of the havoc that bipolar wreaks on my body and mind
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself awash in a torrent of emotions and thoughts that seemed to defy logic and reason. it felt as if i was living in a dream, or a waking nightmare, where the lines between reality and fantasy were blurred beyond recognition. my mind raced with a kaleidoscope of ideas, visions, and impulses that i struggled to make sense of. as i lay in bed, my heart pounding in my chest, i could not help but marvel at the intensity of my feelings. the world around me seemed both infinitely beautiful and terrifyingly dark, a landscape of exquisite beauty and unimaginable pain.
anybody have prosopagnosia facial blindness? wondering if there s a link between that and bipolar. if you re not sure what i mean, it s when you have a hard time remembering what someone looks like recognizing people. like if i see a friend in public i m never sure if it s actually them or if you ask me to describe someone s features i d have no idea. actually a good example is after yoga class i won t be able to recognize which person is the teacher after everyone has left the studio so i try to memorize the teacher s tattoos or outfit color so i know who to thank after class. anybody else experience this??
what do you do to cope with bipolar disorder in addition to taking your meds? what coping mechanisms have you come up with to help you deal with bipolar? i've realized that doing the following things helps me 1. minimizing my alcohol intake even two beers can send me into a depressive episode. 2. finding a form of movement that i enjoy doing. for me it's stretching, yoga, and dancing. 3. human interaction. i can't always stand it, especially when i'm in a depressive episode, but i try to force myself to spend time with friends who i know will be good company. 4. taking my meds around the same time every day.
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself in a state of intense introspection. the world around me seemed to slow down as my thoughts raced through my mind, a chaotic symphony of emotions and memories. as i lay in bed, i couldn't help but reflect on the seemingly endless cycle of highs and lows that had become my life. the manic energy that had once fueled my creativity and productivity now felt like a double edged sword, leaving me exhausted and disoriented. but as i delved deeper into my thoughts, i couldn't help but wonder if this rollercoaster existence was really all that bad. in the midst of mania
meds keep losing effect is that normal? i'm awfully sorry if this question has been posted before, could find anything on this. fellow bipolar 2 here. i've been on meds for more than a year now, 5 months of which i was on antidepressants only cus my doctor and i both thought it was depression as is pretty common . since i got diagnosed she put me on mood stabilizers antidepressants. but i keep having to change meds altogether bc after 2 3 months they just stop working. i wonder, is that a normal thing? or is it a sign that something's up with my diagnosis and or treatment? will appreciate all of your input.
the thoughts should reflect both a high and a low moment, or a sense of cycling between these emotional states. 1. in the euphoric high of bipolar disorder, i feel like i can conquer the world, a limitless, exhilarating energy that fuels creativity and productivity. but in the depths of a low, i'm consumed by hopelessness and darkness, unable to muster even the smallest amount of motivation or energy. 2. bipolar disorder is like riding an emotional roller coaster, where the peaks of elation and productivity give way to the troughs of despair and lethargy, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle i can't escape
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, my mind racing with a torrent of thoughts and emotions. i felt an intense sense of euphoria and grandiosity, a belief that i was invincible and could accomplish anything. at the same time, i was plagued by deep sadness and hopelessness, a feeling that i was trapped in a dark and endless pit. as the days passed, my mood continued to swing wildly, and i found it difficult to focus on anything for more than a few moments at a time. i began to notice the effects of my behavior on those around me. my loved ones tried to reach
in the morning, as the sun cast its golden glow upon my bedroom window, i woke up with a jolt of energy, a zest for life coursing through my veins. the air seemed charged with possibility, and i was ready to seize the day. ideas raced through my mind, thoughts i had to share, goals to achieve, dreams to realize. my heart beat in time with the rhythm of life, each beat a testament to my boundless energy and enthusiasm. but as the day wore on, and the sunlight faded, so too did my spirit. i watched as the world continued to spin, people hurrying about their business, oblivious to the shifting tides within me.
the reflection should contain 100 300 words and include specific examples from your own experiences. during my last bipolar episode, i found myself in a whirlwind of intense emotions and thoughts that seemed to have a life of their own. i couldn't keep up with the speed of my mind, and the things that once brought me joy and peace now felt insignificant and dull. as i sat in my room, staring blankly at the wall in front of me, i couldn't help but reflect on the previous days. i had been feeling elated and full of energy, making impulsive decisions, and staying up late to work on various projects. but as the
might be manic i think i'm about to have a manic episode, and i'm not really sure what to do. i'm on meds abilify but i just started them and they haven't really had an effect yet. i've also been feeling pretty anxious. i can't get on elevators because i feel like they're haunted, and i can't be alone without having a panic attack and thinking i'm going to die. i was wondering if this is a symptom of bipolar? i just got diagnosed and i don't know. i already texted my therapist and hopefully i'll see her on monday, i was just wondering if any of you had any advice on what to do until then. do i tell people?
lithium and muscle pain? hi all, i started lithium about ten days ago with 300 mg at evening. then as ordered, increased it to 300 mg at morning and 300 at evening, bringing it to total of 600 mg. i increased the dose yesterday. since yesterday i have had a quite bad muscle pain in my lower back. it is seriously distracting and affects my daily function. i feel drained in other muscles but the pain is bad. as far as i know i shouldn't even be in the therapeutic range yet. i have blood tests scheluded for 2 weeks from now on but i think i can't handle this. is it normal to have this amount of pain so early?
in the fleeting moment, as i stood there, bathed in the golden embrace of the early morning sun, i reveled in the exhilarating sensation of invincibility. my mind buzzed with the frenetic energy of a thousand fireflies, illuminating the dark corners of my consciousness with their radiant brilliance. the world seemed to stretch out before me, a boundless expanse of limitless potential, and i was the master of it all. but as the day progressed, the edges of my mania began to fray, the edges of my world beginning to splinter and shatter. the sun that had once filled me with a sense of unbridled power now cast
i have to stop reading bpd lovedones i'm not saying all groups are like that but there is one in particular that is almost a hate group, the reason i read it is to see if i can identify things that i might do wrong and oh boy we are monsters to them i wish i could tell them that we aren't trying to hurt anyone but who i am to upset them even more i understand they want to vent and they have every right but i do need to stop reading cause it just makes me want to keep my head down and not engage. i just need to tell myself that i'm medicated now and try to be self aware of other's feelings as much as i can.
in the throes of the sun's golden embrace, my thoughts danced, vibrant and free, interweaving themselves into an intricate tapestry of ideas, of passions, of dreams. the day stretched before me, ripe with potential, ripe with opportunity, each moment an unwritten page waiting to be filled with my indelible mark. i breathed in deeply, my lungs filling with the crisp morning air, my heart swelling with the boundless energy of the world around me. i was invincible, unstoppable, a whirlwind of creativity and inspiration. but as the sun began its slow descent into the horizon, the landscape of my mind began to
can someone help me? venlafaxin lithium hi! i have a major depression disorder, and i'm taking antidepressant meds for 4 years 3 years of escitalopram lexapro and, since last year, a growing dose of venlafaxin venlift . sadly, the antidepressants done nothing about my mood, so my psychiatrist considered the possibility of me suffering from bipolar ii disorder. she prescribed me 300mg of lithium, sticking with the venlafaxin. has anyone had a similar experience? what should i expect? the li will stabilize my mood and finally the venlafaxin now in 225mg will do its job properly? amp x200b thanks in advance!
dae feel like they re way too extroverted for their so? my new bf and i he s 25, i m 22 are doing great, but after a night out or even a night in drinking staying up late he feels drained. i m always ready to go. i know he s an introverted type, but i m wondering if this is worth pursuing because i feel like i m too much personality for him. he s mentioned it, but he says it s good and it keeps him on his toes. idk. i m looking for feedback before i bring this up. he s quite a logical thinker and i don t want to worry him if it isn t worth it. i m just so excited and ready to go out all the time.. gt . lt
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a moment of emotional contrast in a person with bipolar disorder can be a roller coaster ride of intense and sudden feelings. imagine a person, jane, sitting at her kitchen table, lost in the depths of a depressive episode. she feels hopeless, worthless, and powerless. the mere act of making a simple sandwich feels like an insurmountable task. her body aches, her mind wanders, and her heart longs for relief. suddenly, a gust of wind blows open the kitchen
a personal reflection during a bipolar episode might look something like this i can't believe this is happening again. i thought i had finally learned to manage my bipolar disorder, but here i am, feeling like i'm on top of the world one moment, and then crashing down into a deep pit of despair the next. the manic energy that once propelled me forward is now replaced by a paralyzing lethargy. i can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few minutes, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, jumping from one idea to the next, but none of them stick. i
in this reflection, explore the challenges of managing a bipolar disorder and the coping mechanisms that have been effective. dear journal, another day has passed, and once again, i find myself in the throes of a manic episode. the world around me is a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds, a symphony of unfiltered thoughts and unbridled energy. my mind races with ideas, plans, and dreams, each one more grandiose than the last. i know this state all too well, and i also know the challenges that come with it. the sleepless nights, the racing heart, the constant need for stimulation. the impulsivity, the risk
anyone else have detrimental avoidance issues? for example my gas got turned off. i've been avoiding opening bills because i can't pay them. i didn't realize it had been long enough that it was going to be shut off. if i had i might have been able to prevent it. i find there is a pattern of extreme avoidance in my life. especially when i'm depressed which is the majority of the time. i have countless examples of things that have been blown out of proportion by my avoidance. i know stuff doesn't just go away but i can't seem to handle anything anymore. then it snowballs until something like this happens.
i hate having bipolar i almost impulsively quit my job without anything lined up. i was beyond stressed out, and put in a two weeks during an episode. once the episode passed and reality started to hit me, i went to my boss and explained myself. luckily, he's a really chill boss, and after talking a bit, we decided to come to an agreement about lessening my workload to help ease the stress i feel at work. but, y'all, this disorder is no joke. i almost put myself in a very bad situation. i feel so embarrassed and ashamed of myself. i hate how this disorder can quickly mess up my life if i'm not careful.
this monologue could be for a character or for yourself. deep, labored breath i can't believe it, another sunrise. another day. another day filled with possibilities, promises, and potential. the world was a canvas, painted with hues of excitement and opportunity. my mind was an engine, revving with a fervor that seemed almost uncontainable. exhales sharply but now, now it feels as if all the colors have bled from the world. the engine has stalled, and the once bright and promising landscape is now a dismal wasteland. i thought i had everything under control, that the manic highs and the depressive low
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself engulfed in a whirlwind of emotions, thoughts, and ideas that seemed to be coming at me from all directions. it was as if i had suddenly been dropped into the center of a storm, with the rain, thunder, and lightning all around me. at first, i felt an intense sense of euphoria, as if i was on top of the world and could accomplish anything i set my mind to. i spent hours working on projects, creating art, and engaging in deep conversations with loved ones. i felt so alive and energized, it was as if i had been given a second chance at life. but as the
i'll do my best to provide a snapshot of the conflicting emotions that can be experienced during a bipolar mood swing. person a sitting in a quiet room, staring intently at a blank piece of paper the air in the room feels heavy, a dense fog that clings to every corner and coats my thoughts like a thick blanket. it's the calm before the storm, a moment of quiet reflection before the chaos erupts. my mind is a battleground, an endless war between light and dark, hope and despair, creation and destruction. a gentle breeze wafts in from the open window, bringing with it the sweet fragrance of spring blooms
feeeeckin depressed, yo being bipolar is bullshit. things that would bum a normal person send me careening down. and not like in a bpd moodiness way, i mean in like that slow slide where first you're tired, then you're sad, then you're slowly numb, then you're numb with a core of pain. i've hit the numb core of pain stage, and it's bullsheet. on the outside i seem distant and detached, and on the inside i'm curled into a ball. i emailed my doctor, but haven't heard from her. i think i need to call the office. i have zero plans of hurting myself, but it troubles me that the thought has crossed my mind.
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . the emotional contrast experienced by a person with bipolar disorder in a single moment can be best described as follows imagine standing at the edge of a deep, dark canyon during a sunny day. as the sun shines on your face, you feel an invigorating surge of energy and positivity. this is the manic or hypomanic state, where you may feel euphoric, powerful, and creative, having an excessive optimism about life and your
mornings like these always seem to bring on a storm of thoughts, a whirlwind of emotions that leaves me reeling. the sun has barely broken through the horizon, its light still a faint, golden glimmer, and yet the day is already threatening to consume me. my mind races, my thoughts a tumultuous sea, each one more potent and compelling than the last. but as the sun's rays begin to cast their warm, golden light over the world, i catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. my reflection stares back at me, an unkempt, unshaven mess, my eyes wild and unfocused. the exhaustion of the previous days and nights is
the sun crept slowly over the horizon, casting golden beams of light through the shattered windows of the abandoned building. i sat cross legged in the center of the room, bathed in the warm glow, my mind alight with a thousand thoughts, ideas, and possibilities. i could feel the energy coursing through my veins, my heart racing with excitement and anticipation. i was alive, i was on fire, i was unstoppable. but then, as the sun continued its ascent, the light began to fade, and with it, the mania. the golden beams gave way to shadows, and the once vibrant room grew dark and cold. my heartbeat slowed,
personal reflection it's been a few days since the manic episode started, and i'm lying in bed, unable to sleep. my thoughts are racing, a million miles an hour. i keep replaying conversations, events, and scenarios from the past few weeks. everything seems magnified, heightened. i feel like i'm living in a dream, a surreal and disorienting world where the lines between reality and imagination are blurred. i've been spending all my waking hours engaging in activities that bring me immense joy and excitement. i've taken on new projects, started new hobbies, and made plans for the future. i feel unstopp
this reflection may be written as a journal entry or an essay, focusing on the experience of the episode and its impact on your life. please note that this is a fictional account and is not intended to be a clinical representation of bipolar disorder or to diagnose or treat any individual. title whirlwind of colors date october 17, 2022 the world has turned into a kaleidoscope of vibrant hues, a mesmerizing display that captivates and confuses me in equal measures. my heart races with the fervor of a thousand thunderbolts, each pulse a testament to the exhilarating power that courses through my veins
despite the exhilarating highs and crushing lows, bipolar disorder's most elusive and poignant aspect is the unpredictable, seemingly random shift between them. a single, fleeting moment can bridge the divide, transforming the world from vibrant, endless possibility to a cold, silent void. example 2 'this morning, i felt invincible, like nothing could touch me. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness that leaves me feeling small and powerless.' the elusive dance between the euphoric and the despairing, a dance that defines the bipolar experience, can be captured in the unpredict
reality is more than what it seems. i feel like i know what's up but there's a law i can't break the law is to play along no matter what everyone will say otherwise they'll keep you feeling like you are right but reminding you that you can't do nothing about it theyll log on to reddit and tell you to get help you tell them i don't need help i can manage all im waiting for is the one who is ready and that one is not apart from me this is really personal if it touched someone please respond but not in a critical, assertive way this is a poem and im high if you seem to understand then tell me your story
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself awake at 3 am, my mind racing with thoughts and ideas. i couldn't shake the feeling of euphoria and invincibility that had consumed me for days. i felt as if i could conquer the world, and nothing could stand in my way. but as i lay there in the dark, i couldn't ignore the voice in the back of my mind that whispered of the darkness that lurked beneath the surface. i had been here before, and i knew all too well the pain and suffering that accompanied this manic high. i tried to ground myself, to focus on my breath, to remember the things that had
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself consumed by a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts that seemed to defy logic and reason. i would wake up in the morning feeling elated, with a sense of boundless energy coursing through my veins. i would spend hours on end engaged in creative pursuits, pouring my heart and soul into my writing and art. i felt invincible, unstoppable, as if i could conquer the world. but as the day wore on, the elation would begin to give way to a deep sense of sadness and despair. i would find myself fixated on the past, replaying old wounds and heartaches over and
personal reflection as i sit in the dimly lit corner of the hospital room, the beeping of the heart monitor merging with the sound of my own racing thoughts, i can't help but feel the overwhelming weight of my bipolar episode bearing down on me. the days leading up to this moment have been a whirlwind of uncontrollable emotions, impulsive decisions, and a distinct lack of self control. the mania that once consumed me, filling me with boundless energy and grandiose plans, has now given way to a deep, soul crushing sadness. the world around me appears dull and lifeless, a mere backdrop to the internal
the sun peeked through the cracks of the closed blinds, casting a warm, golden light across my room. i lay there, my body feeling as heavy as the lead filled curtains, my mind buzzing with a thousand unfinished thoughts. the world outside was a vibrant, kaleidoscope of colors, sounds, and sensations but inside, my thoughts were a jumbled, swirling mass of chaos and darkness. i knew it was a manic episode, the way my heart raced and my mind spun, weaving intricate tapestries of plans and ideas, dreams and possibilities. i reveled in the frenetic energy, the intoxicating rush of ideas and creativity,
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself lying in bed, unable to sleep despite my exhaustion. my mind raced with a jumbled mix of thoughts and emotions, each one more intense and chaotic than the last. i couldn't shake the feeling of being out of control, as if i was riding a wild rollercoaster with no brakes. i stared at the ceiling, trying to make sense of the chaos inside my head. the world outside my bedroom window seemed both vibrant and dull, a confusing jumble of colors and sounds. my heart pounded in my chest, and my breath came in ragged gasps. i couldn't believe that this was me,
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts, my heart pounding in my chest. i couldn't sleep, couldn't focus, and couldn't quiet the storm of emotions raging inside me. i felt like i was living in a world that was both brilliantly vibrant and horribly terrifying all at once. as the hours ticked by, i began to notice patterns in my thoughts and feelings. i realized that i was both euphoric and devastated, hopeful and despairing, powerful and powerless all at once. i felt like i was floating above my own body, observing myself and my world from
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected mood swings. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next you may be consumed by feelings of sadness and hopelessness. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling motivated and ready to tackle the day. but as the afternoon wore on, my energy waned and i found myself overwhelmed by anxiety and fear.' example 3 'the sun was shining and the birds were singing as i walked to the store. but as i stepped inside, the fluorescent lights seemed to flicker and dim, and i felt a wave of depression wash over me.' example 4 'i was in the middle of
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit in the dimly lit room, my heart races and my mind whirls with a thousand thoughts, ideas, and emotions. it's been several days since the manic phase of this bipolar episode began, and i can't help but reflect on how my behavior has spiraled out of control. i remember the intense energy that coursed through my veins as i completed project after project, the euphoria that enveloped me as i indulged in every pleasure, the endless conversations that flowed effortlessly from my lips. i reveled in the sense of invincibility that surged through me, the
this morning, i was elated, my mind racing with possibilities and plans. now, in the evening, i'm consumed by a heavy sadness and can barely muster the energy to get through the day. early this morning, i felt a sense of calm and clarity. but as the day wore on, my thoughts became disorganized and chaotic, culminating in an intense mood swing that left me feeling agitated and anxious. i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. however, as the hours passed, my mood shifted and i found myself engulfed in a deep sense of despair and hopelessness, unable to shake the feeling of being
this seroquel withdrawal sucks problems sleeping even with trazodone, nausea anytime i try to eat or drink even the littlest things, no appetite, depression is coming back with a vengeance. i emailed my pdoc, hopefully i hear back tomorrow. i need something for the nausea at the very least. i can't get my latuda calories down without wanting to throw up. i haven't had a full meal in days. i feel awful. please don't let this last much longer or please let me go back on seroquel. i'll deal with the weight gain if it means i feel ok. please please let this all stop and let me feel like a person again.
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself stuck in a never ending cycle of emotions and thoughts. i would wake up in the morning feeling energized and optimistic, only to be plunged into a deep pit of despair and hopelessness by mid afternoon. the highs and lows were so intense that i struggled to focus on anything but my inner turmoil. as i lay in bed one evening, unable to sleep due to the racing thoughts in my head, i took out my journal and began to write. i wanted to make sense of what was happening to me and find a way to cope. i wrote about how the manic energy of the morning had
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions would race like a wild horse, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and completely out of control. i find myself in a state of manic elation, engulfed by a whirlwind of ideas, dreams, and plans. the world around me feels vibrant, alive, and full of possibilities. as i sit in my room, staring out the window, i can't help but feel a deep sense of gratitude for this newfound energy and creativity. my mind is a kaleidoscope of colors and ideas, and i'm driven to pursue every single one of them, no matter how seemingly insignificant or impossible. i stay
a personal reflection during a bipolar episode might look something like this i can't believe i'm here again. the energy coursing through my veins, the racing thoughts in my mind, the grandiosity that clouds my judgement. i'm in the throes of a manic episode, and i can feel the familiar pull of chaos and destruction. my heart beats wildly, and my thoughts race as i scan the room, taking in every detail. i'm overwhelmed by the sensory information, and i can't help but be drawn to the sharp edges of the shattered glass on the floor. the danger calls to me, whispering that release from this whirlwind
wellbutrin in conjunction with other meds hi everyone, first post in this sub. my pdoc has prescribed wellbutrin for depression, which i am taking together with 900mg lithium, 100mg sertralin and 1,5 mg risperidone. has anyone been on this combination? i started taking it on friday, and i am a mess. zero appetite, shaking, cold sweats, hot sweats, all the sweats. basically i am white knuckling it till monday when i can call the doc, but am feeling pretty alone right now and would appreciate any advice you might have. would you for example consider stopping the wellbutrin before consulting the doc?
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions race like a wild, untamed stallion. the world around me feels both incredibly vivid and yet somehow dull at the same time. my heart beats erratically, and my mind is a whirlwind of ideas, desires, and fears. i am both elated and desperate, feeling as if i am simultaneously on the precipice of greatness and the brink of destruction. as the sun rises each day, i am struck anew by the beauty of the world around me. the colors seem brighter, the air feels crisper, and the birdsong more melodic. i feel a deep connection to all living things, a sense of
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself sitting on the edge of my bed, staring at the ceiling, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts. i couldn't sleep, couldn't focus, and my emotions were all over the place. i felt both elated and despondent, and i couldn't make sense of it all. i picked up a notebook and started to write, hoping to make sense of the chaos in my head. i wrote about the things that were keeping me up at night the way my heart raced when i thought about all the things i could accomplish, the way my mind would spin with ideas and plans, the way i felt invincible and unt
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, ready to tackle any project. today, i'm lost in a fog of despair, unable to find the energy or focus to do even the simplest tasks. example yesterday, i felt invincible, like nothing could bring me down. today, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and doubt, questioning every decision and second guessing myself at every turn. example yesterday, i was bursting with joy and excitement, looking forward to the future with hope and anticipation. today, i'm consumed by sadness and hopelessness, unable to see a way forward or imagine a future worth
in the dim recesses of the early morning hours, where the sun had yet to pierce the darkness, i lay in the silence of my own thoughts. my mind, a cacophony of vibrant hues and electric energy, had become my most loyal companion, my constant confidant. but as the dawn painted the horizon in brilliant shades of pink and orange, i began to feel the first twinges of unease. the kaleidoscope of thoughts, once a dazzling display of brilliant colors and dynamic patterns, began to fray at the edges, the vibrant threads weaving an increasingly intricate and tangled tapestry. a tickle of anxiety nestled at
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself sitting in front of the mirror, staring at my reflection with a mix of curiosity and disdain. my heart raced with energy, my thoughts spiraled in a thousand directions, and my emotions flitted between elation and despair. at first, i marveled at the depths of my own beauty, the curves and angles of my face, the color of my eyes. i admired the way my hair framed my face and the way my lips curved in a smile. but soon, that admiration turned to critique. i couldn't help but pick apart every flaw, every imperfection. i pinched my cheeks, hating the way
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs mania or hypomania and lows depression . a person with bipolar disorder might experience a moment of emotional contrast as follows during a manic episode, a person may feel elated, energetic, and full of grand ideas. they might feel on top of the world, have an inflated sense of self confidence, and engage in impulsive behaviors. they may feel invincible, unstoppable, and invulnerable to consequences. however, a sudden and sharp shift can occur,
if none of the bipolar antidepressant antipsychotic antiseizure medicines do anything to help me feel better amp improve my life, does that mean i don't have bipolar disorder? i've had every symptom of bipolar disorder for 25 years. have seen doctors amp tried every bipolar medicinal med you can name. but none of the medications have helped. they've only made me feel worse with their side effects. has anyone else out there had this experience? i mean i have every symptom of bipolar disorder, if the medicines don't work does that mean i don't really have bipolar disorder i just have the symptoms?
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and focus, tackling projects left and right. today, i'm consumed by a heavy fog, unable to concentrate or find motivation. another example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, my thoughts were clear and my energy limitless. today, i'm trapped in a dark and overwhelming sadness, unable to escape the pit in my stomach. example yesterday, i was filled with a sense of calm and stability, able to handle even the most minor stressors with ease. today, i'm a ball of anxiety and uncertainty, every small issue looming large and insurmountable
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, my mind racing with a million thoughts and ideas. i couldn't sleep, and the intensity of my emotions kept me awake for days on end. i felt both elated and devastated, as if i was riding a rollercoaster with no end in sight. as i lay there, i couldn't help but reflect on the pattern of my episodes. i've been dealing with bipolar disorder for several years now, and i've come to recognize the signs that indicate an episode is coming on. the manic energy, the racing thoughts, the inflated self confidence, and the heightened sensory
in the morning, the sun rose, a brilliant display of orange and pink across the sky. the birds sang their sweet melodies, the air smelled of fresh blooms, and life seemed vibrant and alive. my mind was a whirlwind of excitement and possibilities. i felt the familiar surge of energy, the creative impulse, the restless desire to explore, to create, to be. today would be a good day, i was certain of it. i had grand plans, grand ambitions. i would conquer the world, i would make a difference, i would leave a legacy. but as the day wore on, the sun began to set, and with it, the fervor that had once
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind brimming with inspiration and focus. today, i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to concentrate on even the simplest tasks. example yesterday, i was filled with a sense of purpose and motivation, eager to tackle new challenges. today, i'm plagued by a crushing apathy, unable to summon the energy to do anything at all. example yesterday, i was overflowing with positive emotions, my heart filled with joy and gratitude. today, i'm grappling with intense feelings of sadness and despair, struggling to find a reason to keep going
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and motivation, ready to tackle any challenge. today, i'm consumed by a heavy sadness, unable to find joy in anything. yesterday, i was engrossed in a productive workday, feeling accomplished and focused. today, my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me unable to concentrate and overwhelmed by the simplest tasks. yesterday, i was radiant with happiness, surrounded by love and contentment. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair, unable to find solace or meaning in anything. yesterday, i was confident and assertive, standing tall and uny
i'll create a hypothetical scenario based on common experiences of bipolar individuals during episodes julia, a 29 year old artist, sits in her dimly lit studio surrounded by half finished paintings, her mind racing as she attempts to put her thoughts into words. her heart beats faster, her breath shallow and quick. it's been several days since her manic phase began, and now she's plunged into a deep depressive episode. as she stares at the unfinished canvas before her, julia can't help but feel a sense of despair wash over her. her thoughts spiral downward, each one darker and more oppressive
i'd be happy to help. personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe i'm here again. another manic episode, another hospital stay. i thought i had things under control this time. i was managing my moods with therapy and medication. but somehow, i slipped. it started with the racing thoughts, the intense energy, the restlessness that kept me awake at night. then the grandiosity set in. i felt invincible, unstoppable, like i could conquer the world. i made plans and decisions that i knew, in my rational mind, were out of reach. i took on too many projects, made promises i couldn't
bipolar thought in the depths of a depressive episode, every shadow seems to harbor malevolent intentions. the slightest noise can send a ripple of dread down my spine. yet, at the peak of a manic episode, the same noises fill me with energy and inspiration. i'm an intricate symphony of emotions, constantly shifting between darkness and light. and as much as i wish i could control it, i'm at the mercy of these waves, struggling to stay afloat and find my footing. sometimes i feel like i'm living two lives one consumed by despair, the other brimming with boundless energy. i long for a balance,
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i remember the day clearly, the sun was shining bright and the birds were singing their sweet melodies. i was sitting in the park, surrounded by the beauty of nature, yet i couldn't appreciate it. instead, my mind was racing with a million thoughts, ideas, and plans. i couldn't focus on one thing for too long, i was constantly shifting gears, moving from one idea to the next. i felt an intense energy coursing through my veins, a feeling of invincibility, as if i could conquer the world. i was elated, euphoric, and i couldn't contain my excitement.
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself awake in the early hours of the morning, my thoughts racing like a wild, untamed horse. i couldn't calm the storm in my mind, and the emotions coursing through me were a rollercoaster of highs and lows. i lay there, tears streaming down my face, feeling both elated and despairing all at once. as i lay there, i tried to make sense of what was happening to me. i was acutely aware that i was experiencing an episode, but i couldn't help but wonder why this was happening. i felt a deep sense of sadness and frustration, knowing that this wasn't the
international health insurance? i know this may be a long shot, but i m moving abroad this summer and am shopping around for an international health insurance plan that will cover my psychiatric medications and a few psychiatrist visits a year. does anyone have experience with this? my work doesn t provide expat insurance and i ll be primarily getting my healthcare in south africa but i ll be living in madagascar . i m pretty sure i qualify as having a pre existing condition but i haven t been in the hospital for three years, and i ve had consistent coverage for at least the last five years.
during my bipolar episode, i found myself lost in a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts, each one more intense than the last. the world around me seemed to spin in slow motion as i struggled to make sense of the chaos inside my head. i felt as if i were drowning in a sea of feelings, unable to grasp the edges and pull myself back to solid ground. as i lay in bed, my heart raced and my mind wandered, i couldn't help but reflect on the past few days. i thought about the way i had lashed out at loved ones, the late night drives, the reckless spending, and the sleepless nights. i couldn't believe
tired and angry i m just so over everything honestly. i use to love cleaning and self care and now it take all my energy to shower once a week. i ve been on all these different medications and the only one that worked my insurance randomly decided they didn t want to pay for it anymore. my psychiatrist is frustrated with me because i haven t started therapy but i genuinely can t afford it right now and i fully believe i m in a place where therapy just isn t a good idea. i m on geodon right now and it just makes me feel nothing. i miss who i was before this diagnosis . it s all so exhausting.
in mania here we go again. in mania. i had increased nightmares this weekend, slept restlessly the next two nights, stayed home monday and tuesday to chill and try to regulate because i just didn t feel right. wednesday almost bought a 1700 necklace. woke up this morning hyper af. awesome and fun and all that jazz. but also mad and threw my hairbrush. yes, i m on my meds. no i m not quitting my job. no i m not going to stop my meds. but fuck. i love it and hate it. edit i m going to the taylor swift concert tomorrow and it would be so fun on mania. maybe i don t call my psych until monday.
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself awash in a sea of conflicting emotions and thoughts. at times, i felt elated and invincible, as if i could conquer the world. i was filled with grand ideas and a fervent need to create and explore. i stayed up late into the night, fueled by caffeine and the exhilaration of my own thoughts. but just as quickly as this euphoria came upon me, it seemed to disappear, leaving me in its place with a deep sense of despair and hopelessness. i felt trapped in my own mind, unable to escape the dark thoughts that swirled around me like a thick fog
bipolar thought i used to believe that the world was a predictable place, where cause and effect held firm, where i could rely on the laws of nature to govern my every move. but then came the mood swings. one moment, i'm in the throes of depression, seeing only darkness and despair in my future. the next, i'm manic, filled with boundless energy and grand plans. i've learned to accept the uncertainty, to embrace the unpredictability, to dance with the chaos rather than trying to control it. it's not always easy, but i've come to realize that life, much like my moods, is an ever changing tap
in the blink of an eye, the whirlwind of color and sound dissipated, leaving me alone in the vast, empty expanse of my thoughts. i had been riding the crest of a manic wave, my mind alight with ideas, creativity bursting forth in a torrent of words and melodies. the world around me was vibrant and alive, pulsing with energy and possibility. i was the conductor of this orchestra, wielding my baton with confidence and grace. but then, just as suddenly as it had arrived, the mania receded, and i was left with the cold, hard reality of depression. the colors drained from my vision, leaving me
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i'm sitting here in the dimly lit room, my heart pounding in my chest, thoughts racing through my mind like a freight train. the clock on the wall ticks by, each second an eternity, each minute a lifetime. i can't believe this is happening again. the familiar sensation of mania creeping up on me, threatening to consume me whole. i try to remember the last time this happened, but my memory is hazy, like a fog that refuses to lift. i recall the intense energy, the boundless creativity, the euphoria that seemed to permeate every fiber of my being.
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with enthusiasm and focus. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the energy or motivation to do anything. yesterday, i was filled with clarity and purpose, making plans and setting goals. today, i'm consumed by a thick fog of confusion and indecision. yesterday, i was confident and self assured, feeling in control of my emotions and actions. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and self doubt, questioning my worth and abilities. yesterday, i was buzzing with excitement and anticipation, looking forward to the future. today,
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed at 3 am, my mind racing with a jumble of thoughts and emotions. i couldn't sleep, and i couldn't quite figure out why. as i pondered the cause of my restlessness, i realized that i was in the throes of a manic episode. i had been feeling increasingly agitated and energetic for days, and now the insomnia had set in. as i lay there, trying to make sense of my experience, i couldn't help but reflect on the way that bipolar disorder has shaped my life. i thought about the countless hours i had spent in therapy sessions, trying
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i sit in the dimly lit room, the cool breeze filtering in through the open window. the night sky outside is a canvas of stars, each one twinkling with an ethereal glow. i feel a strange disconnect from the world around me, like i'm observing life through a thin layer of glass. the calmness of the night contrasts sharply with the storm raging inside of me. it started as a simple mood swing, an inconvenient but manageable irritation that i could ignore. but, as the hours passed, the irritation turned into full blown anger, a hot, fiery ball that
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, unable to sleep despite the exhaustion that weighed on my bones. the room spun around me, and my thoughts raced faster than a thousand galloping horses. i couldn't focus on anything, yet my mind was filled with a torrent of ideas, plans, and desires. it was as if i had swallowed a bottle of red bull and a bag of skittles, and my brain was on a wild, sugar fueled ride. i reached for my phone, and mindlessly scrolled through social media, liking and commenting on posts that held no real meaning to me. my heart pounded in my chest
bipolar thought the world is an endless tapestry of infinite possibilities, a kaleidoscope of colors, shapes, and emotions. i am the artist, the architect, the masterpiece. in my manic phases, i am the bold, brilliant stroke, the innovative design, the pulsing heartbeat that drives the creation forward. in my depressive phases, i am the melancholic hue, the intricate detail, the quiet, reflective moment. but as the sun sets and the day fades, the colors begin to blend and the details start to disappear. i am no longer the masterpiece i am the canvas, the backdrop, the support system. in
example 2 'this morning, i felt a sudden wave of sadness and hopelessness, like a dark cloud had settled over me, despite having a productive and joyful day the day before.' example 3 'one moment i was elated, laughing and joking with friends, the next moment i was consumed by an intense rage, feeling like i wanted to lash out and destroy everything around me.' example 4 'i was in the depths of despair, feeling like there was no hope or purpose to my existence, but now, a few hours later, i'm filled with a renewed sense of energy and motivation, ready to tackle the world again.' example
person a during a manic phase i've got this brilliant idea! we can start a global movement to eradicate world hunger, bring peace to every conflict zone, and make education accessible to everyone! i'll write a book, create a social media campaign, and give motivational speeches at universities around the world. we'll be unstoppable! a few days later during a depressive phase meh... why even bother? what's the point? nothing i do will make a difference. the world is an endless cycle of suffering and pain. and why should i care? i'm not important enough to change anything. i'll just stay
feeling of dread and despair i have an overwhelming feeling of dread right now and i'm barely keeping it together. im feeling legitly sick right now. i just cant. plus i think my relationship is ending. my life was going so good. i was so stable. i am learning to leave my problems at the door when i go to work but i just cant deal with my life right now when i have time to think. i'm having these thoughts of stabbing myself. i'm not going to it's just a continuous cycle of these thoughts when i go through this. i can't deal with the dread and my relationship going down the shitter. ugh
any other pregnant ladies? it s my first time pregnant and i m really happy excited. after years of contemplating and planning, the husband and i finally decided to go for it. we re in our 30 s, i ve been the most stable i ve ever been in my life for 6 months, and i have a great therapist. i m currently on 200mg lamictal and will be staying on it throughout the pregnancy and during breastfeeding. i came to this decision with the help of a prenatal psychiatrist. feel free to ask any questions. i d love to hear from other pregnant ladies or mom s with tips and tricks for staying healthy.
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, i'm stuck in a fog, unable to focus or find motivation. yesterday, i was elated and filled with joy, my mind racing with excitement and possibilities. today, i'm overwhelmed with sadness, every little thing bringing me to tears. yesterday, i felt invincible and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge. today, i'm exhausted and struggling to get out of bed, my energy completely depleted. yesterday, i was filled with hope and optimism, believing in a brighter future. today
memory issues? i've seen so many posts on here about people having issues with long term memory and i was wondering if anyone has found a way to fix improve this. i literally cannot remember anything and am constantly misplacing timelines and just straight up forgetting events that have happened. i hate it so much and i just want to fix it, i'm tired of everything being so hazy. it feels like it's getting worse too i went in for a ct scan in december because my memory is so bad that my psychiatrist was concerned that it could be a potential brain tumor. i just want to feel normal again
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood, energy levels, and thought processes. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you may be plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing fatigue. here are a few examples of brief thoughts that capture the mood shifts in bipolar disorder 'this morning, i was brimming with optimism and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely bring myself to move.' 'just a few hours ago, i was buzzing with excitement and inspiration. now, i'm trapped in a fog of despair and
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit here in the dimly lit room, my heart races with an energy that seems foreign to my body. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, ideas, and emotions, all vying for my attention. i can feel the manic excitement building within me, and i know that i am on the verge of another bipolar episode. i close my eyes and take a deep breath, trying to center myself in the chaos. i've been here before, many times. i've learned to recognize the signs, the symptoms, and the cycle of my manic episodes. but even with all the knowledge and experience, i
example 1 this morning, i felt a wave of sadness and hopelessness wash over me, a stark contrast to the excitement and motivation i experienced just a few days ago. example 2 my thoughts were racing and i was filled with grand plans yesterday. today, i'm barely able to focus and feel utterly exhausted, as if my energy has been sapped away. example 3 i was filled with joy and creativity yesterday, but today i'm plagued by a deep sense of despair and the inability to find pleasure in anything. example 4 the elation and productivity of last week have given way to a profound sense of leth
a note from my mother after 3 years of choosing to not speak to my parents and going through a traumatic manic episode, i m healing that relationship again. i was on facetime with them a couple days ago and they showed me a note my mother wrote in my baby book. for context my mother was undiagnosed bipolar at the time. the line that truly hit me during this writing was life is not always kind and is always mysterious prophetic considering it s something i feel like we can all relate to. i needed it at that point in time. maybe my sharing will be something you need to hear as well lt 3
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions swirl in a turbulent maelstrom, leaving me feeling both elated and utterly dejected. i find myself lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, as the hours slip away like sand through an hourglass. my mind races, filled with a cacophony of ideas, memories, and desires. i feel a deep connection to the world around me, yet i am painfully aware of my own insignificance within it. the sun rises, casting golden hues across the sky. i am filled with a sense of boundless energy and creativity. i write poetry, paint, and compose music. i feel as if
inner monologue ah, the sweet symphony of productivity. the rhythmic dance of ideas cascading through my mind, the thrill of setting a goal and achieving it before the day s end, the satisfaction of crossing tasks off my to do list. this is the manic state, the peak of my bipolar mountain. i am the master of my domain, the conqueror of projects, the champion of efficiency. but as i gaze upon the ever expanding list of accomplishments before me, a shift begins to creep in. a whisper of doubt, a faint reminder of an impending shadow. the manic high begins to wane, and the depressive low
father was bi polar manic, worried. hi, so my dad was diagnosed as bi polar manic a few years ago and has spent his time in and out of hospitals for the past few years, it's always been in the back of my head that i could have received it too. sometimes i feel at the top of the world and splurge on very useless things and spend a lot of my money, other days i feel the exact opposite and just want to curl up and stay in my room all night. is the disease genetic? just worried i don't know if im just sad at the time or if what im experiencing isn't bad compared to what being bipolar is.
the calm i have bipolar 2. after a month of isolation and depression, i went out with my friends last night and had a great time. i went home tired and slept the whole day. i woke up exhausted but the racing thoughts and irritability are gone. my mind is blank and surprisingly calm. i'm actually panicking a bit because, at this point, i don't know what's happening. there are no more excessive intrusive thoughts, or those crazy ideas just really calm. i feel alright but i still think of suicide. i think what scares me a bit is that i experience this before a big mood swing. am i okay?
how to get meds without psych? hey guys i'll keep this short, basically i've been seeing a psych through my university. were currently about 2 weeks from the end of winter break and i'm going to run out of my lamictal tomorrow. for some reason the pharmacy said im not able to refill my prescription without a confirmation from my doc. do i have any options for getting an emergency script somewhere or am i going to have to just wait it out? i cant afford a trip to urgent care, however after i get my next paycheck i will be able too if that's my only option. anyone know what i should do
in the dim recesses of my mind, a tempest brewed. the storm clouds gathered, their dark tendrils reaching out, ensnaring my thoughts and suffusing them with a deep, palpable melancholy. how could it be, that in the blink of an eye, the vibrant, pulsating energy that once coursed through my veins had been replaced by this oppressive miasma? the mania, that wild, unbridled force that had propelled me through the day with boundless enthusiasm, had vanished, leaving behind an emptiness so profound it seemed to swallow me whole. but it wasn't just the absence of mania that weighed upon me
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions race at a pace that feels impossible to keep up with. it's as if i'm on an emotional rollercoaster, experiencing highs and lows that can feel overwhelming. as i sit here in the quiet of my room, i try to make sense of the chaos swirling in my mind. my heart races, my thoughts jumble, and i can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few seconds at a time. i feel a deep sadness and hopelessness, mixed with a sense of energy and excitement that keeps me from truly allowing myself to experience the sadness. i can't remember the last
a personal reflection during a bipolar episode could look something like this i've been feeling intense emotions for the past few days a mix of elation and despair that's hard to put into words. i've been staying up late, unable to sleep, and my thoughts have been racing a mile a minute. i've been making grand plans for my future, promising myself that i'll start that business, write that book, or travel the world. i've been feeling invincible, like nothing can stop me. but then, i'll suddenly crash. i'll feel a deep sadness, like a heavy weight pressing down on me. i'll retreat into
example last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find joy in anything. example this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the future. now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by anxious thoughts and dark feelings, unsure if i'll ever find my way back to happiness. example just a few hours ago, i was laughing and joking with friends, feeling alive and connected. now, i'm alone in my room, tears streaming down my face, unable to shake the crushing weight of sadness and despair
lamictal issues since raising dosage hi all, first post here, amp x200b so, i've been on lamictal for about 8 months and haven't had any issues. i've had it slowly raised from 50mg to 300 mg last week. since i've raised from 250 mg to 300mg i'm seeing a massive increase in being disoriented, vision being fuzzy, unable to think straight like type at work or write , and last night i experienced a large amount of paranoia i haven't felt since before i went on the medication. does this sound like 300 mg might be too much for me and i should go back down to 250 mg? amp x200b thanks, all!
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit here in the dimly lit room, my heart races with a frenetic energy that courses through my veins. the thoughts in my mind come in a torrent, each one more urgent than the last. my breath comes in shallow gasps, each one barely enough to sustain me as i struggle to keep up with the mental gymnastics that my mind is putting me through. i am in the throes of a bipolar episode, and i can't help but reflect on the chaos that has come to define my life in these moments. the world around me feels like a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds,
misdiagnosed? so i was recently diagnosed with bipolar however i am really debating it the last few hours. i have felt fine for a few days, really really good, i ve done a lot, sorted lots out and now i am kinda feeling like it s over the top saying it s bipolar and i am actually fine. i am really confused about everything. is this the bipolar in me, messing with me or am i actually fine? i was not okay before being diagnosed with this and now i am diagnosed, i just can t help but think in this moment that it s all wrong and i am in a good place again now and i don t need treatment.
alcohol causing instability? does anyone else experience depression after drinking? even if it s only a beer or two? i recently stated clawing my way out of a bad depressive episode and was on a roll of 2 days pretty stable until i drank last night. i only had one beer, but it made me so tired i had to take a nap and then boom wake up not feeling great. ruined the rest of my night because i just lost all desire pleasure from doing things. now i feel this apathetic mild depression just sitting there today and am worried its going to stay for awhile. do i need to just give up alcohol?
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lack of motivation. i went from manically planning a project to feeling hopelessly stuck in my own thoughts, unable to focus or make progress. my mood swung from euphoric excitement to crushing despair in the span of a single hour. i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and energy, but suddenly, the darkness descended, and i was left feeling empty and devoid of motivation. one moment, i felt like i could conquer the world, the next, i was paralyzed by anxiety and fear
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions can be a turbulent storm, leaving me feeling both elated and crushed in an instant. i may believe i've discovered the meaning of the universe or that i'm invincible, only to be plunged into a deep, despairing pit moments later. here's an example of a personal reflection during one such episode i can't believe this, i'm on top of the world! i've figured out the solution to world hunger, cured cancer, and even written a best selling novel all in one day. the sun seems to shine brighter, the colors more vibrant, and my heart beats with
mania, oh mania. i've been dancing with you for days now, our feet barely touching the ground as we spiral higher and higher into a euphoric state. i've felt invincible, alive, my mind racing with ideas and possibilities. i've been unstoppable, a whirlwind of productivity and creativity. but as always, the manic phase is beginning to wane, and i can feel the darkness of depression lurking just beyond the horizon. i used to fear these mood swings, the way they would take me from the peaks of mania to the depths of depression with such little warning. but over the years, i've come to
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself lying on the floor of my bedroom, the sunlight streaming in through the window casting a golden hue over the room. i felt a deep sense of euphoria and creativity, my thoughts racing a mile a minute. i had so many ideas, so many plans, and i was determined to make every last one of them a reality. i started jotting down notes, scribbling ideas and thoughts on any piece of paper i could find. i felt alive, invincible, unstoppable. but as the hours passed, the euphoria began to fade, and with it came a sense of restlessness, agitation,
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and focus, able to tackle any project. today, i'm enveloped in a fog, struggling to find motivation or interest. example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, full of confidence and determination. today, i'm consumed by anxiety and doubt, unable to make even the simplest decisions. example yesterday, i was filled with joy and laughter, connecting with loved ones and experiencing pure happiness. today, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find pleasure in anything. example yesterday, i was consumed by a manic energy,
idk what to do i don t want to do therapy or meds anymore. i don t want a therapist telling me what to think or meds making me feel ways i m not supposed to feel . i just want to have control over my body and i feel like everyone is telling me what do with it . honestly i feel like everyone around me is so stupid. they don t know anything about me . like i don t need that stuff i m fine on my own . i feel like everyone is trying to control me or mess me up. i feel like i can t do this anymore i feel like everything around me is going so slow and i m really confused about my life rn
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be consumed by despair, apathy, and fatigue. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling excited for the day ahead, ready to tackle new projects. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and a sense of hopelessness.' bipolar disorder can also bring intense emotional swings, making it difficult to predict or control your moods. one minute, you might feel euphoric and invincible the next, you may be engulfed by feelings of worth
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe i'm here again. i thought i had finally managed to get a handle on my bipolar disorder, but here i am, wide awake at 3 a.m., heart racing, thoughts swirling through my head like a tornado. the mania that had consumed me just a few days ago is now replaced by an unrelenting depression. it started with the racing thoughts, the inability to focus on anything for more than a few minutes. i'd tried to ignore it, telling myself that it was just a bad day, that i could push through it. but the thoughts continued, growing louder
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions swirl like a tornado through my mind. i can barely focus on anything for long enough to complete even the simplest of tasks. i'm up late at night, my mind racing, and i'm unable to sleep. my thoughts are a chaotic jumble of ideas, memories, regrets, and fears. as i lay there in the dark, i try to make sense of it all. i can't help but reflect on how far i've strayed from the person i once was. the person who used to be reliable, responsible, and focused. the person who took pride in her accomplishments and who was always there for
manic depression vs bipolar i see a lot of discussion on this subreddit about the method in which you choose to explain to people how you have bipolar disorder or are bipolar. recently, i ve noticed that within the context of suicide and famous artists chester bennington, chris cornell, anthony bourdain, etc , these individuals are often deemed as suffering from manic depression. manic depression, from my understanding, is the former terminology used to describe bipolar disorder. i m curious to know if anyone else out there prefers this terminology? if so, why? anyway... thoughts?
manic the day was bursting with energy, vibrant and alive in every cell of my being. i reveled in the joy of it, the endless possibilities of a world at my fingertips. the colors seemed more brilliant, the sun more radiant, the birds more melodic. my thoughts raced at a million miles an hour, new ideas popping up with each breath, and i could barely contain my excitement. i wanted to create, to build, to explore, to do it all, and do it now! my heart swelled with the exhilaration of it, the freedom, the boundless potential. this was the high, the rush, the rush of life itself, and
in your response, incorporate two specific symptoms or behaviors. bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, often described as riding an emotional rollercoaster. the elation and energy of mania can morph into the deep despair and lethargy of depression, creating a profound emotional turmoil. one moment, thoughts race as ideas spark and blossom, punctuated by impulsive spending or restless productivity the next, words stick like glue in the mind, weighed down by sadness and exhaustion, leaving only the overwhelming urge to retreat and hide.
i don't think i am ready to go back to work. i used to be diagnosed with bipolar, but it turns out i'm not. this, however, is the most helpful mental health sub, so i'm going to post it here. i have very severe depression. i have been hospitalized twice, last time was two weeks in february. i get ssdi. i am not good at understanding myself and i told vocational rehabilitation i was ready to go back with my ticket to work. i'm not ready. i'm an idiot. what do i do? i have a meeting scheduled with a job developer at the end of the month who is going to help me get in the work force.
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself completely consumed by a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts. i couldn't seem to focus on anything for long, constantly jumping from one idea to the next. i was elated one moment, and desolate the next. my moods shifted so rapidly, it was like i was on a rollercoaster, plummeting from one extreme to the other. at the height of my mania, i felt like i could conquer the world. i was filled with grandiose ideas, and i couldn't wait to implement them all. i stayed up late into the night, scribbling down notes and jotting down plans
the sun rises, filling my bedroom with warm light. a part of me revels in its gentle touch, grateful for another day, the promise of a fresh start. another part shudders as the sun s glare awakens the churning maelstrom within, the storm of emotions and energy that often accompany my bipolar mood swings. not today, i whisper, closing my eyes, willing away the impending storm. but as i open them once more, the sunlight dances off the glass, a million tiny rainbows casting their hypnotic spell. my heart beats a little faster, my breath shallower. the storm has already begun. i am a
in the hazy recesses of my consciousness, a storm brewed, the clouds of my thoughts gathering on the horizon of my mind. mania had been my constant companion, a relentless energy that drove me forward, a whirlwind of thoughts and ideas that consumed me. but today, something shifted, a quiet hollowness seeping into the cracks of my elation. the mania, that frenzied muse, had fueled my every waking moment, my every creative endeavor. the words flowed effortlessly from my pen, my thoughts racing a thousand miles an hour. i reveled in the sense of omnipotence, the belief that i could
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit in the dimly lit room, the world outside the window seems to blur and dance before my eyes. my heart races, and my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, feelings, and ideas. this is not the first time i've found myself in this place. i've been here before, and i know all too well what comes next. this is a bipolar episode, and it's taking its toll on me. the sun is setting, painting the sky in hues of pink and orange, but all i can focus on is the storm brewing within me. i feel the familiar pull towards creativity and productivity
inner monologue ah, the sweet symphony of mania, the electric energy coursing through my veins, the intoxicating elixir of productivity, the invigorating dance of inspiration. my mind is a kaleidoscope of ideas, a vibrant mosaic of dreams and schemes, a whirlwind of thoughts that race through the neural pathways of my consciousness like lightning bolts, illuminating every corner of my being. my fingers dance across the keyboard, effortlessly churning out words and sentences, crafting masterpieces that will leave the world in awe. i'm unstoppable, indomitable, invincible, a jugger
the sun peeks through the gaps in the curtains, illuminating the room in a warm, golden hue. i'm awake. i can feel it, the energy coursing through my veins, the ideas flooding my mind, the excitement tingling on the edges of my consciousness. today is the day. i'm going to create something amazing. something groundbreaking. something that will change the world. i leap out of bed, my heart pounding in my chest, my mind racing with possibilities. i dash to the kitchen, grabbing a mug and filling it with steaming hot coffee. i take a sip, savoring the bitter taste, the jolt of caffe
running out of meds to try i'm so jealous of people who've been on their meds for years and they work for them. i, however, can't find a med that works for me. it's been over 3 years and i've gone through pretty much every med out there. some work for a bit and then stop. some i have horrible side effects. right now i stopped zyprexa about 2 weeks ago because i gained 15 pounds in two weeks and that's a deal breaker for me. so now i have no clue what i'm going to take. i have to be medicated or else bad things happen. not really sure if anyone can help, i'm just sort of ranting.
the passage should be between 500 and 600 words. as the sun began to peek over the horizon, i lay in bed, my body wrapped in a cocoon of sheets and blankets, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts and ideas. the world outside was just waking up, the birds had begun their chorus, the neighborhood was coming alive with the sounds of traffic and the distant hum of airplanes overhead. but for me, i couldn't bring myself to join in the daily dance of life. instead, i stayed ensconced in my sanctuary of blankets, my thoughts a jumbled mess of energy and restlessness. i was manic. man
i can't believe it. another one of those swings. i was just starting to feel good about myself, gaining confidence, seeing opportunities, when it all came crashing down. now i'm lying in this dark room, blankets over my head, trying to hold back the tears, wondering how i'll ever get through this low. i'm so tired of the constant cycle, the ups and downs, the highs and the crashes. i want to be normal, to feel stable, to live a life without the mood swings, without the mania, without the despair. but every time i start to believe that i've finally found my footing, bipolar slaps
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit in the dimly lit room, the weight of my thoughts bearing down on me like an unyielding tide, i can't help but reflect on the chaotic tumult that has come to define my existence these past few days. the elated euphoria that once consumed me, now replaced by a crushing despair that threatens to swallow me whole. i can barely recognize the person i have become, a puppet to the whims of my uncontrollable mood swings. the sun has long since set, and the darkness outside mirrors the depths of my soul. i can't remember the last time
this monologue should also describe how the individual is functioning and what thoughts are going through their mind during each mood. inner monologue manic mood oh wow, i've got this! the day is mine to conquer, and i've got a million ideas rushing through my mind. the sun is shining, and the world is a canvas waiting for my brilliant strokes. i'm unstoppable! i can do anything and everything. my thoughts are a symphony, each one building on the next, creating a masterpiece of ideas, plans, and dreams. my heart beats with the energy of a thousand suns, and my mind races like a
it s like the line between reality and mania is blurred had major hypomanic manic episode july december last year. i know what my realities are, i really do. however it s like the obsessions creep back in and my brain won t stop cycling over a person that i know isn t healthy and a pos. i know they re intrusive thoughts. i know what i need to do to combat them. but damn it s a fight every day. i don t remember having this fight 10 years ago. that being said we are fighters. we can do this. i m surrounding myself with people who know me and love me. anyone else in the same boat?
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i'm lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, my mind racing a thousand miles an hour. my heart beats fast, and my thoughts are a jumbled mess. i can't believe this is happening again. the manic highs of the last few days have turned into the dark depths of a depressive episode. i feel alone, isolated, and like i'm trapped inside my own head. i've been here before. i remember the feeling all too well. the endless hours spent lying in bed, unable to move or think, the overwhelming sadness and despair that consumes me. it's a vicious cycle
a person with bipolar disorder experiences intense emotional swings, often referred to as mood episodes, which can last for hours, days, or even weeks. during a moment of emotional contrast, they might experience a sudden and intense shift from one mood to another, such as going from an elated and euphoric high to a deep and despairing low. during a high, they might feel increased energy and creativity euphoria and a sense of invincibility grandiose thoughts and inflated self confidence racing thoughts and speech reduced need for sleep during a low, they might feel sadness, hop
in the depths of my soul, a tempest rages, a maelstrom of emotions, swirling together in an intricate dance of mania and despair. the sun sets on another day, its vibrant hues bleeding into the night sky, reflecting the cacophony of feelings that war within the confines of my mind. mania. a muse that ignites the very core of my being, an insatiable appetite for creation and life. each breath feels like a spark that ignites my synapses, fueling the engine of my thoughts, my heart, my spirit. the world is a canvas upon which i paint the vibrant strokes of my boundless imagination
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions seem to race at a speed that defies comprehension. it's as if i've been thrown into a vat of electric soup, with my brain sizzling and sparking in every direction. the world around me is a vibrant kaleidoscope of color and sound, a dizzying symphony of sensation. but beneath the swirling chaos, there's a part of me that yearns for clarity, for understanding. i long to make sense of the whirlwind of feelings and thoughts that buffet me from all sides. so, i sit down to write, to capture the essence of this tumultuous experience.
just when i thought i was regaining control, the storm within me has returned, leaving me feeling disoriented and lost. from elated and productive to despair and immobility, bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly on edge. one moment i'm brimming with creativity and focus, the next engulfed in a fog of apathy and despair, the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and trapped. the sun shines brightly on my optimistic days, but the clouds gather, bringing the storm of despair that leaves me feeling small and powerless. bip
during a bipolar episode, i found myself lying in bed, unable to sleep despite my exhaustion. my mind was racing with thoughts, ideas, and plans, each one more extravagant than the last. i couldn't help but feel elated, invincible, and alive in a way that i had never experienced before. but as the hours ticked by, i began to notice a familiar tightness in my chest, a gnawing sense of unease that i had come to recognize as anxiety. i realized that i had been manic for days, fueled by an endless supply of caffeine and sugar, and driven by an insatiable need to create and achieve
mania gripped me, a wild and frenzied beast that raced through my veins, setting my heart ablaze and my mind alight with ideas and plans. the sun hung low in the sky, casting long golden rays that danced across the landscape, igniting the world around me with a spark of electric energy. i was alive, vibrant and vital, a force to be reckoned with, unstoppable and unyielding. the world was my playground, my canvas, and i was determined to paint it with bold strokes of color and passion. i could feel the words pouring out of me, a torrent of inspiration and creativity, a river of
how often between med changes? a year ago i was out on medical leave for a major stress triggered episode and my entire cocktail changed to get me working again. i've had two severe depressive episodes since then but i take some extra lamictal and ride them out. i think i'm in a mixed episode right now though and i see my doctor in two weeks, i don't know if it's time for an adjustment or just ride this out too. the rage and anxiety, next minute i'm holding in tears all trying to hide in the bathroom at work. i don't know. lithium, lamictal, lexapro tiny , and topamax appetite
this is my attempt to show the extreme changes and mood swings someone with bipolar may experience in a single day, or in this case, several minutes. it was the same sunrise, as always. the crimson sky kissed the edges of the world as the day stretched out its warm limbs, but today, it held no enchantment for her. no peace, no comfort. she sat in the same place, at her kitchen table, with the same mug of cold coffee growing ever colder, and as the sunlight crept over the horizon and into her kitchen, she couldn't feel it. instead, she felt an icy, gnawing feeling in the pit of
advice for terminal insomnia? i'm recently out of a long and dreary depression, and finally feeling active and happy again. i'm probably in the early stages of hypomania, but doing good so far and keeping an eye on it. my main problem now is the insomnia. i have no trouble falling asleep at all, but most nights i wake up after 4 or 5 hours and can't get back to sleep at all. i know that the lack of sleep will probably trigger hypomania or mania for me. i'm going to talk to my doc and see if a low dose antipsychotic would help, but i thought i'd see if anyone here has any tips.
in the throes of mania, i am a whirlwind of energy and inspiration, my thoughts racing a million miles an hour. ideas bloom and burst forth like flowers in spring, vibrant and full of life. the world is a kaleidoscope of color and sound, each moment an adventure waiting to be explored. i am on top of the world, unstoppable and unbreakable. i am invincible. but then, like a summer storm, the mania passes, leaving behind a desolate landscape of despair and hopelessness. i am no longer the vibrant, vivacious person i once was. i am a hollow shell, a mere reflection of myself. the
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself engulfed in a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts that seemed to spin out of control. as i lay in bed, my heart racing, i couldn't help but reflect on the chaos that had consumed me. the sun had set hours ago, and the moon hung heavily in the sky, casting an eerie glow over my bedroom. my thoughts raced like a runaway train, each one more intense and frenzied than the last. i felt a deep sense of despair and hopelessness, yet at the same time, an insatiable need to create and explore. i longed for the comforting embrace of a loved
i the sun is rising, painting the sky in warm hues of orange and pink. i can feel the energy coursing through my veins, the familiar buzz of inspiration and motivation. ideas are flowing like a river, filling me with an exhilarating sense of purpose and drive. i can already hear the faint hum of my mental engines revving up, ready to tackle the day with unyielding determination. but what's this? a twinge of darkness, creeping in at the corners of my thoughts, tainting the edge of my elation. it's that familiar pang of unease, the unwelcome intruder that threatens to dampen my
advice on getting work accommodations? i am currently trying to get permission to work from home full time. it s been denied before, but i was just told to add a lot of details anyone have experience with this? what did you include? if you got any other accommodations, please feel free to share! i am hanging by a thread when i have mixed episodes and can only function from home. edit to add i had to take a 3 month leave of absence so i feel like i can use that to emphasize my need more. i m also diagnosed with social anxiety and being around these loud strangers doesn t help.
me suddenly energized and excited oh my goodness, i've got this great idea for a business! it's going to revolutionize the way people connect and communicate! mind wait a minute... this could be just a manic phase. let's think this through logically before making any decisions. me starts brainstorming and listing potential challenges, resources, and steps okay, so first we'd need to secure funding, then build a team, and develop a prototype... mind that's all well and good, but consider the possibility of a depressive episode. how will you cope during that time? do you have a
mania gripped me, its intoxicating tendrils coiling around my mind, igniting my thoughts with a brilliant, fiery energy. i reveled in the rush of ideas that surged through me, my heart pounding with exhilaration as i scribbled furiously in my journal, my mind whirling with possibilities. i was unstoppable, untouchable, invincible. but as the hours turned into days, the mania began to recede, leaving in its wake a hollow emptiness. the exhilaration gave way to a deep, crushing sadness, and the once brilliant ideas seemed trivial and meaningless. i stared at the blank pages of
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, the darkness has descended, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of sadness and fatigue. example one moment i'm elated, overflowing with joy and excitement the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling worthless and hopeless. example the sun was shining and i felt alive with possibilities yesterday. today, the clouds have rolled in, and all i feel is an overwhelming sense of despair and helplessness. example yesterday, i was in a state of manic energy and euphoria. today, the man
this is not meant to be a professional assessment or diagnosis, but rather a glimpse into the possible emotions and thoughts that may arise during a manic or depressive episode. manic episode thoughts 1. i've got this energy coursing through me and it feels amazing! i can accomplish anything today. 2. ideas are flowing like a never ending river, and i have to capture every single one. 3. i'm unstoppable, invincible even! nothing can bring me down. 4. i've found the solution to world peace, and i'm going to change the world! 5. my mind is racing a million miles an hour, but i
person a mid afternoon, sitting alone at the kitchen table, staring at a half eaten sandwich i thought today was going to be a good day. i had a solid plan, the right attitude, even managed to wake up before noon. and look where i am now at 3pm, in my kitchen, with the last remnants of a sandwich that i can't seem to finish. i just can't seem to focus on anything these days. every small task seems insurmountable, and even when i manage to start one, my mind races off in a hundred different directions, leaving me completely stuck and utterly drained. the sandwich i was making
just when i was feeling hopeful and productive, my mood suddenly plummeted, leaving me feeling lost and hopeless. my mind was a whirlwind of creativity and focus, but now it's as if a thick fog has descended, clouding my thoughts and leaving me feeling disconnected and lethargic. one moment i was filled with joy and excitement, the next i was consumed by sadness and despair, as if two opposing forces were battling within me. the sun was shining and i felt alive, but now the clouds have rolled in, casting a shadow over my spirit and leaving me feeling lifeless and drained. i
do you swallow your pills one by one or all at once? i ve always taken them all at once along with my multivitamin and didn t know so many people took them one by one. that seems so time consuming, especially when you have ten or more to take. i just put water in my mouth, lean back and let it sit in the back of my throat, toss the pills in, open my throat to swallow then drink some more water. been doing that for over twenty years and never had any issues and never got any of them on my tongue with the nasty taste i hear about. does anyone else take their pills like this?
mania, oh mania, the elixir of life, the nectar of creativity, the pinnacle of productivity. i've tasted you before, dear friend, and i've reveled in your warm embrace, dancing in the realm of boundless ideas and endless energy. the world around me becomes a playground of possibilities, and i am the master of my own destiny. the hours slip by unnoticed, as i delve deeper into the vortex of my passions, and the lines between reality and fantasy blur into a kaleidoscope of glorious inspiration. but alas, even the most magnificent of feasts must come to an end. the first tend
medicated type 1 hypomanic and scared. help! hey all, diagnosed with type 1 after mania and hospitalization two years ago. been on medication ever since. settled into something about 6 months ago. felt pretty stable, but i was triggered one week ago by a really stressful work event. couldn t tell if i was just normally stressed or if it was hypomania. now, two weeks later, work settled down and i m still experiencing the symptoms. i have three days until my next doctors appointment. what can i do? i really don t want another full blown manic episode. thanks for any advice.
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. another example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, full of optimism and determination. today, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything. example yesterday, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future. today, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and fear of what might come next. example yesterday, i was calm and centered, able to think clearly and make rational decisions. today, i'm in the grip
in the bright, unyielding light of morning, i awoke with a jolt, the world vibrating around me with the frenetic energy of a thousand caffeinated bees. the air crackled with possibilities, and my heart thrummed in my chest like a drum. i was going to conquer the day, i was going to make it mine. the sun filtered in through the curtains, casting long, golden beams across the room. i sat up, my limbs tingling with excitement. i could feel the mania building within me, a wild and untamed beast, ready to be unleashed. i could hear the voice of inspiration whispering in my ear,
example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, my mind was racing with creativity and motivation. today, i'm in a deep pit of despair, unable to find the energy or will to get out of bed. yesterday, i was elated, filled with a sense of euphoria and boundless enthusiasm. today, i'm consumed by a dark and heavy sadness, the weight of the world pressing down on me. yesterday, i was focused and productive, feeling in control of my thoughts and actions. today, i'm overwhelmed by confusion and disorganization, unable to concentrate or make decisions. yesterday, i felt
bipolar thought i used to think that mania was this brilliant, creative, euphoric state, where i was the best version of myself. i could conquer the world, come up with revolutionary ideas, and feel invincible. but now, in this current manic episode, i'm surrounded by a different kind of energy. my thoughts race, uncontrollably darting from one topic to another. i'm distracted, restless, and my mood swings in an instant. the world around me feels heightened, colors more vivid, sounds louder. i'm both exhilarated and exhausted, my mind unable to settle. and yet, beneath the
getting a psychiatrist referral in australia hey guys, i'm on the annoying wait for a psychiatrist appointment and it's only an analysis with not guarantee she will take me as a patient. the positive to it is that she comes highly recommended from a gp who previously worked with her at a mental health facility, and the three months might go quickly and of course the chances are she will take me on. however, i am still considering looking for a faster route if possible. in regards to private health insurance, i have top bupa cover but know its limitation for these services.
generic abilify has become too expensive. any suggestions for an alternative? i'm in the usa and my generic abilify is now 30 a month up from 5 through medicare. i also have the extra help program for those familiar with it. i'm on disability and on a very tight budget. it's been a good mood stabilizer for me but i need to explore cheaper alternatives that are not seroquel with my pdoc. any suggestions that i can look up prices for and ask my pdoc about? ps it really sucks that the us has such a shitty healthcare system that i'm being priced out of a med that works for me.
i told my therapist today that i think i'm probably bipolar. i have actually been diagnosed like three times. oh geez. i don't want to be bipolar, no one does, so you just like deny it. there's literally nothing valuable about this. i'm nearly unintelligible, no one can understand me. and obviously people know. my brain is telling me the solution is to be a standup comic. i'm not actively suicidal but i fantasize about not dealing with it. i was okay for like 8 years. fuck. when does it stop? i'm going to ask for meds but i really do not want to. i do not want to be this.
example last week, i was engrossed in a productive project, my mind racing with possibilities. now, i find myself staring at a blank screen, unable to focus or summon the motivation to continue. another example just a few hours ago, i was filled with joy and laughter, surrounded by friends. now, the room feels heavy and my heart aches, as though i've been plunged into a deep, dark abyss. a final example i was in a manic state, thinking a thousand thoughts a minute, when suddenly, i crashed. now, i'm wrapped in a blanket, shivering and exhausted, unable to recall the frenz
newly diagnosed i was just recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder. after about a year of trying ssris with absolutely no success my doctor referred me to a therapist. through therapy we ve discovered my problem is not just depression. i m so happy to hopefully have the right diagnosis and will soon be feeling more stable. i ve been started on a low dose of abilify 4mg because of the success it has had treating my mothers bpd. any one have any experience with abilify? so far my only symptoms are waking up through out the night and feeling slightly jittery during the day.
bipolar thought i was soaring high, riding the waves of creativity and euphoria, basking in the brilliance of my own thoughts, when all of a sudden, a shadow passed over the sun. the feeling shifted, an unwelcome visitor intruded on my joy, and i plummeted into the abyss of despair. i'm trapped in this roller coaster of emotions, unable to control the wild swings, and longing for the stability of the ground beneath my feet. how can i live like this, torn between two worlds, always teetering on the precipice of madness? i wish i could find balance, but the manic energy and
as i sat in the sun drenched courtyard, sipping my iced coffee, i marveled at the world around me. the chirping of birds, the gentle rustling of leaves, the vibrant colors of blooming flowers all seemed so alive, so full of potential and possibility. i felt invincible, my mind a swirling vortex of ideas and plans, a thousand projects clamoring for attention. i was on the cusp of something extraordinary, the brink of a manic high, the thrill of creation and productivity coursing through my veins. and then, as if a switch had been flipped, the mood inside me began to shift.
rant warning had fucking enough. i hate everybody and everything modern society, people, especially any sanist, atheists, my parents, the world, every single redditor, memes, neighbors, sjws, any kind of discriminator, myself, assholes, mythbusters fake science, medications, cycles, skeptics, people who take anything without a grain of salt, western arabian american oceanian african and asian cultures, rich people, police, politicians, communists, the army conscription, murder, rape, the lack of cigarettes, moderators... oh and also reddit asking me if i am a human right?
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself sitting alone in my room, the darkness enveloping me like a shroud. my heart raced with a mix of emotions fear, anger, sadness, and exhilaration. i couldn't quite comprehend the jumble of thoughts racing through my mind, but i knew i was in the throes of a manic episode. i wrote in my journal, trying to make sense of the chaos. the words flowed like lava, filling the pages with a frenetic energy. i marveled at the brilliance of my thoughts, the creative genius that coursed through my veins. i could solve the world's problems,
in the dimly lit recesses of my consciousness, the pendulum of my emotions swung violently, the sharp edge of mania giving way to the crushing weight of depression. i stood there, rooted to the spot, a spectator to the internal maelstrom, feeling both powerless and complicit in the whirlwind of feelings that surged within me. the mania, a giddy, exhilarating elixir that had once filled me with a sense of boundless energy, now felt like a cruel, empty echo of its former self. my thoughts raced, jostling for position in the chaotic symphony of my mind, each one a glittering
in this example, we'll consider a person in a depressive episode. person depressive episode i can't believe i've failed yet again. i've lost my job, my apartment, and my relationship. all those plans i made, those dreams i had, they're all shattered. i can't escape this feeling of worthlessness and hopelessness. the future seems dark, and the present is unbearable. i'm tired of fighting, of trying to make things better. sometimes, i just want to give in, to accept that this is my new reality. it's hard to find motivation or joy in anything, even the simplest tasks. all i
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, the world is spinning around me, a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds, both beautiful and terrifying. my heart beats wildly in my chest, as if trying to escape the confines of my body. i can't believe this is happening again. i thought i had things under control, but the darkness that enveloped me during my last episode has returned, and it's stronger than ever. i can't sleep. the thoughts racing through my mind are too loud, too powerful. i'm a human pinball, bouncing from one idea to the next, each one more extr
example 1 yesterday, i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, overflowing with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of despair, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. example 2 lately, i've been stuck in a dark and hopeless place, unable to find the energy or focus to accomplish even the simplest tasks. but today, a glimmer of hope flickers within me, igniting a renewed sense of purpose and determination. example 3 i used to be a social butterfly, always eager to connect with others and engage in lively conversations. but now, i find myself
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't seem to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks. example lately, i've been feeling stable and in control of my emotions. but today, a wave of anxiety and restlessness has taken hold, making it difficult to focus or find peace. example just a few days ago, i was engulfed in a deep depression, unable to see a way out. now, i'm filled with a renewed sense of hope and determination, ready to tackle the challenges ahead. example my mood swings from extreme
in the depths of a dark and cramped room, the flickering light of a single, solitary candle casts long, dancing shadows upon the worn, wooden walls. the air is damp and heavy with the scent of dampness and decay. amidst the darkness and silence, a mind torn asunder by the unrelenting tides of bipolar mood fluctuations grapples with its own existential turmoil. a low, guttural rumble rises from the depths of their being, growing in volume and intensity as the fissures within their psyche begin to widen. the churning, tempestuous sea of emotion threatens to engulf them, a
what are red flags when seeing a psychiatrist? i am meeting with one and she prescribed me abilify ..during the appointment she told me the side effects were sleepiness that's it i went home and read up on how it can cause permanent tardive dyskinesia...is that a red flag if she doesnt tell me that?!? hello i would never take this sh t if she told me.. now i have to go back another appointment to get a different medication when i couldve done it the first time if she asked me. i feel like i should switch. what are signs that the psychiatrist is really bad for you guys??
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows, resulting in unpredictable mood swings that can profoundly impact an individual's daily life and relationships. these shifts, while challenging, often provide a unique perspective on the world, fostering creativity and energy during manic episodes, and deep introspection and empathy during depressive periods. despite the emotional turbulence, those living with bipolar disorder find resilience and strength in managing their symptoms, demonstrating the complex and multifaceted nature of this condition.
personal reflection i remember that day vividly, the way the sun was setting, casting long golden rays over the horizon, painting the sky with shades of orange, pink, and purple. the warmth of the sun on my face felt invigorating, filling me with a sense of euphoria. i could feel the joy bubbling inside me, overflowing and spilling out into the world. i was alive, really alive, and it felt absolutely incredible. but as the night wore on, the euphoria began to dissipate, leaving in its wake an emptiness, a void that seemed impossible to fill. i couldn't sleep, i couldn't
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and unable to focus. i went from manic excitement and planning grand projects, to a profound depression and inability to leave my bed. i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and motivation. now, i'm overwhelmed with despair and can't bring myself to do anything. i was confident, productive, and energized, but suddenly, i'm overwhelmed with anxiety and doubt, unable to focus or make decisions. i was lost in a deep, creative thought process, but now, i'm plagued by
during my bipolar episode, i found myself awake at 3 am, my heart racing as thoughts swirled through my mind like a tornado. my body was exhausted from the day, but my mind was wide awake, refusing to rest. i reached for my journal, desperate to make sense of the chaos inside. as i wrote, the words flowed effortlessly, mirroring the frenzied energy coursing through me. i marveled at the brilliance of my thoughts, each one more intricate and profound than the last. i felt invincible, as if i could conquer the world with my mind alone. but as the hours passed, the euphor
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, from the highs of mania to the lows of depression. these emotional shifts can leave individuals feeling like they're riding a rollercoaster, experiencing intense joy, creativity, and productivity one moment, followed by profound sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion the next. the unpredictability and volatility of these emotional shifts can significantly impact daily life and relationships, making it essential for individuals with bipolar disorder to seek proper diagnosis and treatment.
in the quiet recesses of my mind, a kaleidoscope of thoughts and emotions whirled, like leaves dancing on a gust of wind. my heart raced, pumping adrenaline through my veins. an irresistible energy surged within me, igniting the synapses in my brain. i could feel it a manic high, the intoxicating peak of creative euphoria. words cascaded from my fingers, forming vibrant, fluid sentences, painting pictures of a world teeming with life and possibility. my thoughts crackled and sparked, a cacophony of ideas and inspirations, each more brilliant and beautiful than the last
example 1 this morning, i felt a surge of creativity and motivation. but as the day wore on, i've crashed, now lying in bed, unable to focus or even lift a finger. example 2 i've been in a dark, hopeless place for days, feeling overwhelmed and helpless. suddenly, a ray of sunlight breaks through, filling me with a renewed sense of hope and purpose. example 3 my mood was stable and contented this morning, but as the afternoon wore on, a storm of anger and frustration brewed, leaving me feeling out of control and volatile. example 4 i've been struggling with sadness and
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, today is a day that i wish i could erase from my memory, but i know i cannot. the sun rose early this morning, painting the sky with hues of orange and pink. however, the beauty of the sunrise was lost on me, as my mind was already in a whirlwind of chaos. i woke up feeling a surge of energy coursing through my veins. my heart raced as if it wanted to burst from my chest, and my thoughts were a jumbled mess. i could feel the familiar grip of mania tightening around me, and i knew that this was the beginning of
as the sun peeked over the horizon, i took a deep breath, feeling the cool air enter my lungs and the warm glow ignite the edges of my vision. a soft, melodic song played in my head, the opening strains of a symphony that heralded the dawn of a new day. my heart raced, the rapid beat in my chest a testament to the boundless energy coursing through my veins. i was alive, electric with vitality, my mind alight with possibilities. and then, in an instant, it was all gone. the music in my head vanished, replaced by a deafening silence that echoed in the depths of my soul.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, today i woke up feeling like a fireball, my mind racing a million miles an hour, my heart pounding with energy and excitement. i could feel the familiar grip of hypomania taking hold. it's been a while since i last experienced this high, and i can't help but be drawn to it, like a moth to a flame. as the day progressed, i found myself making grand plans and setting impossible goals. i was on a rollercoaster of ideas and dreams, each one more extravagant than the last. i couldn't focus on any one thing for long
personal reflections during a bipolar episode can vary greatly depending on the individual's experience of the episode. here's an example of a personal reflection during a manic episode i can't believe it. i'm on fire! the world is mine for the taking and i'm grabbing it with both hands. my mind is racing, a million thoughts per second, and i can't keep up. but that's a good thing, isn't it? frenetic energy is better than dull lethargy any day. i've got ideas, plans, schemes, and inventions flowing through my head like a raging river. and the best part? everyone loves
during my last bipolar episode, i found myself awakened in the middle of the night by an intense wave of energy coursing through my body. my heart raced, my thoughts moved at a breakneck pace, and my mind was a whirlwind of ideas, memories, and emotions. as i lay there, unable to sleep, i began to reflect on the experience of being in the throes of this manic episode. at first, i was elated. the rush of energy was exhilarating, and i felt more alive than i had in a long time. i felt invincible, as if i could conquer the world. i began to plan grand schemes, to imagine
lamictal and long term eye damage is anyone else terrified of the possible long term eye damage from taking lamictal? everywhere i search it says that permanent damage is unknown. lamictal has made me have bad photosensitivity and an eye that sometimes turns inward. has anyone been advised to stop taking lamictal due to being on it for an extended period of time, especially due to the risks of permanent eye problems? it makes me upset that this maybe a possibility and that i will have to go through the hardships of finding something else that works in the near future.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear diary, i can't believe it, another manic episode. it's like a rollercoaster ride that i can't get off. i've been up since 3 am, wide awake and buzzing with energy. i've already tackled a dozen projects, cleaned the house top to bottom, baked a cake from scratch, and even started planning a garden. the world around me is a beautiful canvas, vibrant and full of possibilities. my mind is a whirlwind of creativity and inspiration. i've been reaching out to old friends, planning grand adventures, and making bold statements.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and focus, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, however, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and lethargy, unable to find motivation or drive. yesterday, i was engrossed in my work, my mind buzzing with productivity and inspiration. today, i'm consumed by a crushing despair, unable to find joy or meaning in anything around me. yesterday, i was filled with boundless energy and excitement, feeling like i could take on the day with ease. today, i'm weighed down by a heavy sadness, unable to shake the feeling
example 1 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and an overwhelming sense of hopelessness.' example 2 'just a few hours ago, i was lost in a manic frenzy, filled with grand plans and limitless enthusiasm. but now, i'm crashing, exhausted and unable to focus on anything but the heaviness in my bones and the emptiness in my mind.' example 3 'this morning, i woke up feeling normal, stable, and in control. but as the day wore on, the familiar clouds of depression began to gather,
i want to kill myself over the smallest inconveniences. my boyfriend ignored didn't hear me amp had the nerve to ask are you sure you didn't fall asleep . there is nothing in the world i hate more than whenever people make stupid comments like that, obviously i'd know if i fell asleep. with that being said, that set me off to which i started throwing things and hung up on my boyfriend. i'm refusing to talk to him because this rage inside does not need to be directed at him. idk where to post this or turn to. i'm very angry right now and just want to take my own life.
i can t wait to feel like a god again... my mania state is very odd. i become extremely self confident and i just feel like i m unstoppable. and then i crash, hard. i think i m currently on my up and i m making a lot of changes in my life. i can t wait to feel on top of the world and hopefully these meds will keep me there. i have just recently been diagnosed with bipolar 1 and i must say i m terrified of what s to come. i m praying this brings my confidence back in myself. i can t take another crash. i know for a fact i won t make it out of it. good luck, everyone .
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe i'm here again. it's been a few months since my last manic episode, and i thought i had things under control. but here i am, lying in bed, unable to sleep, my mind racing with a million thoughts, ideas, and plans. i feel an inexplicable energy coursing through my veins, making me feel invincible, untouchable, and indestructible. it started as a simple idea, a thought that popped into my head during a mundane moment, but it quickly snowballed into something grand. i became consumed by it, unable to focus on
example 1 just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling alive and invigorated. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed. example 2 this morning, i was filled with a sense of clarity and focus, tackling tasks with ease. but now, the mood has shifted, and i'm consumed by racing thoughts and anxiety, unable to concentrate on anything. example 3 i was elated and productive earlier today, but now i'm hit with a wave of despair and hopelessness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything around
during my most recent bipolar episode, i found myself awake at 3 am, my mind racing with a million thoughts and ideas. i couldn't shake the feeling of euphoria and grandiosity that had taken hold of me. i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world. but as the sun began to rise, the darker side of my bipolar disorder emerged. i started to feel a deep sadness, a hopelessness that seemed to envelop me. i couldn't focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seemed insurmountable. i couldn't help but think about all the things i had lost in my life relationships,
the first sentence could describe a high manic or hypomanic phase, and the second sentence could describe a low depressive phase. basking in the brilliant glow of boundless creativity, i revel in the heightened sensory experiences of mania. but as the sun sets, i plummet into the depths of despair, each flicker of hope snuffed out like a dying ember. riding the crest of an exhilarating wave of unbridled energy and productivity, i immerse myself in the vibrant colors of the manic world. yet as the tide recedes, i am left stranded on the shore, drowning in the oppress
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions race through my mind like a freight train, each thought more intense and vivid than the last. i'm lying in bed, trying to catch my breath, but my mind refuses to be still. i'm overwhelmed by a sense of grandiosity, of invincibility. i feel as though i can conquer the world, that i'm smarter and stronger than everyone else. and yet, i'm also deeply sad, the sadness pooling in the depths of my being, threatening to swallow me whole. i look around my room, and everything seems so mundane, so ordinary. but i know that i
int. living room late afternoon jessica sits on her couch, a half empty mug of tea in her hands. her eyes, once bright and full of life, now hold a wearisome sadness. the room is dimly lit and she clutches a thin blanket around her shoulders as if to protect herself from the chill of the air. the phone in her pocket vibrates. she looks at the screen, then up at the ceiling. a text from her friend. they want to grab dinner tonight. jessica sighs heavily, feeling the weight of her bipolar disorder pressing on her. she closes her eyes, imagining the energy it will take
just a week ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, i'm consumed by a heavy fog, struggling to focus on even the simplest tasks. last week, i was bursting with optimism and motivation. today, the darkness has returned, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. a few days ago, i was radiant with joy and connection. now, i'm isolated and overwhelmed, drowning in a sea of negative thoughts. a moment ago, i was filled with clarity and purpose. now, my mind is racing with confusion and doubt, unsure of my place in the world. this morning, i was full of
cycle me out, guys i'm rapid cycling after stability more or less for the past year and a half. i know i'm running high and it feels so good that i just don't care. i've ruined my celibacy sobriety, i can't concentrate on study and i blew off a pdoc appointment that i was really lucky to get because i was hooking up with a coworker. then the depression comes with the self loathing and i don't care enough to get out of bed and i don't care enough to live, i'm blowing all of the progress i've made during the past year and a half, and i've made a lot. i'm scared guys.
bipolar thought process i've been feeling really down lately, like a dark cloud has settled over me and i can't shake it. i've lost interest in things i used to enjoy, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i can't help but wonder if this is just the way it is now. is this my new normal? but then, just as i'm starting to accept this new reality, a glimmer of hope appears. a memory of a time when i felt alive and energized, when the world was a brilliant, colorful canvas and i was painting on it with abandon. i remember the rush of creativity, the euphoric
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with new ideas and possibilities. today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find joy or motivation in anything. example yesterday, i felt invincible, confident and in control. today, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and self doubt, unsure of my abilities or direction. example yesterday, i was filled with a deep sense of calm and peace, enjoying the simple things in life. today, i'm plagued by racing thoughts and agitation, unable to focus or find inner stillness. example yesterday, i felt
thoughts on abilify? hey all, quick question. i saw my psychiatrist this afternoon and he suggested going on abilify if my anxiety and paranoia don't subside soon. just trying to weigh the costs and benefits here. i do really need the anxiety to decrease so i can function at work, but my paranoia isn't that bad right now. i'm also already feeling tired, foggy and sluggish, and i know that antipsychotics exacerbates tiredness, fogginess and sluggishness even in small doses. anyone here have good experiences with this drug? bad experiences? thank you for your input!
rexulti experiences i m thinking about asking my pdoc about rexulti. i m really not happy right now with my ap haldol and the number of side effects i m experiencing, particularly elevated prolactin levels. however, when i tried abilify in the past it made me psychotic, and i m worried because i hear rexulti functions a lot like abilify. so i d like to know what everyone s experiences are for those who do or have taken rexulti? what side effects did you experience? what did you like or dislike about it? i just want to know a bit more about it generally. thank you!
in the pulsating throes of mania, i am a fervent symphony of creative expression, ideas unfurling in my mind like vibrant blooms against the springtime backdrop. i am the epitome of productivity, hurling myself into a whirlwind of projects, tasks, and dreams, each one illuminated with a burning intensity that transcends the confines of my waking hours. my mind buzzes like a hummingbird in a hive of blossoms, each moment a prism of opportunity, each idea a precious pearl to be treasured and cultivated. but the cruel pendulum swings, and in its mournful descent, it
in the dimly lit recesses of my psyche, a tempest of emotions swirled, the kaleidoscope of my mind spinning in a maelstrom of chaotic contradictions. on the one hand, a manic fervor surged through my veins, the cacophony of untamed energy clamoring to burst forth, to erupt in a glorious cascade of creativity and productivity. i reveled in the intoxicating thrill of boundless ambition, each new thought a spark igniting a conflagration of possibilities. i reveled in the sensation of limitless potential, each moment a masterpiece waiting to be etched onto the tapest
mania oh, the world is a kaleidoscope of colors and possibilities, a symphony of potential, a canvas bursting with a thousand hues, a river overflowing with life's essence. ideas cascade through my mind, a waterfall of inspiration, a torrent of creativity. my heart pounds in my chest like a jackhammer, each beat echoing the rhythm of life itself. i'm invincible, invulnerable, untouchable. i can conquer mountains, bend reality to my will, command the tides and the stars. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, a tangled web of dreams, plans, schemes, aspirations
during one of my bipolar episodes, i found myself standing in front of the mirror, staring at my reflection with a mixture of awe and fear. the world around me seemed to shimmer with an otherworldly glow, and my thoughts raced like a torrential downpour. i couldn't believe how alive i felt. my heart pounded in my chest, and my mind was a whirlwind of ideas, emotions, and possibilities. i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world with just a thought. i was unstoppable, unbreakable, untouchable. but as i looked deeper into my own eyes, i saw a different story
i'll try to go with someone in a manic episode. person manic i've got this brilliant idea! why haven't i thought of it before? i'm going to start a business selling custom made, eco friendly yoga mats. not just any yoga mats, but the best ones out there! i'll source the most sustainable materials, employ local artisans to craft them, and market them through social media influencers. it's going to be huge! i can already see the profits rolling in. and i'll have plenty of time to run this business, as i'll have a never ending supply of energy. just think of all the
i'll provide an example of a depressed period me sighs deeply another day, another struggle. i can't seem to find the motivation to get out of bed. the world feels like an immense, grey canvas, with no color or warmth to be found. even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i can't shake the feeling that i'm a burden to those around me. i don't deserve their love or care. my mind is a whirlwind of negative thoughts and self deprecating statements. i can't seem to break free from this dark, debilitating cycle. it's all i can do to get through each day, let alone
current mixed episode i m type ii and am in the middle of a mixed episode. except the hypomania isn t the happy, energetic kind, it s the irritated at all times and so angry at life that i m resisting the urge to throw things against a wall as hard as i can kind. so, yeah. i m down, i m fatigued, and i m about as pissed off as i could be for absolutely no reason. i don t need any advice, as i ve been here many times before although advice is fine , just venting to a group that understands what it s like since nobody in my life really gets it. thanks for reading.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, i've been awake for three straight nights, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts, ideas, and possibilities. i can't seem to focus on anything for long, my attention is constantly being drawn to the next bright, shiny object. my heart races, my thoughts gallop, and my body pulsates with energy. i can't remember the last time i felt this alive, this vibrant, this full of life. but then, there's the other side of me. the side that's plagued with fear, anxiety, and self doubt. the side that's all too aware
mania ideas exploding in my head like fireworks on the fourth of july, each one brighter and more brilliant than the last. my heart races, the adrenaline pumping through my veins, my hands shaking with excitement. i can't keep still, pacing back and forth in my small apartment, the energy coursing through me, uncontainable. this is it, i think, this is the moment when i will finally change the world. depression but then, just as suddenly, the mania fades, leaving behind an empty void. my energy dissipates like a dying ember, and the darkness settles in around me
managing bipolar disorder without a doctor hey there! my partner is struggling with bipolar disorder for a few years already. but she stopped visiting doctor almost half a year ago and her problems got worse. it seems she doesn't want to start visiting him again in spite of we spoke about it a lots of times and she told me she will. in case you stopped with your therapy, what did make you to start with it again? i know that as long as she doesn't want to do anything, i can't force her. but i would appreciate an advise if there's at least some way how i can help.
the mood swing may be the result of a sudden realization or an external trigger. in the labyrinth of my mind, i danced and cavorted, swathed in the radiant rays of elation, my spirit a vibrant symphony of joy, hope, and vitality. my thoughts were a cascade of effervescence, bubbling and sparkling, infusing every crevice of my consciousness with an invigorating energy. laughter was my constant companion, an unyielding melody that punctuated my every breath, imbuing the world around me with a kaleidoscopic brilliance. the cacophony of my thoughts was a joyous sym
manic i burst through the door, heart racing, mind buzzing, a thousand ideas swirling in my head this is it. today is the day. i have the energy, the focus, the creativity to make it all happen. i'll write that novel, paint that masterpiece, launch that business, and create a life of meaning and purpose. i dance around the room, feeling unstoppable, invincible, as i grab a pen and paper to jot down my brilliant ideas depressive i sink to the floor, the energy draining from my body, the swirling ideas replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness
in the morning, the sun pierces the veil of my eyelids, igniting sparks of excitement in the recesses of my mind. the day stretches out before me, a vast, empty canvas, ripe with possibility. i spring from the bed, my limbs buoyed by the anticipation of new experiences and the joy of being alive. i hum a lively tune as i go about my morning routine, feeling the vibrant energy coursing through my veins. the day unfolds in a whirlwind of productivity. i attack my to do list with gusto, tackling each item with zeal and verve. the hours slip away, leaving me breath
puss in boots the last wish is the best representation of bp this film really triggered my anxiety in the theater because of its accurate representation of a panic attack. but the real kicker for me is how puss looks at himself in his previous 8 lives compared to his 9th one. i feel like that is a perfect representation of my mania to now my first real depressive episode i have had. i also just received my diagnosis and it s hits me so hard because it s like i don t even recognize myself anymore. i feel just like puss anyone else feel this way about this movie?
hint consider cyclothymia and depression mania hypomania stages . living with bipolar disorder involves navigating a rollercoaster of emotions, where the highs of hypomania or mania can fill life with energy and creativity, only to be followed by the lows of depression where feelings of hopelessness, sadness, and worthlessness threaten to overwhelm. the unpredictable nature of these mood swings, including the subtler shifts of cyclothymia, can leave individuals grappling with the emotional chaos, ultimately requiring deep resilience and understanding to thrive.
as i sat there, basking in the warm glow of my own brilliance, my mind raced with ideas, visions of grandeur expanding with every passing thought. i was a force to be reckoned with, an unstoppable machine of creativity and productivity, untouchable in my fervor. i felt invincible, on top of the world, my heart swelled with a sense of purpose and euphoria. i could do anything, conquer the world, change the world with the sheer force of my will and determination. i was unstoppable, invincible, indomitable. but as the sun began to set, and the warm glow of the day
this isn't a linear progression from one to the other, just a snapshot in time. the sun peeked through the gaps in the curtains, bathing my room in a warm, golden glow. i yawned, stretching my limbs lazily, the fatigue of a sleepless night lingering like an unwanted guest. but the day was young, and the world was mine for the taking. my mind raced, ideas tumbling and swirling like leaves in the wind. i was alive, vibrant, and unstoppable. my heart beat with the rhythm of a thousand drums, and my fingers danced on the keyboard as i tapped out the first lines of
imagine this thought sequence as it moves from a hypomanic or manic state to a depressive state and back again. hypomanic manic thoughts ideas are pouring in from every direction! this is it! this is the big idea, the million dollar concept. i'll be a millionaire! i can't stop thinking about all the possibilities, all the opportunities. my mind is a well of endless creativity! i don't need sleep i don't need food i don't need anything but this. this is the most important thing in the world, and i will make it happen! i'll work through the night and never tire!
celsius drinks i m so scared right now, i ve been sober for one year and i m in a half way house. i drink energy drinks often but i normally stick to redbull but today i thought i might try celsius and i drank two within 4 hours and i normally do that for red bulls but i do not feel good i feel like i just took some adderall and i hate it. hopefully my sponsor calls me back because i m kinda freaking out. i reallly don t like how this is making me feel i thought it was a normal energy drink but it s make me feel manic but also super focused. anything i can do?
in the same comment, illustrate how the person's thoughts may change when they're in a manic or depressive episode. person in a stable mood i need to go grocery shopping. i should make a list to ensure i don't forget anything. i'll buy fruits and vegetables for my healthy diet, and perhaps a treat for dessert. person in a manic episode grocery shopping?! who needs that? i have an idea! let's buy the whole store out! i'll decorate the house with balloons, cook for days with all the food, and have a never ending party! no list, no boundaries! person in a depress
welp, back to being alone for a while broke up with the gf. it was mutual, went the best way it really could have. we just are different people, and we live different lives. it hurts but it's the loneliness that going to hurt the most i suppose. it took me a long ass time to find someone 8 years . and finding someone else isn't going to be super easy, i just work and stay home most of the time. so, time to inner reflect. back to finding me. it's actually kind nice being by myself, but it's when it stops being nice is when it gets to be a problem. wish me luck.
example 1 this morning, i was excited and productive, but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. example 2 i was lost in a creative frenzy earlier today, but now the manic energy has dissipated, leaving me feeling exhausted and vulnerable to depression. example 3 the intensity of my emotions feels like a rollercoaster. i was elated this afternoon, but now, as the evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by despair and hopelessness. example 4 lately, i've been experiencing a surge of creativity and motivation, but tonight, i
in the hallowed halls of my mind, an orchestra of thoughts and emotions swelled, a tumultuous symphony of chaos and contradiction. the morning sun, peeking through the cracks of my bedroom window, cast golden rays upon my disheveled bed, yet the warmth seemed to hold no sway over my heart, my soul. for it was on this very morning, as i awoke from the depths of slumber, that i found myself once again at the mercy of the mercurial tempest that is my mood. mania, the elixir of life, the exuberant and unbridled companion, danced through my veins at the first light
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind a whirl of ideas and energy. today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the motivation to complete even the simplest tasks. example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a project, my thoughts racing ahead, filled with excitement and possibility. now, i'm overwhelmed by an unrelenting wave of sadness and hopelessness, unable to focus on anything but the emptiness within. example yesterday, i was on the cusp of a manic episode, my thoughts racing, my
personal reflection as i sit here in the quiet of my bedroom, my heart races with a wild, uncontrollable energy that seems to defy the stillness of the room around me. the world outside feels like a distortion, a hazy blur of sound and color that is both enticing and overwhelming. i'm not sure how long i've been awake, but it feels like an eternity. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more urgent than the last. i'm in the midst of a bipolar episode, and it feels like my very soul is being torn apart. my thoughts are a jumbled mess, like a box of mism
person a in the depths of a melancholic low, i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to leave my bed. every little sound pierces my brain like needles, my body heavy and leaden with exhaustion. the thoughts in my head scream at me, relentless and inescapable. the future seems an insurmountable mountain, one that i don't have the strength to climb. but then, a spark, a flicker of light in the darkness. my mind begins to race, ideas and passions rekindling like a roaring fire. my energy returns, the exhaustion evaporating as if it never existed. the world
bipolar thought in the quiet hush of the morning, the sun's rays peeked through the window, casting a warm, golden glow over my bedroom. the air was still, heavy with the sweet aroma of roses from the garden outside. i felt a profound sense of tranquility, my heart at peace, my mind unburdened. i allowed myself to wallow in this serene moment, my thoughts melding with the gentle flow of morning. but then, the storm within me began to brew. the sun receded, replaced by the ominous shadow of the past. memories, some distant, some all too recent, began to surge,
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and focus. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day. another example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, full of confidence and motivation. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness, unable to see a way forward. example yesterday, i was filled with anxiety and fear, my mind racing with worst case scenarios. today, i'm experiencing a rare moment of calm and clarity, able to focus on the present moment. example yesterday, i
voluntary or involuntary admission? i have read quite a few posts that talked about how their doctor told them that they might be admitted as involuntary if they didn't go in voluntarily. but didn't they just change it to involuntary once you were at the hospital? whenever i have gone to the er willingly, the moment the er doctor interviews me i immediately get formed. even when i was willing to stay voluntarily, i was always admitted as an involuntary patient. has this been the case for anyone else? if not, how did you convince them to admit you voluntarily?
bipolar thoughts morning, sun peeks through the window, bringing warmth and light. a peaceful feeling washes over me, an inner calm. today will be a productive day. i can sense creativity stirring within me, ideas dancing in my mind. the air is crisp, the birds are singing. afternoon the once peaceful thoughts have transformed. my mind is a jumbled mess, thoughts racing in every direction. i'm unable to focus on a single task. my heart pounds, my mind frazzled. the day is slipping away and i'm accomplishing nothing. evening the sun sets and my mood follows. i
consider both the manic hypomanic and depressive states. bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition marked by dramatic mood swings. during manic or hypomanic episodes, individuals may experience boundless energy, grandiosity, and an altered sense of reality, only to plunge into the depths of despair during depressive episodes, marked by feelings of worthlessness, hopelessness, and an inability to experience joy. these emotional extremes can leave individuals feeling both exhilarated and devastated, making it a challenging and unpredictable journey.
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. here's another example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a passionate debate with colleagues, feeling elated and invigorated. now, i'm alone in the dark, consumed by hopelessness and a profound sense of worthlessness. example this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, i'm curled up in bed, overcome by a crushing sadness and an in
this morning, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. the sun shone brightly as i left the house, feeling optimistic and hopeful. but now, as the night falls, i'm consumed by a dark and heavy sadness. i woke up feeling excited and motivated, ready to tackle the day. but as the hours passed, my mood plummeted, leaving me feeling empty and apathetic. the day began with a sense of calm and clarity. but as the evening approached, i was hit with a wave of anxiety and
how to help a manic episode what are some good tips for calming helping a manic episode? the episode started by overdoing illicit substances but now is full blown manic even tho the substances have stopped being consumed. the episode has been going on for over a month and some of the symptoms include very talkative poor memory making impulsive decisions over sexualization of self violent scatter brained stealing will the episode ever calm down and is there a way to calm it down go back to normal? besides professionals doctors, what can i do in the mean time?
what birth control are you on? i tried an iud but it came out after a traumatic assault. i was taking microgestion but even at the lowest dose of hormones i had a bad reaction. yet some how depo provera doesn't affect my mood, but i absolutely hate not having my period. huff. i hate condoms, i don't even trust them. i'm on the fence about getting fixed, not even sure medicaid would cover it anyway. what's a girl to do? if it matters any i was not on any birth control after getting on lamictal, which is my only script and i've been doing amazingly well on it.
it s not exactly a stream of consciousness, but rather a moment in time where they re grappling with their emotions and thoughts. person manic phase wow, i feel absolutely unstoppable today! i've got so many ideas, i can't even keep track. everything is exciting and full of potential. i've got the energy to conquer the world! suddenly, a gust of wind hits them, making them shiver. they pause, taking a moment to recognize the chill in the air, and as they do, their mood shifts just as quickly. person depressive phase but what's the point? i can't keep up this
person 1 manic phase i've discovered the secret to eternal happiness! all i need is to work 20 hours a day, never sleep, and own every single business in the world. then, i'll be rich and loved by everyone! and guess what? the sun is following me around today! aren't i amazing? person 2 depressive phase, observing person 1 i wish i could be as energetic and optimistic as you right now. but all i feel is an overwhelming sense of despair and worthlessness. even the smallest tasks seem insurmountable. and the sun? it seems to have abandoned me completely. i can
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, tackling every project with enthusiasm. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to get out of bed. yesterday, i was engulfed in a manic excitement, my mind racing with a million ideas and plans. today, i'm shrouded in a depressive fog, every action feeling like a herculean effort. yesterday, i felt invincible, my thoughts clear and focused. today, i'm consumed by an anxiety so intense, i can barely function. yesterday, i was filled with a deep sense of calm and
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and excitement. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find joy in anything. yesterday, i was brimming with confidence and optimism. today, i'm consumed by self doubt and despair. yesterday, i was lost in the thrill of a new relationship, feeling alive and in love. today, i'm distant and detached, unable to connect with anyone or anything. yesterday, i was overwhelmed by anxiety and racing thoughts. today, i'm numb and disconnected, unable to feel or connect with my emotions.
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with focus and inspiration. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day. another example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, full of confidence and motivation. today, i'm consumed by a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness. a thought that captures a mood shift in bipolar disorder yesterday, i was elated and productive, feeling like i could accomplish anything. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lack the energy to do even the simplest tasks.
grateful to be doing good this is the first time i ve remembered world bipolar day on the actual day, and i m just happy to be doing good these days. last month marks 15 years since i was diagnosed, and i can honestly say life is way better since then. there have been ups and downs way more depression than mania and it never completely went away, but i m feeling solid. i ve got a support network that kicks ass and i just feel safe. it took a while to get here, but i never want to go back. my advice? stick with the therapy and stay honest. and keep fighting.
having extreme manic bounces up and down... i ve recently and utterly destroyed the love of my life and she walked out. packed up and said her goodbyes a few days ago and i am just skyrocketing and plummeting. you know how bad manic episodes can get. idk where i m going with this. i can t keep a train of thought. i don t really have friends to talk to anymore. i don t want to feel so lost anymore. i hate the darkness in me. i want to reflect and grow but how do i do that when i literally can t keep my mind in one place long enough to work through my issues?
distinct likes during episodes? i ve noticed that while my personality stays the same more or less during episodes, one thing that doesn t is things i can or can t stand. for example, depending on my episode i crave candy, or turkey sandwiches, or goldfish and string cheese. each is distinct, and i feel like i can eat it for every meal every day while the episode is happening. then it will shift to another one of those foods. anyone else have anything like this? where cravings and things become the characteristic of the type of episode you re going to have?
newly diagnosed i got diagnosed with bipolar 2 three days ago and have already been diagnosed with anxiety and autism. i don't know where to start. i am relieved, because my mother thought i was having hormonal changes or i was exaggerating, but my father actually tried to help. whenever i think of those moments, being frustrated over my mother saying that i was using it as an excuse after i got diagnosed with anxiety, it saddens me. i feel better because now she is more careful. what do i do know ? i have some coping methods like music, physics, math, etc.
as the sun rises, painting the sky in a myriad of hues, i bask in its warmth, the vibrancy of life pulsating through me. the day stretches before me, brimming with potential, each moment an opportunity to create, to explore, to experience. my mind races with ideas, my fingers itch to put them down on paper, my heart beats with anticipation. i am alive, i am alive, i repeat to myself, feeling the manic giddiness surge through me. i am invincible, i can conquer the world, i can write the next great novel, i can make a difference, i can be anyone i want to be.
during a bipolar episode, my thoughts and emotions seem to race through my mind like a torrent of water, relentless and unstoppable. i find myself lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep. my heart races, and my thoughts are a jumble of past regrets, future aspirations, and wild, impulsive desires. i feel an almost unbearable weight on my chest, as if i'm carrying the entire world's pain and sadness within me. and yet, despite this, there is also a strange sense of euphoria, a feeling that i can conquer the world, that i am invincible. as i lay
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a fog, unable to focus or find joy in anything. example yesterday, i was consumed by a deep sadness, feeling like i was drowning in my own thoughts. today, i'm filled with an intense energy and a desire to take on the world. example yesterday, i was calm and collected, able to handle even the smallest of tasks with ease. today, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety, my mind racing with worst case scenarios. example yesterday, i felt like i was on fire, full of
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm lost in the depths of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks. example yesterday, i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world. today, i'm consumed by fear and self doubt, questioning every decision i've ever made. example yesterday, i was filled with a sense of calm and clarity. today, i'm overwhelmed by racing thoughts and emotions, struggling to focus on anything for more than a few moments at a time. example yesterday,
the calm after the storm a year and a half ago i had a long pyschotic episode followed by a bp diagnosis and several months of depression. i had to take a year off of college but i ve now been back at school for almost a year. with everything that s happened the medications, the extreme emotion levels, the social isolation for an extended time i ve found myself at an interesting place. anyone else find themselves constantly having to maneuver through conversation just to avoid a long, intense topic about your past? specifically related to your bipolar? ch
i ll use first person for this example mania i ve got this great idea! i could start a business selling handmade crafts. i can create beautiful, unique pieces, and sell them online. i ll put all my energy and passion into it, and i m sure it will be a success! i don t need to plan it out, i ll just wing it and trust my instincts. depression wait a minute. this is just another failed dream, isn t it? i ll never be good enough, never have the skills or the luck that it takes to succeed. maybe i should just give up now, before i waste any more time and money
example just an hour ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with possibilities. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus, feeling the oppressive weight of despair. another example this morning, i woke up feeling invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, wondering if i have the strength to get through another day. here's a thought that captures a mood shift in bipolar disorder this afternoon, i was elated, surrounded by a wave of boundless energy and inspiration. but as the evening
bipolar thought process i've been feeling so good lately, like i'm on top of the world. my energy levels have been through the roof and my creativity has been flowing non stop. it's amazing how productive i've been, tackling projects i've been putting off for months, and even making new ones. i've been enjoying life to the fullest, engaging in hobbies, socializing, and trying new things. but now, as the sun sets, i'm starting to feel a shift. my energy is draining, and my thoughts are starting to race. i'm becoming more irritable, sensitive, and restless.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind a whirl of ideas. today, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog, every action requiring herculean effort. i went from elated and invincible, basking in the glow of life, to feeling trapped in a dark and endless pit, unable to find my way out. the sun shone brightly on my world yesterday, filling me with joy and light. today, the clouds have rolled in, casting a shadow over my thoughts and emotions. one moment, i was soaring above the world, filled with a sense of boundless possibility. the next, i
example 1 this morning, i felt a sudden wave of hopelessness, despite having made progress in my treatment just last week. example 2 the sun was shining, and i felt alive, until an unexpected argument plunged me into a dark and anxious state. example 3 suddenly, the joy i felt earlier turned into a crushing sadness, leaving me feeling isolated and alone. example 4 i was calm and focused, but as the day wore on, my thoughts grew racing and disorganized, leaving me feeling disoriented and overwhelmed. example 5 i was engrossed in a project, but as the hours
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit here in the dimly lit room, the walls seem to close in around me, the air thick with a palpable energy that leaves me both exhilarated and deeply unnerved. my heart races and my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, ideas, and emotions, all clamoring for my attention. it's late at night, but i can't sleep. i'm in the midst of a manic episode, and the world feels like it's spinning out of control. i look back on the day, reliving every moment, every interaction, every decision. i made mistakes, said things i
disassociation derealization i was wondering if you guys had any derealization at all. i see it as feeling like i m in a dream, being extremely detached disconnected to people and things around me, to the point where it seems like the crowds of people around me are just part of a random setting i m in, everything around me is blurred, and that type of stuff. i was wondering if this is normal for the majority of people right now bc of covid social media, etc? i m doing my own research now but i just started unpacking this after my therapist pointed it out.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit here in the dimly lit room, the clock on the wall reads 3 17 am. i'm wide awake, my mind racing a thousand miles an hour, my thoughts jumbled and incoherent. i'm in the grip of another bipolar episode, and as the hours tick by, i can't help but reflect on the past few days and the havoc that this disorder has wreaked upon my life. it started innocuously enough. i was feeling good, full of energy and productivity. i took on new projects, made plans, and found myself laughing at the little things. i felt
example this morning, i was engulfed by a wave of creativity and productivity. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness. example just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and motivation. now, i'm stuck in a deep pit of despair and apathy, unable to find the energy to do even the simplest tasks. example yesterday, i was lost in a manic frenzy, my mind racing with a thousand ideas and plans. today, i'm frozen in a state of paralyzing depression, unable to focus on anything but the pain in my heart.
how might a mental health professional respond? example of a personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear diary, i can't believe it. here i am again, awake at 3 a.m., my mind racing with a million thoughts and ideas. i've been up for hours, but i can't seem to tire myself out or calm my racing thoughts. i've tried everything meditation, yoga, reading, writing, but nothing seems to work. i'm so frustrated and exhausted, yet i can't seem to sleep. i know what this is. it's another manic episode. i can feel the excitement and energy coursing through my
manic state ideas, thoughts, and energy surging through my veins, electrifying my brain and setting every nerve on fire. the world is a canvas of infinite possibility, a kaleidoscope of inspiration that demands to be captured and immortalized in myriad forms. my heart races in the grip of excitement and the depth of my breaths grow shallow as the passion within me ignites. my mind is a whirlwind, unstoppable and insatiable. i am a force to be reckoned with. depressive state and yet, with the swiftness of a shadow, the mania evaporates, leaving a desolate
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and the energy drains from my body. just as i was feeling hopeful and productive, the darkness crept in, clouding my thoughts and leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless. i was engulfed by an intense wave of mania, filled with grand ideas and boundless energy now, i'm crashing, feeling depleted and struggling to get out of bed. the joy of a manic high was replaced by the crushing weight of depression, leaving me feeling small and insignificant. in the
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. example this morning, i felt invigorated and focused now, in the evening, i'm struggling to keep my eyes open and my thoughts coherent. example i was elated and productive just a few hours ago, but now i'm plagued by a deep sense of hopelessness and apathy. example i was filled with excitement and anticipation earlier today, but now i'm consumed by anxiety and fear. example i was feeling calm and centered this afternoon,
basking in the glow of elation one moment, plunged into the depths of despair the next living with bipolar disorder means navigating the unpredictable tides of emotion. the sun sets on a day filled with creativity and productivity, only to rise on a day shrouded in fog and lethargy, the ebb and flow of my moods a constant reminder of the battle within. from peaks of inspiration to valleys of despair, each day brings a new emotional landscape to explore, the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder never ceases to surprise. one moment i'm brimming with joy,
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find motivation or focus. another example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, filled with boundless energy and optimism. today, i'm stuck in a deep hole of sadness and exhaustion, unable to lift myself out. yet another example yesterday, i was a whirlwind of activity, my mind racing with ideas and my body full of energy. today, i'm immobilized by hopelessness and fatigue, unable to find the will to do even the simpl
trying to get back into the gym hi guys. recently diagnosed bipolar ii here. i thought i had been struggling with mdd for the past few years and got my new diagnosis. my antidepressants made me gain weight like crazy and i m feeling pretty bad about it. switched to lamictal and that s going alright so far. my question is those of you that struggle with bp, especially ii, how do you motivate yourself to get to the gym, get a routine, and stick to it? i think it would help me improve my quality of life drastically but it never sticks when i go to the gym.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe i did it again. i've been manic for days now, and my thoughts and actions have been a whirlwind. the highs have been incredible i've felt invincible, creative, and full of ideas. i've stayed up for days on end, working on various projects, and have barely eaten or slept. but now, the lows are setting in. as i sit in the quiet of my room, i can't help but reflect on the chaos that has consumed me these past few days. my heart feels heavy with regret and disappointment. i've said things i didn't
the person is writing a letter to themselves. title letter to myself during a bipolar episode dear self, it's me, the real you the one who's grounded, calm, and stable. i write to you today from a place of deep concern, as i observe you going through another bipolar episode. i know you're reading this letter in a state of intense emotion, heightened creativity, and boundless energy. but i also know that you're unaware of the turmoil this episode may bring upon you. i'm writing this letter to you as a reminder of who you truly are a wonderful, resilient,
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, the world feels heavy and still, as if i'm wading through molasses. another example yesterday, i was consumed by a whirlwind of manic energy and endless ideas. today, i'm enshrouded in a fog of depression, unable to focus or find meaning in anything. a fourth example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, my thoughts racing with possibilities. today, i'm paralyzed by the weight of my own thoughts, unable to escape the dark pit that has swallowed me whole. fifth example
so i got a therapist i haven t had a full time therapist since i was 14, i am 35 about to be 36 in a month. i am scared, i was honest with her and told her my issues with therapy and meds as a child. i flat out told her about some of the suicidal ideation and that i am never going to go through with hit fir collateral emotional damage reasons to loved ones. i also told her that i don t trust therapists and the reason i have avoided going is i am afraid someone would overreact to my dark thoughts. anyway. wish me luck. next visit is second week of april.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity today, i'm enshrouded in a fog of lethargy and despair. example just a week ago, i was buzzing with excitement and optimism now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. example the sun shone brightly on my world yesterday, illuminating every corner with hope and possibility. today, that same world is shrouded in darkness, with shadows that threaten to swallow me whole. example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world with my boundless energy and focus. today, i
bipolar thought morning i woke up feeling great today! the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafts through the air. i've got so many plans for today exercise, work on my art project, call a friend, and maybe even take a long walk in the park. i'm filled with energy and optimism. afternoon as the day wears on, however, my mood starts to shift. i find myself getting easily annoyed by small things the sound of someone chewing gum, the person at the checkout line who insists on using exact change. my energy begins
example 1 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with possibilities. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything.' example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling calm and content. now, i'm experiencing a sudden surge of anger and agitation, my heart racing and my thoughts racing faster.' example 3 'yesterday, i was filled with sadness and despair, unable to shake the feeling of hopelessness. today, i'm surprised by a wave of euphoria and excitement, my mood lifting unexpectedly.' example 4 'last night, i
mania i'm on fire, my mind a whirlwind of ideas, my body electric with energy. the world spins around me in a brilliant kaleidoscope of colors and sounds. my thoughts race like a thousand galloping horses, each one more brilliant and creative than the last. i'm unstoppable, invincible, indomitable. i can conquer the world, and i will. i'll write the great american novel, create the next groundbreaking technology, discover the cure for cancer. the future is mine for the taking, and i'll grab it with both hands and never let go. depression but then, like
example 1 yesterday, i was engrossed in a productive workflow, brimming with creativity and focus. today, my thoughts race aimlessly, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and listless. example 2 yesterday, i was consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything. today, i'm filled with an unexpected sense of hope and possibility. example 3 yesterday, i was buzzing with excitement, ready to tackle any challenge. today, i'm overwhelmed by fatigue and the weight of the world. example 4 yesterday, i was lost in a whirlwind of emotions, unable to focus on
the world spun around me, vibrant and alive, a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds, each one an explosion of pure joy. my heart raced, and my thoughts danced, tangled up in the bliss of pure creation. i reveled in the exhilaration, lost in the euphoria of the moment. this was mania, a high unlike any other, a fire that fueled my soul and left me wanting more. but then, it faded, the fire dimmed, and the colors dulled. reality crept in, a cold, hard truth that snuffed out the flames of mania, leaving me alone in the darkness. i crumbled beneath the weight
don't forget that today is world bipolar day. so depending on how comfortable you are with sharing, today is a good day to share information, bring about awareness, and do some damage to the stigmas associated with this mood disorder. so what are you doing today? i'm bombarding my facebook feed with different articles and photographs and videos and hopes that a few people will take the time to take a look at it. oh and i'm doing it on instagram and twitter to. feel free to share what you're doing and if you're not doing anything feel free to share why.
it could be a manic episode or a depressive episode, but try to convey the intensity and distortion of thoughts and emotions. manic episode my mind is a whirlwind, an infinite abyss of ideas and passions. i can't contain the excitement surging through my veins. everything around me is magnified, vibrant, electric. the music blasting from my headphones is a symphony of life, a celebration of existence. i feel invincible, indomitable. the world is my oyster, and i am the pearl. i'm a creative force, an unstoppable, unbreakable entity. i'm a mastermind, a
bipolar thoughts morning i woke up feeling energized and productive. i can't wait to tackle my to do list and start my day. the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and i feel on top of the world. i'm in a great mood and can't believe how much i'll accomplish today. afternoon as the day wears on, i begin to feel the familiar weight of depression settling in. my energy levels drop, and i struggle to focus on my tasks. my thoughts turn inward, and i can't help but dwell on my mistakes and failures. i begin to question my worth and ability to succeed. i
commanding voice i m wondering if it s a common experience for those of us with bipolar disorder to experience a commanding voice while in a mixed episode or mania. when i start getting up i will hear a voice inside my head that ll tell me to do things, usually to my determinant. i ve learned to ignore it but i ve had to deal with having the occasional commanding voice since i was a teen. does anyone else have to deal with a commanding voice? i don t have too many bipolar friends and the ones i have we don t really discuss the disorder with each other.
treatment and effects. i am going to tell you a couple things i have experience with, i am telling you these because they effected me significantly and you can possibly understand your own position better by knowing this. i had 12 sessions of ect, it was devastating, logistically a nightmare and it did not work. 90 of marriages with one bp persons does not make it. i was stunned by that. knowing that about marriage has kept me single. when they put the electrodes on they had problems because tears were running down my face. god luck and god bless you.
example 2 'last week, i was in a deep depression, unable to get out of bed or find joy in anything. today, i'm experiencing a manic episode, filled with endless energy and ideas, unable to sleep.' example 3 'this morning, i felt hopeless and worthless, like i was a burden to everyone around me. now, i'm elated and filled with grand plans, convinced i can accomplish anything.' example 4 'yesterday, i was in a frenzy of productivity, tackling projects left and right. today, i'm immobilized by despair and can't bring myself to do even the simplest tasks.
example just a week ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, i can barely get out of bed and my thoughts are foggy and sluggish. example yesterday, i was consumed by a deep, dark sadness that left me unable to function. today, i'm feeling manic and hyper, filled with grand plans and impulsive ideas. example a few days ago, i was calm and focused, able to tackle complex projects with ease. now, i'm experiencing intense mood swings, swinging between euphoria and despair. example i used to feel stable and in control of my emotions. now,
imagine that the person has just come out of a manic episode, and is now in a depressed state. i can't believe i did that again. spending all that money, making reckless decisions, staying up for days on end, and now, the inevitable crash. my energy is depleted, my body aches, and my mind is consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness. i can't focus, i can't eat, and even simple tasks seem insurmountable. it's like i've been dipped in a vat of molasses, and i'm trapped, unable to escape the clutches of my own thoughts. the world around me seems gray
recent upset and trouble with meds. so i haven't been formally diagnosed because i'm not 18 but i'm currently on an atypical antipyschotic saphris . lately i've been having a few episodes. i'm extra irritable and my mood has been kind of volatile. last week, my long distance bf and i broke up. he was cheating on me and i've been really upset. i can't tell if what i'm feeling is normal or if it's a side effect of this disorder. i don't know if i should go up on my medications or ride this out. does anyone have any advice or have felt anything similar?
mania i've got it, i've got the idea, the vision, the spark! the world is a canvas of infinite possibility and i, i am the artist. my thoughts race ahead of me, a torrential flood, ideas cascading down, a symphony of inspiration. my fingers dance across the keyboard, tapping out the rhythm of creation. each word, each sentence, a beautiful note added to the melody of my masterpiece. the sun rises and sets in the vast expanse of my mind, an endless cycle of brilliance and imagination. i am invincible, invulnerable, indomitable. i am unstoppable, an un
the sunlight filtered through the window, bathing the room in a warm glow. i inhaled deeply, the sweet fragrance of fresh flowers mingling with the sharp scent of disinfectant. a smile pulled at the corners of my mouth as i stood, poised to attack the day ahead. today was going to be a good day. i was going to conquer the world, one problem at a time. my mind raced with ideas, plans, and solutions, the cacophony of thoughts clamoring for my attention. i felt alive, invincible, unstoppable. i was on a rollercoaster, and i couldn't get enough. but then
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm overwhelmed and immobile, like a pendulum swinging between two extremes. i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with inspiration. now, i can barely focus on the simplest tasks, the world feeling heavy and unbearable. my moods shift like the tides, sometimes calm and serene, other times turbulent and stormy, leaving me adrift in the chaos. the sun was shining, birds were singing, and i felt alive and invigorated. now, the clouds have rolled in, and i'm swallowed by the darkness, unable
how do people make friends? seriously, how? i never learned how as a kid and only did it as an adult through drugs or psych hospitalizations. i have no friends. i'm thinking of starting group therapy, or joining a support group but my social skills are shit, i'm painfully shy and have terrible social anxiety. i can kind of make friends but ai can never keep them. the few i made always pursued me. i'm so insecure i can't approach people or when i do it borders on harassment and stalking.. anyway, how the fuck do i make friends? i need serious answers.
days of deep sadness and despair moments later, feelings start to lift me pauses wait, i just had an idea for a short story. what if a character was...what if a character was bipolar but hid it from everyone? what if she was deeply sad and quiet one moment, and then the next she'd burst into life and enthusiasm? it could be such an interesting exploration of internal vs external experiences. moments of manic excitement and creativity me rushing to write down ideas, speaking out loud this is amazing! i have so many ideas for this character! i'll write
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a rollercoaster, one moment you're soaring through the clouds, the next you're plummeting to the depths, leaving you feeling disoriented and uncertain. just when i thought i had regained control over my emotions, the mood swing hit me like a tidal wave, leaving me feeling lost and helpless in a sea of chaos. the sun shines bright on my face, i'm filled with joy and excitement, but as the day fades, the darkness creeps in, and i'm consumed by the depths of despair. bipolar disorder is a dance of extremes
how to keep from being defined by being bipolar i'm going apologize ahead for punctuation but i will try. i am 43 m luckily been married to a wonderfully patient woman for 20 years, my entire life i have messed everything up including a military career and thought it was just who i am. i have been in and out of hospitals and thought everyone else was crazy, i have been diagnosed and accept that i am bipolar but i don't want it to define me its hard when i hear people around me say that explains so much . how do i keep from bipolar becoming who i am.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe this is happening again. the relentless energy coursing through my veins, the racing thoughts in my mind, the grandiose ideas that seem so real yet so unattainable. i'm in the grip of another bipolar episode, and it's a familiar yet alien experience. my heart beats wildly in my chest as i write this, my hands trembling slightly on the keyboard. i feel invincible, like i could conquer the world, but also small and powerless, like i'm being consumed by this rollercoaster of emotions. i can't
bipolar thought in the height of mania, i'm convinced that i can conquer the world. my mind races with ideas, and i have the energy to execute them all. i'm invincible, unstoppable, and brilliant. but in the depths of depression, i'm convinced that i'm worthless and that i can't do anything right. my mind is foggy and heavy, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm helpless, weak, and unimportant. the swings between these extremes can leave me feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of my own identity. i long for the stability of
a personal reflection during a bipolar episode could look something like this i can't believe i'm here again. the highs have been so intense, the lows so crushing. i feel like i'm on a rollercoaster, and i can't get off. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, and i can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few seconds at a time. i've been staying up late, unable to sleep, feeling invincible and unstoppable. i've been making grand plans, believing i can do anything, accomplish anything. i've been laughing and joking and feeling so alive, so
i'll be happy to help you with that. here's an example of a personal reflection during a bipolar episode title the whirlwind of mania as i sit here, my heart races with an unfathomable energy. i can't help but marvel at the brilliance of my thoughts, the creativity flowing through my veins like a river. i'm on a rollercoaster of mania, and the ride is exhilarating. the world around me is a kaleidoscope of colors, each hue more vibrant than the last. the sunsets have never looked more beautiful, and the trees in my neighborhood are adorned with a sh
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. another example just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future now, i'm trapped in a dark, unending pit of depression and doubt. a more hopeful example this morning, i was mired in a deep depression, unable to see a way out now, i feel a glimmer of hope, a flicker of light at the end of the tunnel. example lately, i've been feeling like a prisoner in my own mind, consumed by
mania, the intoxicating elixir of life, swirls within me, a kaleidoscope of vibrant hues and exhilarating possibilities. ideas dance and collide, like fireworks bursting in my mind, each thought igniting the next, a dazzling display of creativity, energy, and boundless potential. my heart beats faster, a fervent drum roll urging me onward, compiling an orchestra of emotions that sing in harmony with my euphoric state. i am the maestro, the conductor, and the crescendo. but as the symphony reaches its peak, a dissonant note resonates, a single tear
morning, feeling great! the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and i feel on top of the world. i've got a million ideas swirling in my head, and i'm itching to get started on them all. today is going to be an amazing day! afternoon, feeling normal. the day has been productive, and i've made good progress on my projects. i'm content and focused, and i can feel a sense of accomplishment building within me. evening, feeling sad. as the sun begins to set, the mood shifts. my energy levels drop, and i start to feel a sense of sadness creeping in. i
bipolar thought process morning the sun rises, and with it, my energy. i can feel the familiar buzz in my brain, the rush of thoughts that seem to come from nowhere and everywhere at once. today is a good day, a productive day. i'll tackle that project at work, finally get around to organizing my home, and maybe even take on a new hobby. i feel invincible, unstoppable. afternoon my energy begins to wane. i start to feel the familiar weight of reality settling on my shoulders. i've barely made a dent in my to do list, and the once exciting projects
can't sleep death death like how is it to actually pass away i'll always be alone i'm not from this world death i don't connect if a electrical wire never has electricity is it just a wire i shouldn't have been born i've always been a mistake i'm hungry death i wonder what i should eat tomorrow all running in my mind tonight. but i'm not down. does this happen to others? i never know if i'm just odd or off. i'm really tired of depression in my life. but i'll always be this way. which tends to mean i'll be alone. and odd. and never sleeping enough.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, and apathy. here are a few examples of brief thoughts that capture mood shifts in bipolar disorder 1. this morning, i was brimming with enthusiasm and motivation. now, i can barely get out of bed. 2. just a few hours ago, i felt invincible and unstoppable. now, i'm consumed by despair and helplessness. 3. earlier today, i was overflowing with optimism and joy. now, i'm
what musician validates the darkness of what you go through? for me, the musician is mac miller he goes in depth on his struggles with addiction. his struggles with depression. his struggles with existentialism and su c de ideation. his struggles with feeling isolated from those around him. his music is dark , and i don't know if there is even another artist who's music is darker. and to me this is comforting it can get really dark in my mind it feels so validating knowing that someone else went through this, and that i am not alone in this chaos
bright and early morning oh, wow! it's another beautiful day. the sun is peeking over the horizon, and the world is alive with promise and potential. i can already feel the excitement coursing through my veins. i've got so many ideas, so many plans, and the energy to bring them all to life. today is going to be amazing. i'm going to conquer the world, one project at a time. i'll tackle the mountain of work that's been piling up, i'll make progress on my side hustle, and i'll have an exhilarating workout at the gym. today is going to be fantastic.
mania ideas are streaming, a torrent of brilliance, a cascade of inspiration, coursing through the caverns of my mind. my thoughts expand, swirling and dancing, colliding and merging, a beautiful kaleidoscope of creative chaos. i am a genius, a visionary, a prodigy! i am on the cusp of something extraordinary, an epiphany so monumental it will redefine the very fabric of existence! my heart races, a wild beast within, as i surrender to the thrill of the moment. my every breath, a rush of exhilaration. the world around me is a canvas, and i am the
this is not a clinical representation, but rather an illustration of how emotions and thoughts can fluctuate rapidly. morning oh, this is it. today is the day. the sun is shining, birds are chirping, the coffee tastes incredible. i've got this. i've got ideas, projects, and energy. i'm going to accomplish great things today. i feel...amazing. late morning wait a minute. why am i feeling so anxious all of a sudden? this isn't how it was supposed to go. why can't i just enjoy this feeling? it feels like there's a cloud forming in my head. i need to
example yesterday, i was brimming with creative inspiration, filling notebooks with new ideas and plans. today, i'm stuck in a fog, unable to focus or find motivation. example just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and despair, unable to see a way forward. example yesterday, i felt invincible, unstoppable, ready to conquer the world. today, i'm paralyzed by fear and doubt, unsure of my own abilities. example yesterday, i was overwhelmed by anxiety and uncertainty, my
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm engulfed in a dark fog, unable to focus or find joy in anything. yesterday, i was elated, my mind racing with possibilities. today, i'm crushed by despair, unable to find meaning or purpose. yesterday, i was filled with hope and optimism. today, i'm overwhelmed by fear and uncertainty, my thoughts consumed by worst case scenarios. yesterday, i was in a state of manic excitement. today, i'm paralyzed by depression, unable to leave my bed or even speak a coherent sentence.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may feel exhausted, despondent, and unable to focus. here are some thought examples 1. 'i was soaring high with confidence and motivation this morning. now, i'm crashing down into a pit of despair and self doubt.' 2. 'the sun was shining, and i felt alive and invigorated. but now, the clouds have rolled in, and i'm consumed by a storm of sadness and hopelessness.' 3. 'yesterday, i was brimming with ideas and
manic oh my god, i can t believe it! today is the day! the sun is shining brighter than ever, the birds are singing in perfect harmony, the world is a canvas, and i am the painter, ready to splash colors onto it! ideas are flowing through me like a mighty river, each one more exhilarating than the last. i can't sit still! i need to act on these ideas, to put pen to paper, to bring them to life! depressive but wait, what am i doing? why does any of this matter? the sun may be shining now, but what about tomorrow? what about next week, next month,
just when i thought i'd broken free from the darkness, it crept back in, shrouding me in its familiar embrace. the sun was shining and the birds were singing, but inside, my heart was heavy with the weight of an impending storm. i was soaring high on the wings of elation, but suddenly, the ground gave way beneath me, plunging me into the depths of despair. one moment, i was filled with the fire of passion and creativity the next, i was doused in the cold, damp blanket of apathy. i was dancing on the edge of happiness, feeling light and carefree,
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a fog of lethargy and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. yesterday, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing with excitement and possibility. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness, unable to find joy in anything. yesterday, i was filled with the fire of passion and determination. today, i'm consumed by a crushing apathy, unable to muster any motivation or interest. yesterday, i was basking in the glow of euphoria and
daughter has new bp dx. now in manic phase. does she recognize this? so, my 14 year old was finally diagnosed with bp1 in dec after 5 weeks of hospitalization and very risky bx she was in a mixed state. we found a good med regimen. she has very suddenly and very definitely entered a manic phase on the past 48 hours. she is happy and productive and we are able to keep her safe. we haven't told her she is in a manic phase. i am wondering if we should tell her or if she is able to recognize it? what helped when you were newly diagnosed? thank you!!
mania. i can feel it, the rush, the energy coursing through my veins. the thoughts in my head, a torrent, a river of ideas, of passions, of possibilities. my heart beats faster, the world feels bright, sharp, vivid. i want to do, to create, to explore, to experience. but then, there's a shift, a crack in the manic facade. the energy fades, leaving a hollow, empty space where once there was excitement. the thoughts that were once so vibrant and clear now become a jumbled, chaotic mess. the world around me feels flat, unreal, distant. depression.
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity, feeling like i could paint the sistine chapel in a day. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the energy to even brush my teeth. another example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and ready to take on the world. today, i can't get out of bed, and the simplest tasks feel like mountains to climb. a thought that captures a mood shift in bipolar disorder might be yesterday, i was brimming with confidence and optimism. today, i'm consumed by despair and doubt, feeling like i'm worth
i can't believe it's happening again. the sun is rising and i'm feeling good, energized, productive. my mind is racing with ideas, plans, dreams. it's a beautiful day, and i'm on top of the world. i can't wait to tackle the list of things i need to accomplish. but then, as the day wears on, a small cloud of doubt begins to form. what if i'm not good enough? what if i've bitten off more than i can chew? the cloud grows larger, darker. i start to feel the weight of my responsibilities pressing down on me. the energy i felt earlier fades, leaving
bipolar disorder from euphoric heights to crushing depths a heartbeat away. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. but as the day wore on, the darkness crept in, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster ride of emotions, from invincibility to despair. example 3 'i used to think happiness was a constant, but now i know it's a fleeting moment, replaced all too often by the crushing weight of sadness and despair.' bipolar disorder an unpredictable dance of joy and
person a mournfully, in a deep depression i can't believe it's already 3 pm and i haven't accomplished anything today. i feel so worthless, like i'm a burden to everyone around me. why can't i just get it together and do the things i need to do? maybe i should just give up and accept that i'm a failure. suddenly, excitedly wait a minute! i just had an amazing idea for a business! i could combine my love for art and my knowledge of marketing to create beautiful, customized pieces for events and parties. i'll call it artful events. i could be my
example yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with focus and passion. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to find motivation or interest in anything. example last week, i felt invincible and unstoppable. this week, i'm plagued by doubt and uncertainty, questioning my abilities and worth. example yesterday, i was elated, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, i'm consumed by sadness, unable to shake the feeling of hopelessness. example yesterday, i was filled with anxiety and fear. today, i'm experiencing a wave of manic
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and brimming with creative ideas. today, i'm lost in a dark tunnel, unable to focus or find motivation. yesterday, i reveled in the joy of life, bursting with energy and positivity. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog, unable to find meaning or motivation. yesterday, i felt like a brilliant artist, painting the world with my thoughts and emotions. today, i'm a blank canvas, unable to create or connect. yesterday, i was a ray of sunshine, spreading light and warmth wherever i went. today, i
1250 words, 1st person pov i. mania the sun bleeds gold into my room as i awaken, a symphony of vibrant colors splashed across the sky, an orchestra of brilliance that rouses me from my slumber. my eyes flutter open, a kaleidoscope of energy and exhilaration awakens within me, a firecracker ready to burst into life. the world outside is a canvas of opportunity, an endless playground for my insatiable mind. the air around me hums with the possibility of a thousand ideas, dreams, and aspirations waiting to be realized. i throw off the quilt, my
example 2 'last week, i was consumed by a deep sadness, unable to see the light at the end of the tunnel. but today, i've woken up with renewed energy and a sense of hope.' mood swings in bipolar disorder can be sudden and dramatic, making it difficult to predict or prepare for. here are a few examples 1. 'this morning, i felt a sense of calm and clarity, but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and fear.' 2. 'just a few hours ago, i was lost in a pit of despair, but now, i'm filled with a fierce determination and a burning desire
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling unstoppable and inspired. suddenly, a dark cloud descended, leaving me feeling worthless and unable to focus.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from exhilarating highs to disheartening lows. example 3 'i was lost in a peaceful daydream, when a wave of anxiety washed over me, leaving me feeling agitated and restless.' bipolar disorder tranquility shattered by the intrusion of intense emotions. example
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, in an instant. explore the depths of bipolar disorder with our thoughtfully curated collection of quotes, insights, and reflections. let these words inspire, comfort, and empower you as you navigate the complexities of this condition. 1. bipolar disorder is like an unpredictable storm, one moment the sun is shining, the next you're drenched in rain. unknown 2. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, some days you're flying high, other days you're stuck at the bottom. unknown
example this morning, i felt a surge of creative inspiration and productivity. now, in the evening, i'm engulfed in a wave of despair and hopelessness. early this morning, i was filled with a renewed sense of purpose and motivation. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion. yesterday, i was brimming with optimism and excitement. today, i'm trapped in a fog of apathy and lethargy. this morning, i felt a deep sense of calm and clarity. now, i'm gripped by an intense fear and anxiety that i can
in the dim recesses of my consciousness, i was once again ensnared by the cruel machinations of my mood, that indefatigable shape shifter which wielded me as its very own inscrutable marionette. the sun was setting, the sky a magnificent tableau of reds, pinks, and oranges, but the brilliant display of colors was as unattainable for me as a distant star, a fleeting hope lost in the vast expanse of my fractured mind. the cacophony of thoughts swirled around my head, a maelstrom of energy, as i felt the familiar tendrils of mania begin to coil
person manic phase oh wow, look at all these great ideas i have! i'm going to invent a new type of energy, create a masterpiece painting, and write a novel all in one week! i'll be a millionaire by the end of the month! person depressive phase but what's the point of all that? i can't even get out of bed today. i'm a failure. i'll never be good enough. why bother trying when i'm just going to mess things up again? this rollercoaster of emotions can make daily life a challenge for those with bipolar disorder. they need understanding, support,
it s been a little while since i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder type ii i'm a young girl in her 5th year of medical school that was diagnosed 7 months ago and i feel like this disease it's almost ending with my dreams, i've been having panic attacks and a lot of depression lately and some pairs of mine are bullying me now, they treat me like there is something wrong with me. i'm paralyzed, i don't know what to do, i take all my medicines, go to the therapist, and all of those things, but this is getting over me. i'm so tired of this...
person a euphoria i've figured it out! i've finally found the secret to eternal happiness! all you have to do is focus on the positive, surround yourself with love and joy, and everything will work out perfectly! i'm going to spread this message to the world and make a difference! suddenly plunges into depression but what if it's not that simple? what if no matter how hard i try, i can't keep the positive thoughts coming? what if the people around me don't understand or believe in what i'm trying to do? i'm a failure. i'm not good enough. i
i need someone to talk about bipolar so, i have a lot of problems because i'm also border. sometimes i get picky with food and stop to eat, i can't shower and have trouble with my sleep. anyone like this too? i don't like to feel this way, i take my meds everyday and talk to my therapist and still feel bad, i have suicidal thoughts and i drink and smoke a lot. i tried to talk with other bipolars in real life but they don't want to talk about it. my house is trash, i feel no good and i'm always shaking. sorry, i just need someone to talk to.
my best friend changed after he started dating it hurts to see urself not the priority anymore. i was travelling and i came back yesterday so i called him and told him when will i see u he said he s seeing his girl he hasn t seen her in 2 days i told him u haven t seen me in 10 days also how about u go see her and come see me after he said no he wants to spend the night with her and he didn t apologize or anything honestly i thought i d just hear the words i m sorry but i can t like at least tell me i ll make it up for u another day nothing
trying to cook! ive recently decided that i need to actively take steps to be less underweight im anxious often and it ruins my appetite , so! i'm trying new things when i have free time! so far this week ive cooked ramen stir fry, a steak potato asparagus dinner, and tonight i tried a new recipe for chicken alfredo. everything has been way better than frozen or canned fast food i normally eat and although none of my meals turn out exactly as i would like i understand that no skill comes instantly. what hobbies have y'all picked up to cope?
example 1 yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm encased in a heavy fog, unable to focus on anything for more than a few minutes. example 2 this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. now, i'm consumed by a deep sense of despair and hopelessness. example 3 just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a project, filled with excitement and determination. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of apathy and indifference. example 4 earlier today, i felt like i could conquer the world
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair. yesterday, i was vibrant and alive, my mind a whirlwind of thoughts and ideas. today, i'm stuck in a dark abyss, unable to find the energy or motivation to even get out of bed. yesterday, i was filled with hope and possibility. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. yesterday, i was focused and productive. today, i'm scattered and unfocused, unable to complete even the simplest tasks
person 1 manic phase i've got this! i'm on top of the world. i can accomplish anything. i've got a million ideas and not enough time to execute them all. i'm going to change the world. person 1 depressive phase i'm a failure. i can't do anything right. i'm worthless. i can't even get out of bed. i can't make a difference. i wish i could just disappear. this simulated thought demonstrates the extreme highs and lows that a person with bipolar disorder might experience during their mood fluctuations. it's important to remember that these mood
little pity party i don't want to be bipolar anymore. i don't want to be on meds. it's not fair that some people are able to just exist with a stable mood amp appropriately reactive ups amp downs. it's not fair amp it makes me feel angry sometimes. i don't want anymore med changes. i don't want to live the rest of my life this way. i am depressed. i am whiny. i am pathetic. my sincere apologies. i'm actually in the process of a med change to try amp get stable. i'm just feeling really sad amp angry right now. i don't want to live this way.
example 1 'last week, i was lost in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i can barely get out of bed, engulfed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.' example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a wave of sadness and despair, unable to find joy or motivation.' example 3 'just a few hours ago, i was filled with rage and anger, my thoughts racing a mile a minute. now, i'm enveloped in a deep, peaceful calm, my mind clear and
starting to worry i was misdiagnosed, please help. okay so i've been medicated for 3.5 years now after the initial symptoms started extremely rapid mood swings after a nervous breakdown. and since i've been medicated i haven't had any kind of significant mood swings. except i do still have minor mood swings but nothing like before and i'm wondering if i'm actually borderline instead. so my question is, how well do meds work? will they always keep me truly stable 100 of the time? is it normal to get into an episode while medicated? thanks!
me looks at blank screen, feels a wave of excitement and inspiration. i've got this amazing idea! i'm going to write a novel that will change the world. it's going to be brilliant, i can feel it. i'll work through the night, through the weekend, through the next week until it's done. brain manic stage but wait! first, let me organize my desk. and my email inbox. and sort my books by genre. i need new pens. i should clean the windows, and bake that banana bread recipe i've been wanting to try. i need to make a list of all the great ideas i
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected wave of elation and creativity can be followed by an abrupt descent into despair and lethargy, as if the tides of emotion have turned against you. example 2 'i was consumed by a deep sadness this morning, unable to shake the feeling that i was a burden to those around me. but as the sun set, a spark of hope emerged, igniting a renewed sense of purpose and determination.' in bipolar disorder, the pendulum of emotion swings wildly, leaving you feeling both elated and devastated in the span of a single day.
in the span of a heartbeat, the sunny optimism of a bipolar high can give way to the crushing weight of a depressive low. here are a few more examples 1. this morning, i woke up feeling invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, all i want to do is hide under the covers and never leave my bed. 2. just a few hours ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, i can t even bring myself to get out of bed, let alone work on my latest project. 3. yesterday, i felt like i could take on anything, that nothing could stop me. today, i
just got over an obsessive manic episode i have been fixated on one thing in particular, rather not mention what it is but just one aspect of my life. i ve been obsessing and it took me a while to realize i have been having a manic episode filled with fixation and anxiety. couple years ago i would have never even recognized this as a manic episode and i didn t during the episode now either but more as it was coming to a close and my brain felt exhausted. has anyone else experienced fixation as a part of your bipolar? examples are welcome!
person 1 mania i've got this great idea! we can build a business selling solar panels. the market's growing, the profits are through the roof, and i've got the vision, the energy, and the drive to make it happen! i'll work around the clock, sleep when i'm dead, and turn this vision into a reality! person 2 depression that's a nice idea, but how do you even begin? i can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few minutes. i can't make decisions, let alone run a business. i don't have the energy or the motivation. my brain feels foggy,
inner monologue the world spins around me in a whirlwind of colors, ideas, and possibilities. my heart races with the thrill of creation, the excitement of life unfurling beneath my feet. i can't keep still my hands dance across the keys, my mind weaves intricate tapestries of thought. i'm invincible, untouchable, unstoppable. i am the architect of my own reality, the master of my universe. but then, as suddenly as the sun rises, it sets. the vibrant hues of my world begin to fade, replaced by an oppressive gray. my heart slows, my limbs
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and capable. today, i'm trapped in a fog, unsure of my next step. yesterday, i was filled with boundless creativity and motivation. today, i'm consumed by a crushing apathy and despair. yesterday, i was vibrant and alive, connecting with people and ideas. today, i'm hollow and empty, unable to feel anything. yesterday, i was focused and productive, achieving goals left and right. today, i'm scattered and unfocused, unable to complete the simplest tasks. yesterday, i felt like i could
is it normal to still see very brief hallucinations on antipsychotics i m not experiencing psychosis or mania but sometimes i look in the mirror and i see something that isn t there. this also happens with auditory hallucinations, where i hear someone calling my name when they re not there. i ve kind of accepted that i m just gonna experience the world a little differently than everyone else at this point. these hallucinations don t bother me at all and only last a few seconds, definitely not something that warrants switching medication.
fuck fuck.thats right.fuck. i got back on the road as a truck driver and already want to quit .just started this trip sat with many delays. waiting on disptach for several fucking hours. fuck.good fkn pay but for what? lose my shit on some fkn idiot that drives like shit and end up in jail or shot by racist asshole trigger happy cops? recommmend me a job someone.if not.im.getting my engineering or writing degree. m i was hoping to save enough to start a trucking business.maybe not. 12 gauge from walmart sounds pretty fkn good right now.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm paralyzed by despair and can't bring myself to do anything. i was laughing and joking with friends just hours ago, now i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't bear the thought of being around people. the sun was shining and the world was beautiful this morning, but now the clouds have rolled in and all i can feel is hopelessness and darkness. i was engrossed in a project and full of motivation, but suddenly, i'm hit with a wave of apathy and can't seem to focus on anything. i was feeling
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, it's been a few days since the manic episode started, and i'm feeling the weight of my thoughts pressing down on me like an unyielding burden. i know i'm not myself, but it's hard to accept the truth when my mind is racing a mile a minute. i can't remember the last time i slept more than a few hours in a row. my thoughts are a tangled mess of ideas, plans, and projects, all clamoring for my attention. i've been on a shopping spree, purchasing things i don't need and can't afford
personal reflection it's been three days since the mania took hold. the world has become a kaleidoscope of colors, and i can't keep still. i've been up since dawn, my mind racing with ideas, plans, and grandiose schemes. i've been on the phone non stop, calling friends, family, colleagues, and old acquaintances. i've been writing, painting, cooking, cleaning, and planning. i can't remember the last time i felt so alive. but i know this isn't sustainable. i know this won't last. i've been here before, and i know the inevitable crash that
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, able to tackle any challenge. today, i'm engulfed in a heavy fog, unable to focus or find joy in anything. example just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future. now, i'm consumed by a deep sense of despair and hopelessness, unsure if things will ever get better. example i was basking in the warmth of a manic high, feeling invincible and euphoric. but now, i'm crashing back down to reality, feeling empty and exhausted. example i was in
person a in manic phase i've got this great idea! let's start a business selling homemade artisanal chocolates. i'll work day and night, non stop! no rest for the weary! person a switches to depressive phase but what if it fails? what if no one buys my chocolates? i'm not good enough. i'm a failure. i can't do this. cycle repeats with varying degrees of intensity and frequency this thought pattern is common among people with bipolar disorder, where their mood can shift rapidly between mania and depression, which can significantly impact
me sitting in a dimly lit room, staring at the flickering screen of my laptop i can't believe i'm still up at this hour. it's past midnight and i should be in bed, but here i am, surrounded by the artificial glow of my computer. the silence is deafening, yet the clatter of my racing thoughts echoes within my mind, drowning out the tranquility of the night. my heart pounds in my chest, a testament to the adrenaline that courses through my veins. suddenly, a wave of sadness washes over me, crashing down like a tidal wave. the depths of my
bipolar disorder from euphoric elation to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'i was engrossed in a creative project, lost in my own world, when suddenly the bottom dropped out and i was plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair.' bipolar disorder the rollercoaster of emotions, from manic heights to depressive depths. example 3 'one moment i was laughing at my own jokes, feeling invincible, the next i was weeping uncontrollably, consumed by sadness and hopelessness.' bipolar disorder an unpredictable dance between extremes, leaving
i. mania oh, the world is alive, it's vibrant and ripe with possibilities! look at the trees, the way they dance and sway in the wind, each leaf a brilliant hue of orange and red, the sky a canvas of pink and purple, the sun setting slowly, tenderly. the air smells of woodsmoke and damp earth, the feeling of autumn on my skin is electric, exhilarating! the chirping of birds, the laughter of children, the hum of the world around me it all sounds like music, like a symphony. i feel invincible, as if i can do anything, be anything! ii. dep
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair. another example just a few hours ago, i was filled with unbridled enthusiasm and optimism. now, the weight of the world presses down on me, and all i can feel is hopelessness and despair. a thought that captures the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder yesterday, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing a mile a minute, my energy boundless. today, i'm a prisoner to my bed, the black
example 1 'this morning, i was lost in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lethargy.' example 2 'i was elated and filled with joy just an hour ago. now, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find any reason to get out of bed.' example 3 'this morning, i woke up feeling hopeless and worthless. but now, as the sun sets, i'm filled with a renewed sense of purpose and determination.' example 4 'i was filled with rage and frustration earlier today. now, i
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lack of motivation. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future. now, i'm engulfed in a deep depression, unsure if i even want to continue. example 3 this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the day. now, i'm consumed by a debilitating anxiety and fear, unable to leave my bed. example 4 i was in a manic state yesterday, overflowing with grand plans and ideas
work and intrusive thoughts i find in the repetitive aspects work, i have intrusive thoughts that make my face scrunch up. i also have issues writing down dates on things and freeze or write the wrong thing and correct half way through being disabled by brain issues is weird, any one have similar issues, or point me in any direction so i know what to look up. will be going to the doctor, i just kind of want to get my questions nailed down for efficacy. yay for being disabled where even three and half hours 5 days can make issues arise.
example 2 'one moment i was engrossed in a productive project, the next i was overcome by an irresistible urge to do nothing at all.' example 3 'just an hour ago, i was elated and filled with joy. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and despair.' example 4 'i was in a state of focused creativity, then suddenly found myself lost in a fog of confusion and indecision.' example 5 'i was calm and collected, then in an instant, i was overwhelmed by a wave of intense anger and frustration.' example 6 'i was feeling hopeless and worthless, but
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and motivation. today, i'm shrouded in a heavy fog of apathy and despair. example this morning, i felt invigorated and focused, ready to tackle the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a wave of anxiety and uncertainty. example i was elated and productive earlier in the week, but now i'm paralyzed by a deep sadness and an inability to concentrate. example a few days ago, i was filled with a sense of calm and clarity. today, i'm wrestling with racing thoughts and intense agitation.
this doesn't need to be a long piece, but it should be detailed enough to convey the sense of what it's like to go through such a shift. inner monologue mania, oh mania, the intoxicating elixir of endless energy and boundless creativity. ideas surge through my mind like a torrential river, each one more captivating than the last. i'm unstoppable, invincible, and unbreakable. i've conquered mountains, dived into oceans, and tamed lions. i'm on fire, consuming every moment, every sensation, every experience with unbridled enthusiasm. but
example 1 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm overwhelmed by despair and can't seem to focus on anything.' example 2 'just a few days ago, i was overwhelmed by racing thoughts and restless energy, struggling to keep still. now, i'm consumed by a heavy lethargy and an inability to motivate myself.' example 3 'a week ago, i was in the depths of a depressive episode, unable to find joy or motivation. now, i'm manic, filled with grand plans and endless energy.' example 4
example yesterday, i was filled with creativity and motivation. today, i'm overwhelmed by despair and lack of energy. example one moment, i was elated and productive, the next, i was consumed by a dark pit of depression. example living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a rollercoaster of emotions. one minute, i'm soaring high with joy and inspiration, the next, i'm plummeting into a deep sadness. example the sun was shining and i felt alive, but now the clouds have rolled in and i'm lost in the fog of depression. example i was on
example 1 'yesterday, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. today, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and can barely get out of bed.' example 2 'i was engulfed in creative inspiration just this morning. now, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and doubt, unable to focus on anything.' example 3 'the sun was shining and i felt alive with possibility this afternoon. now, as night falls, i'm plunged into a dark and hopeless abyss.' example 4 'i was filled with a sense of calm and clarity this morning. now, i'm racing thoughts and feeling ag
person a euphoric mood oh my gosh, i've just come up with the most brilliant idea for a business! i can't wait to start designing and building it. everything is so perfect and exciting. i feel invincible, like i can accomplish anything. i'll be the next billionaire! suddenly transitions to depressive mood but what if i'm not good enough? what if everyone hates it and laughs at me? maybe i'm just delusional and stupid for thinking i could create something that good. i'm not smart enough, talented enough, or worthy enough. i'll just fail
mania ideas are exploding in my head, a kaleidoscope of thoughts and creativity that i can barely contain. my heart beats wildly, as if it's trying to keep pace with the frenzied energy that courses through my veins. the world is bright and vibrant, each detail crystal clear and full of potential. i feel invincible, like i could conquer anything that comes my way. i'm unstoppable, unbreakable, indomitable. ideas, goals, dreams they're all swirling together in a perfect symphony of inspiration. i can't write them down fast enough, can't
a personal reflection during a bipolar episode might look something like this i can't believe i'm here again, in this place of mania and chaos. i've been up since 3 am, my mind racing with ideas and plans, unable to quiet the storm of thoughts in my head. the world around me is vibrant and alive, a kaleidoscope of colors and sounds that i can't help but be entranced by. i've been on a spending spree, impulsively buying things i don't need, don't have room for, and can't even really afford. i feel an insatiable need to create, to make,
husband stayed home from work today again. he s staying home because the baby woke up way earlier than his normal wake up time and hasn t been sleeping good the last few days. i have not been mentally okay. i recently started taking lamictal and i m hopeful that i ll feel better. he stayed home because he said i m not stable and he wants to take care of the baby today. he did this once before and he won t get in trouble at his job or anything . he has enough personal days and vacation days but i feel so ashamed. i m upset with myself.
example this morning, i was lost in the depths of despair, unable to see a way out. but now, the sun is starting to rise in my heart, filling me with hope and determination. another example just a few hours ago, i was consumed by a fiery passion, feeling unstoppable and alive. now, the fire has faded, leaving me feeling empty and numb. here's another example i woke up this morning feeling like i could conquer the world, but now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking into a dark and heavy sadness, unable to shake it. example this morning, i
example 1 'last week, i felt alive and productive, engrossed in my work and relationships. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed, enveloped by a thick fog of sadness and apathy.' example 2 'just a few hours ago, i was elated and filled with joy, my heart singing with the beauty of the world around me. now, i'm plunged into a deep well of despair, every thought tinged with sorrow and hopelessness.' example 3 'this morning, i was calm and focused, my mind clear and my mood stable. now, i'm consumed by racing thoughts and wild emotions
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, in an instant. examples of mood shifts in bipolar disorder 1. 'i've been feeling so alive and productive lately, but today i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't seem to get out of bed.' 2. 'just a few hours ago, i was bursting with creativity and inspiration. now, i'm consumed by dark thoughts and feel disconnected from reality.' 3. 'i've been in a manic state for days, barely sleeping, full of grand ideas and plans. suddenly, i'm hit with a wave of exhaustion and hopelessness.
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion. yesterday, i was brimming with excitement and motivation. today, i'm swallowed by a pit of despair and lethargy. yesterday, i was filled with a sense of clarity and focus. today, my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me disoriented and disconnected. yesterday, i was in the depths of a dark and hopeless depression. today, i'm experiencing an unexpected surge of energy and positivity. yesterday,
example yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm stuck in a dark pit of despair, unable to find motivation or joy. another example i was elated and productive just this morning, but now the clouds have rolled in, and i'm consumed by a debilitating sadness and lethargy. example i was soaring with manic creativity yesterday, but today i'm crashing, engulfed in a deep depression and unable to focus. example i was in a state of euphoric excitement yesterday, but today i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sad
excerpt from the diary of a bipolar person august 15th i wake up feeling on top of the world. the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and i have this incredible sense of energy and creativity coursing through me. i start writing a new novel, and every sentence feels like a masterpiece. i can't believe how amazing i am, how brilliant my ideas are, and how effortlessly the words flow. i feel invincible, unstoppable, and uncontainable. i am a force of nature. august 16th but then, just as suddenly as it arrived, the manic high starts
attention issues and bipolar this is maybe somewhat unrelated to bipolar, but have any of you experienced really bad attention issues? mine have been bad since before i was medicated and i always attributed it to what i thought was purely depression or now bipolar but it hasn t gotten better through my medication. now medication hasn t made it worse, but i just don t know what to do about it. i don t believe it s add because i haven t been dealing with it since i was a child just since i was around 14. any advice or personal stories?
last week, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, eager to tackle new projects. today, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair, unable to focus on anything. yesterday, i was engulfed in a wave of productivity and efficiency. today, my thoughts are racing, my energy is waning, and i'm struggling to keep up with even the simplest tasks. yesterday, i felt invincible, unstoppable, and filled with purpose. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and self doubt, questioning my worth and my place in the world. yesterday, i was
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and inspiration, the world was a canvas and i was an artist. today, i'm stuck in a dark corner, unable to focus or find joy in anything. example yesterday, i was a whirlwind of productivity and accomplishment. today, i'm paralyzed by apathy and indecision. example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, full of confidence and determination. today, i'm consumed by self doubt and fear. example yesterday, i was engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to shake the feeling that i was
me looking at a dirty kitchen, surrounded by piles of dishes and crumpled takeout containers ugh, the kitchen...i can't focus on anything right now. this mess is driving me crazy. i feel so overwhelmed and sluggish. this is the pits. why can't i get it together? it's not like i have a lot going on. i wish i could just snap out of it and get motivated to tackle this. but i know i'll just end up exhausting myself. i should probably just ask for help, but i don't want to impose on anyone. it's just a kitchen, right? i should be able to
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm paralyzed by despair, unable to focus or function. mood shifts in bipolar disorder can be sudden and extreme, making it difficult to predict or prepare for the changes. these shifts can range from feeling high on energy and productivity to being overwhelmed by sadness, hopelessness, or apathy. the unpredictability of these shifts can make living with bipolar disorder challenging, but with proper treatment and support, it is possible to manage the symptoms and lead a fulfilling life.
example 1 just hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, i'm overwhelmed by an unshakable sadness and can barely muster the energy to leave my bed. example 2 i was elated and productive this morning, but now the darkness has settled in, leaving me feeling isolated and unable to focus on anything but my own thoughts. example 3 euphoria and mania gave way to despair and hopelessness in a heartbeat. i'm no longer the person i was yesterday. example 4 my mood was stable, my mind clear, but now i'm
manic phase the sun paints the morning sky in vibrant hues, my mind awakens, alive and electric. thoughts spiral, a tornado of creativity and ideas unending. i stretch my limbs, taut from slumber, eager to embark on the journey of a thousand adventures that dance in my head. i am invincible, i am indomitable, i am unstoppable. my mind is a brilliant canvas, a kaleidoscope of colors, ideas, and inspirations. i am the master of my universe, the conductor of my own symphony. there's nothing i cannot conquer, nothing i cannot achieve. i
example yesterday, i was filled with creativity and enthusiasm. today, i'm trapped in a dark and endless pit of despair. example just a few hours ago, i was laughing and feeling alive. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and hopelessness. example this morning, i was brimming with motivation and productivity. now, i'm paralyzed by a crushing apathy and lethargy. example earlier today, i was focused and productive. now, i'm unable to think or concentrate, lost in a fog of confusion and disorientation. example yesterday, i was
this morning, i was buzzing with creativity and productivity. now, late at night, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and unable to sleep. my mood was stable this morning, but now, as the sun sets, i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling helpless and hopeless. earlier today, i felt euphoric and unstoppable. now, i'm engulfed in an unrelenting wave of anxiety and fear. i was focused and productive in the morning, but now, as the evening approaches, i'm consumed by restlessness and racing thoughts, unable to find peace. the day started out
when everything is about my bd1 i have reached a point in a very close friendship that is troubling. i talk with my best friend about frustrating people or situations. i get the sympathetic head tilt, the three nod, sometimes even the gentle pat on the arm. this is followed up with, do you think you might feel this way because you re delusional ruminating paranoid psychotic ? eventually i ll have to have a discussion, but it s really frustrating to see my biggest cheerleader box in my every not happy thought as being related to bd1.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and intense. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and invincible. the next, you might be plunged into a deep sadness or despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from yourself and the world around you. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and excited, ready to tackle any challenge. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unsure if i have the strength to keep going.
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, brimming with productivity and creativity. today, i'm a shell of myself, unable to focus or find motivation. yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of inspiration and productivity. today, i'm ensnared in the depths of despair, every action feeling like a herculean effort. yesterday, i felt invincible, like i could conquer anything. today, i'm fragile and broken, every small setback sending me spiraling. yesterday, i was a beacon of positivity and light. today, i'm consumed by a darkness
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm stuck in a fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus on anything. another example yesterday, i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world. today, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and doubt, unsure if i can even get out of bed. yet another example yesterday, i was consumed by a deep sadness, feeling like there was no hope or light. today, i'm experiencing a sudden burst of manic energy and excitement, as if i can take on the world. example
example 1 yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and motivation, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, however, i'm mired in a deep sadness, unable to find joy or purpose in anything. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic energy, filled with grand plans and uncontainable excitement. now, i'm crashing down, feeling weighed down by the heaviness of my thoughts and the inability to focus. example 3 this morning, i felt invincible, ready to take on any challenge. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by
we are investigating social anxiety, perfectionism, and thinking styles, and we are interested in your insight. hi everyone, i'm a phd candidate in clinical psychology and i'm currently conducting a survey on social anxiety, perfectionism, and thinking styles. i would love to hear from you! the survey is open to anyone aged 18 . it should take about 30 mins to complete, and you have the option to enter a 1 of 4 50 visa gift card draw at the end. link to the survey https qualtrics.flinders.edu.au jfe form sv cvfmoof57d75ghj thanks!
it s 4am seroquel reduction is going really well. i have to be up in 3 hours. i absolutely cannot get to sleep on my own unmedicated and if i do it s a very light sleep. i ve been tapering for a while now and i m at the arse end of it. i just need a med so i m tired enough to fall asleep but not too tired that i can t wake up enough the next morning. also one so i m not too drowsy so i can function properly the next day and the kicker doesn t make me fat. people can walk on the moon but not invent this wonder drug for me. why lol.
in the glow of the neon lit room, my heart raced, pounding in rhythmic syncopation with the pulsing lights. my mind danced in unyielding synchronicity, as if fueled by the limitless energy coursing through my veins. i felt alive, invincible, indomitable. my thoughts soared unencumbered, an unstoppable whirlwind of unbridled excitement, endless possibilities. i am unstoppable, i thought to myself, as i savored each sip of the steaming cappuccino that held the promise of untold productivity. yet, as the sun began to rise, my energy,
doing a half marathon for charity if you can donate anything, even a little bit is so helpful. yep. i'm that prick but i'm hoping to raise 250 minimum, maybe even more if i'm lucky. amp x200b please donate if you can. spread the word if you can. i'm running for the mental health charity mind, as they work so incredibly hard all the time and have provided and help me when discussing my rights, treatments and meds amp x200b https www.justgiving.com fundraising jess woodward1996 https www.justgiving.com fundraising jess woodward1996
getting vraylar or saphris. high deductible any ways to get it? i have a 1750 deductible so getting saphris is 200 month. it was a miracle drug when i was on it. vraylar has been suggested for me so many times but once again is super expensive. any loopholes in getting either of these meds? my doctor was going to try to reach out to a drug rep to see if we can get samples and for how long. both of us hesitant bc then i might have to go off. on zyprexa now open to any other meds that might help stabilize that are 5 million dollars
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed. living with bipolar feels like riding a rollercoaster some days, the highs are exhilarating, and others, the lows are overwhelming. the sun shines bright on my dreams, but the darkness of depression steals my motivation and joy. bipolar disorder is like a storm within one moment the sun breaks through the clouds, the next a torrential downpour drenches my spirit. my mood swings are like a pendulum, swinging wildly from
example 1 this morning, i felt the usual fog lifting and the sun breaking through the clouds, promising a productive day. but as noon approached, the sky darkened, and i was enveloped in an unshakable lethargy. example 2 last week, i was consumed by a creative frenzy, pouring my energy into new projects. today, i can barely muster the strength to get out of bed. example 3 yesterday, i was lost in a whirlwind of manic productivity. today, the world seems to spin too fast, and i can't keep up. i'm overwhelmed and exhausted. example
last week, i was bursting with creativity and productivity now, i'm trapped in a fog of apathy and despair. just a few hours ago, i was elated and hopeful. now, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of sadness and hopelessness. this morning, i was filled with motivation and determination. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a thick blanket of anxiety and uncertainty. yesterday, i was radiating confidence and positivity. today, i'm overcome with self doubt and negativity. i used to wake up feeling alive and energized. now, i struggle
personal reflection during a bipolar episode as i sit here in the dimly lit room, my thoughts race faster than an f1 racecar, and my heart beats in sync with the drumming of the raindrops against my window. the world outside is a chaotic mess of colors, sounds, and emotions that swirl around me, drawing me into their vortex. i try to ground myself, to find a foothold in this sea of sensation, but it's a losing battle. i'm in the throes of a bipolar episode. my mind is a rollercoaster of manic energy and depressive sorrow, and i'm
meds and hallucinations i had my first visual hallucination while taking abilify. i also had my first auditory, and full visual ie not just shadows or people moving out of the corner of my eye, but a demon sitting on me then. i had the mild visual hallucinations continue until i stopped lithium. on no meds, i see words in the carpet, but just barely. on depakote, they re back. i saw shadows moving in front of me a few times last night. i couldn t sleep for hours because i was sobbing in terror. wtf. how did meds make this worse?
example 1 'this morning, i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, overflowing with inspiration. now, in the evening, i'm plagued by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair.' example 2 'just a few hours ago, i was filled with excitement and anticipation for the future. now, i'm paralyzed by anxiety and fear of what might come next.' example 3 'this afternoon, i felt invincible, capable of taking on any challenge. but as the night fell, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and a sense of worthlessness.' example 4 'earlier today, i
in the swirling vortex of my thoughts, a kaleidoscope of emotions danced and clashed, a cacophony of contradictions. mania and depression, two warring forces within the vast expanse of my mind, waged an eternal battle for dominance. mania, the elixir of life, the invigorator, the muse, the catalyst for creation and change, reared its exuberant head. it whispered sweet nothings in my ear, a siren's song of limitless energy, boundless enthusiasm, and a fervor for life that bordered on the irrational. the world was my oyster, and i
crisis center i'm sitting in my car outside a crisis center. i don't know if i should go in or go home. i forced myself to not move last night because i was scared if i got up i would kill myself. i felt like donnie darko, with the path laid out towards the supplies to do it. my husband is worried i'll lose my job if i check in. i'm scared to go home. he keeps telling me to calm down, but the problem is i'm terrified of myself. i think i'm going to sit in my car all day...i can't decide if i should go into the center or go home.
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a fog of lethargy and apathy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic frenzy of excitement and ambition. now, i'm wracked with anxiety and despair, feeling as though i can't escape the crushing weight of my own thoughts. example 3 this morning, i was filled with a sense of calm and clarity, able to tackle my daily tasks with ease. now, i'm consumed by a storm of racing
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. examples 1. this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of hopelessness and self doubt. 2. last night, i was dancing to my favorite songs, lost in the music and feeling alive. today, i can barely get out of bed, as the weight of the world presses down on me. 3. just a few hours ago, i was bursting with creativity and inspiration. now, i'm stuck in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable
imagine the scene a person, john, is sitting in a quiet room. his thoughts wander freely, drifting between intense feelings of excitement and intense feelings of sadness, much like a pendulum swinging back and forth. he seems lost in his own mind. john's thoughts during an episode of hypomania ideas! i have so many ideas! i can't keep them all in my head. i need to write them down. i'm going to change the world. i'm going to make a difference. i'm going to start my own business. i'm going to write a book. i'm going to travel the
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy. just a few hours ago, i was elated and bursting with joy. now, i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and worthless. this morning, i felt invigorated and focused. now, i'm trapped in a fog of confusion and despair, unable to concentrate or make decisions. i was filled with confidence and motivation earlier today. now, i'm consumed by self doubt and lethargy, unsure if i can even get out of
personal reflection during a bipolar episode i can't believe i'm here again. the manic energy, the racing thoughts, the endless chatter in my head it's all too familiar. i've been here before, countless times, and i know the drill. the elation, the creativity, the euphoria it all comes with a price. i've been sleeping only a few hours a night, my thoughts racing a mile a minute. i've been spending money i don't have, making grand plans and impulsive decisions. i've been talking a mile a minute, barely pausing to take a breath. i
bipolar disorder is marked by extreme emotional highs and lows, creating an unpredictable and turbulent inner experience. each mood episode, whether manic or depressive, presents a unique emotional landscape. the highs bring an intoxicating rush of euphoria and heightened productivity, only to be followed by the crushing weight of despair and hopelessness during the lows. these emotional shifts challenge one's sense of self and reality, leaving the individual feeling both elated and defeated, vibrantly alive and painfully numb.
been feeling depressed and have been saying suicidal thoughts out loud i won't act on them, but saying them out loud more has made my boyfriend concerned. it's been a very rough week for me and i am so wound up. i just say them to vent out my frustrations, but i get that it's not normal. my medication had not been effective and i think it's time to make a change but i'm scared of the switch messing with me and i get those auditory or visual hallucinations again. just letting this thought out so thank you for reading if you have
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'just an hour ago, i was lost in the joy of creation, my fingers dancing on the keyboard. now, i can barely drag myself out of bed.' bipolar disorder from inspired creativity to crippling lethargy in a heartbeat. example 3 'this morning, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. tonight, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, like the world has lost all color.' bipolar disorder from superhuman strength to crushing despair in a flash.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm enshrouded in a heavy fog of despair and lethargy. the sun shone brightly on my world yesterday, filling me with joy and optimism. today, the clouds have rolled in, casting a shadow of sadness and apathy over my soul. just a few days ago, i was bursting with enthusiasm and motivation. now, i'm trapped in a vortex of hopelessness and exhaustion. my heart was filled with hope and possibility yesterday. today, it's heavy with despair and doubt. yesterday, i was
i ve been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and i m so relieved to finally have answers. after a few years of considering that i ve only ever been depressed i finally understand what is wrong with me. i m reading through old journals and i can almost pin point each episode and determine whether it was mania or depression. i have answers! my manic episodes and then depression and sducidal gestures. i finally understand. it s a relief and scary. i joined the community about a week ago so i can understand my condition all the more.
manic phase the sun peeks through the clouded sky, the world bathed in its golden glow. my heart races, a cacophony of excitement explodes in me. i am a masterpiece, an unstoppable force. i can conquer the world, one problem at a time. the air tingles with energy, every cell in my body resonating with the pulse of life. i'm a superhero, and today is the day i save the world. i've got the answers, the drive, the ideas. my mind is a furnace, a never ending symphony of possibilities. i'll juggle ten projects at once, and none will
last week, i was brimming with productivity and creativity now, i'm trapped in a fog, unable to focus or make decisions. just a few hours ago, i was filled with hope and optimism. now, i'm overcome by despair and hopelessness. this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to take on the day. now, i'm consumed by anxiety and fear, unsure if i can even get out of bed. a few days ago, i was lost in a deep depression, unable to find joy in anything. now, i'm suddenly filled with manic energy, racing thoughts, and endless ideas.
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can barely function. i was excited and focused earlier today, now i'm trapped in a fog of despair and can't seem to find my way out. i was feeling hopeful and motivated, now i'm plagued by hopelessness and doubt, unable to summon the energy to continue. i was in a manic state, feeling invincible and unstoppable, now i'm in a depressive episode, unable to find joy or purpose in anything. i was feeling creative and inspired, now i'm lost in
person a manic phase i have this amazing idea for a business! i can't sleep because my mind is racing with possibilities. i've drafted out a business plan, created a prototype, and even recruited some friends to help me. i'm going to be a millionaire by this time next year! person a depressive phase i can't get out of bed. i've lost all interest in the business idea. it was all just a pipe dream. i'm a failure. i don't even have the energy to call my friends and ask them to back out. i can't afford to keep going, and my mind is
example 1 just when i thought i had a handle on my emotions, a wave of sadness and hopelessness has enveloped me, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed. example 2 one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with excitement and inspiration. the next, i'm paralyzed by anxiety and doubt, unsure if i even want to continue. example 3 in the blink of an eye, my mood transformed from elation to despair. i went from laughing and singing to feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of sadness and self doubt. example 4 i was
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, they can also be followed by intense crashes, leaving individuals feeling emotionally and physically exhausted. example 2 'i've been in a deep depression for weeks, unable to find joy in anything. but suddenly, a small spark of hope ignites within me, and i feel a glimmer of motivation to try again.' in the midst of despair, a glimmer of hope emerges, offering a glimmer of resilience and determination to those living with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadow cast by a single mood pendulum. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i'm curled up in a ball, unable to face the day.' or, 'yesterday, i was lost in a creative frenzy, now i'm lost in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back.' these shifts can be disorienting and challenging, requiring patience and understanding from both the individual experiencing them and those around them.
mania i am unstoppable, an unyielding force of energy, a cyclone of creativity and productivity. the world around me is a blur of color and sound, a symphony of sensation that resonates through every cell in my being. ideas burst forth from the depths of my soul, a torrent of inspiration that surges forth with a force equal to the mighty mississippi. i am invincible, indomitable, invulnerable. i am a god amongst mortals. depression but the mania, the exhilarating, intoxicating mania, is fleeting, a mere whisper in the abyss of
yesterday, i was vibrant and alive, embracing the day with boundless enthusiasm. today, i'm shrouded in darkness, every action requiring herculean effort. just a day ago, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, my mind is a blank canvas, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i used to leap out of bed, eager to tackle the day. now, i'm trapped under its weight, unable to find the motivation to rise and face another day. my moods shift like the tides, one moment i'm cresting a wave of euphor
why are people crapping on coping mechanisms? i've heard so many people on this sub complain when a non neurodivergent tells them they should start to do lists, or journal, or exercising. these are all great coping mechanisms, i understand the loneliness of being neurodivergent but shitting on routines and healthy habits isn't going to help anyone. i have to take medication and journal and do lists and therapy and medication and take walks in nature and a bunch of other stuff. are y'all not doing that? cause it damn sure helps
person a in a state of intense focus and productivity, writing a research paper this is it. this is the breakthrough. the ideas are flowing like a river, and i feel like a genius. i can see the solution to every problem in this field. i'm going to change the game. i'll be recognized for my work. smiling to self, paces around room suddenly, there's a shift. the intensity fades, and an exhaustion settles in. person a slowing down, leans against the wall but what if i'm not good enough? what if they don't see it that way? what if
inner monologue mania i am on top of the world. my mind races with a thousand thoughts, ideas, plans. i can't sit still, my energy is endless. each moment brings new opportunities, new challenges to conquer. i feel invincible, unstoppable. the sun rises and sets within me, illuminating every corner of my being. my heart beats with the rhythm of life itself, a symphony of passion and drive. i am a force to be reckoned with, a maelstrom of creativity and productivity. i am invincible. i am unstoppable. depression but even as the
manic state ideas rush through my mind like a river, an unending torrent of thoughts, dreams, possibilities. my heart races, my breath shallow and fast. i can feel the energy surging through me, making my limbs tremble with excitement. i'm unstoppable, invincible, invulnerable. nothing can stand in my way. i'm going to change the world. i'm going to accomplish great things. i'm going to be famous, successful, rich. i can feel it. i can feel the power inside me, burning bright and strong. i'm on top of the world. i'm alive. dep
wwwwooo guys i feel ssso great right now had a couple shots while the family is gone. it's great but sucks cause i gotta pretend to be more sober when they get back. i'm fucking up though for real i don't know if my meds are working and kinda want to stop but don't want my psych to take me off of a stimulant cause i need my job as much as mental health. i've been drinking because everything was so meh but i think if i stop my meds i will be great for a bit then hit some lows, i don't want to do that but i do. we'll see.......
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and apathy. the sun was shining and life felt beautiful yesterday. today, i'm lost in a dark, endless tunnel with no clear path to the light. yesterday, i felt unstoppable, capable of tackling any challenge. today, i'm paralyzed by fear and self doubt, unsure if i can even get out of bed. yesterday, i was in a state of manic excitement, my mind racing with ideas and possibilities. today, i'm sinking into a deep
manic oh, wow! look at me go! ideas spilling from my head, energy surging through my veins, the world humming in perfect rhythm with my heartbeat. this is it! this is the rush, the elation, the pure, unadulterated bliss of creation! ideas bounce off the walls, dance around in my mind, jostle for position, demand to be put down on paper, to be shaped and molded, to be brought into existence! and look at all the things i can do! i can tackle any project, conquer any obstacle, soak up knowledge like a sponge. this is it! this is
example 1 this morning, i felt the warmth of the sun and saw the beauty in the world. now, in the depths of night, i'm consumed by despair and the darkness feels endless. example 2 euphoria turned to despair in the blink of an eye, like a rollercoaster plummeting from its peak. example 3 just when i thought i'd found stability, my mood shifted, leaving me feeling unanchored and adrift. example 4 the elation of the manic high was replaced by the crushing weight of a deep depression, leaving me feeling lost and alone. example 5
starting to feel hypomanic i haven t felt this way in a very long time and the mere fact that i am even writing here is a strange, it is painful to know what s happening and what s coming. im contemplating if i should take tranqs or call for help. im so good at sketching right no tho, like so good. i hate this feeling but also not sure how to not feel good right now. everything is so bright and doable but i hate knowing this will end in a low i will not be able to fathom. sorry for rambling, just not sure if i m making sense.
what's wrong with me my whole life is failure after failure. i have never felt like i belong anywhere i'm standing since kindergarten. everyone leaves me no one ever understands and i don't think i understand myself anymore. i keep trying to get better but i fail every time and i don't know what to do anymore. i've been alone my entire life no matter how many people are around me and i don't understand why or what to do anymore i can't keep being alone but i'm too afraid to do anything because i know i'll fail like every time
mania i can't contain the exhilaration coursing through my veins. my heart races, every fiber of my being vibrates with life. i'm unstoppable, invincible. ideas burst forth like a fountain, a torrent of creativity that can't be tamed. my mind races, constantly solving problems, devising plans, creating new projects, setting new goals. i'm on top of the world, a force to be reckoned with. my thoughts are a symphony, the maestro of my own orchestra. depression but just as suddenly, the energy dissipates, leaving me hollowed out
what are you all taking to help manage your depressive states? i ve been on lamotrigine for a few years and it s been great until now, this month i ve had the worst depression since my diagnosis. i m going to the doctor in a few days and i have no idea what he might recommend switching to or adding. i m already on lithium which seems to help the manic side of things and i ve tried depakote that was seriously a dream drug for my mind but my body blew up so that s out. so what is everyone else taking to boost the depression up?
should i ask to be evaluated for spd at my next pdoc appointment? i have an appointment on tuesday. i have reason to believe i have sensory processing disorder. is there any reason to bring it up? will i just be looked at as the annoying self diagnosing patient? i believe my sensory issues are a huge factor in my anxiety , especially in leaving the house and social situations. years ago i tried to tell people i thought i might have aspergers, but i just got laughed at my fam who sees me as a bit of a hypochondriac. maybe i am
manic ah, the world is a canvas and i, a vibrant paintbrush, ready to splash colors across the blank canvas of life. ideas dance and twirl in my head, each vying for my attention, each demanding to be born, to be brought to life. my mind, a whirlwind of inspiration, of boundless creativity. i am the maestro of my own symphony, the conductor of my own orchestra, the architect of my own masterpiece. i'm on fire, a burning torch of passion, a wild, untamed stallion, bursting with energy, with life, with purpose. i'm unstoppable
fast cycling i've been experiencing extreme mood swings in a single day. i thought it was a hormone problem but a friend said it could be from my bipolar diagnosis. i haven't mentioned it to my psychiatrist because i didn't think it was related since i had never heard about that being a symptom before. i've definitely never met someone else who has described the same thing. i'm taking lamictal but i can't tell it working other than not being in a depression for months at a time anymore. does anyone else here experience this?
manic mode i've got this, you know. i've got all of it. energy coursing through my veins, ideas pouring into my head, the world at my feet. today is a blank canvas, ripe with possibilities. i can tackle any challenge, conquer any fear. my mind races with inventiveness, my spirit soars with optimism. i'll make today magnificent, i'll make today memorable. depressive mode but then, just as suddenly, the tide turns. the sun dips beneath the horizon, and with it, my energy, my enthusiasm, my will. i'm drained, deflated, depleted
me manic phase, staring intently at the computer screen wow, i've got this brilliant idea for a business! it's going to revolutionize the industry! i'm going to be a millionaire by this time next year! i'll be the boss, the visionary, the leader! i'll hire the best people, create amazing products, and change the world! i don't need a plan, or any details, i'll just... pauses to look at the empty room, feeling empty as well me depressed phase, lying on the bed i can't even get out of bed today. why bother trying? nothing i do
i think the change in seasons is starting mania hypomania woke up this morning feeling great and had energy. but i know that s not a great sign because that hasn t happened in half a year or so. at this point i m just bracing for impact and waiting to see if it s hypomania or not. i say hypomania mania because i experience both and my therapist still can t decide if it s bipolar i or ii. possibly an issue of deciding if the mania was actually full blown mania. anyways, i just woke up feeling good and i don t trust like that.
irritability in relationships hey everyone amp happy saturday i hope you re taking care of yourselves. i ve been struggling a lot with irritability lately. i can still control myself but i pick up arguments with my parents, i get mad and annoyed easily and it s starting to affect my relationship to my bf as well. i don t want to ruin anything because i really care about the people in my life. i am self aware and i know that i need to work on it but i d like some insight or some advice from fellow bipolar people. thanks a lot
personal reflection dear journal, today, i find myself ensnared in the grip of a manic episode, the familiar dance of thoughts swirling in my head, the intense energy coursing through my veins. i know this all too well, and as much as i'd like to ignore it, i cannot. the sun rises, a brilliant golden orb that sets my spirits alight. i am invincible, indomitable, and nothing can stop me. the world is my oyster, and i hold the pearl within my grasp. i feel unstoppable, untouchable, a superhero capable of conquering the world.
i have the urge to break up with my so when i m manic whenever i stop taking my seroquil for a while, i start to feel manic and can t resist the urge to break up with my boyfriend. when i m not manic, i really love him and he s been my rock through everything and i adore him but when i m manic i feel suffocated by him and i want to run and ghost him and i just don t understand??? has anyone ever felt like this? what can help? i try reminding myself of reasons why i love my so to calm myself down and sort of talk myself down
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm enveloped in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion. example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a passionate debate, my mind racing with arguments and counterarguments. now, i'm curled up in a ball, unable to muster the energy to even lift a finger. example this morning, i woke up feeling invincible, ready to take on the world. now, i'm lying in bed, blank minded and overwhelmed by the weight of the world. example yesterday, i was a whirlwind
example yesterday, i was buzzing with creativity and motivation. today, i'm enshrouded in a heavy fog of despair and apathy. example just a few hours ago, i was laughing and feeling alive. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and a crushing weight. example earlier today, i was filled with hope and possibility. now, i'm overcome by a sense of hopelessness and helplessness. example this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i'm paralyzed by fear and uncertainty. example a short while ago, i was feeling confident
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm stuck in a fog of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. example living with bipolar disorder is like riding a rollercoaster some days i'm soaring high with uncontainable joy, other days i'm plummeting into the depths of hopelessness. example bipolar disorder is a mercurial storm within me, one moment filled with brilliance and clarity, the next shrouded in darkness and confusion. example bipolar disorder is a kale
jumped from stairs and sprained my ankle after many weeks of depression i finally got my manic episode today, when leaving school i though it would be great idea to jump from this high and long stairs so i would be home sooner. my plan went wrong and i fell straight on the ground. nothing hurt me at that moment so i went happily home, after 30 minutes i noticed my right leg is bigger than my left was pretty funny to me , fast forward i ended in hospital with pretty bad sprained ankle and for next month i will need crutches.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you might be overwhelmed by despair and unable to get out of bed. it's like an emotional rollercoaster, with highs and lows that can be difficult to predict or control. for example 'this morning, i felt inspired and creative, overflowing with ideas and energy. but now, as the day wears on, i'm engulfed in a heavy fog of sadness and apathy, unable to focus on anything but the weight of my own thoughts.
when someone asks what's wrong with you , what do you answer? currently on a depressive episode. i look all wrinkly, fed up and messy. coworkers and friends star asking me what's wrong. it really pisses me off because some know my diagnosis and ask me again and again when they know for a while that being depressed for a month is not your regular sadness. it also embarrases me because i don't want to show instability for professional reasons so i answer i'm sleepy or couldn't sleep well. in this cases, what is your approach?
best mood tracker app my mood is being wack depressed anxiety spurts of a bunch of energy anger blah blah blah it s literally all of these all day. so what s everyone s favorite mood tracker? i use emmo which i like a lot bc it s cute af but since my mood is crazy i need something to track throughout the day. i kinda like the thought of a journal but i don t have time to make it cute bc it needs to be cute and cohesive. i found a bunch of apps curated to ppl with bipolar but idk if that s are cool or not. suggestions please
manic phase oh, the world is mine for the taking! ideas are racing through my head faster than i can scribble them down. the sun is beaming down, casting everything in golden light. people are smiling, laughing, living their lives to the fullest. i am alive! alive and in control! i've got this! i've got everything! i've got energy to burn, passion to ignite, and dreams to pursue! i am invincible! i am unstoppable! i am... me! depressive phase but then, just like that, the sun dips behind a cloud, plunging everything into a
deep, contemplative sigh mania. the fervent, insatiable energy coursing through my veins. my thoughts ignite, like a thousand fireworks illuminating the cavernous recesses of my mind. i'm an indefatigable, boundless force. the sun within a stormy sky, illuminating the darkest corners, revealing beauty in chaos. my heart beats with an infectious rhythm, my mind a whirlwind of ideas, plans, and visions. i'm invincible, unstoppable, invulnerable to the harsh realities that plague others. i'm the architect of my own destiny, a
this isn t exactly my experience, but i imagine it could be like this for someone in the depths of depression i can t get out of bed. my thoughts are muddled. there s nothing worth doing, no point in trying. why bother, no one really understands me. maybe this is just how it s meant to be, a bleak and lonely existence. i can t keep this up. i want out. in the midst of a manic episode i m on fire, i can t keep still! my thoughts race a mile a minute, ideas, inspiration, plans! i ve got so much to do, i ve got to keep moving
being in a relationship as a bipolar person is like having two relationships. nobody outside of this type of relationship will ever understand. when i m stable, i am the best husband. our relationship is amazing. model relationship. then when i m manic which for me usually swings between periods of high anxiety irritability or intense happiness , we have a troubling relationship. it s so weird how one can snap back to the other. i feel so bad for my wife who is a rock. but, everyday i strive to keep myself stable for her.
manic oh, today is going to be a great day! i've got so many ideas swirling in my head, i can barely contain them. the world is my canvas, and i've got a palette full of vibrant colors to paint with. ideas for projects, solutions for problems, visions for the future they're all clamoring for my attention, and i can hardly keep up. i feel invincible, unstoppable, untethered from the world and its mundane realities. this is the high the exhilarating, intoxicating high that i've come to crave. i can't wait to see what marvel
this thought should resonate with those who live with this condition and might offer comfort or understanding to others. bipolar disorder is a labyrinth of emotions, where the highs feel like invincibility and the lows pierce the soul. riding this rollercoaster is both terrifying and exhilarating, yet the constant mood swings steal the joy and peace from living. yet, despite the chaos, there's an unyielding spirit within, reminding us that even amidst the storm, we remain resilient and deserving of love and understanding.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode it's 3 am, and i can't sleep. the racing thoughts in my mind keep me awake, my heart beats rapidly in my chest, and my body trembles with a strange mix of excitement and fear. i'm in the middle of a bipolar episode, and it feels like i'm on a rollercoaster, riding the highs and lows without a seatbelt. as i lie in bed, i can't help but reflect on the last few days. i've been on a manic spree, filled with energy and creativity, pushing myself to accomplish as much as possible. i
personal reflection i'm lying in bed, my heart racing as thoughts and emotions swirl through my mind like a maelstrom. i can't seem to quiet the storm inside me, no matter how hard i try. it's the middle of the night, and i should be asleep, but instead, i'm wide awake, my mind a tumultuous sea. i realize i'm in the throes of a bipolar episode, the manic phase. i've been here before, but each time is different, and i can't help but wonder what this one will bring. my thoughts race, one leading to another, building on each
example 1 yesterday, i was overflowing with creativity and motivation today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair. example 2 the sun was shining, and life seemed vibrant just hours ago. now, i'm lost in the dark recesses of my mind, unable to find a way out. example 3 my heart was filled with joy and laughter yesterday, but today, the weight of the world presses down on me, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. example 4 one moment, i was soaring above the clouds, feeling invincible and free. the next, i
i feel so shameful when i see how tidy and well decorated other people s homes are then i come home to a sink full of dishes, a carpet that hasn t been vacuumed in ages, piles of clothes that haven t been folded, cups and cans everywhere, and the list just goes on. i want to have a clean, cozy home with house plants that i m proud to show off to people, but i don t even feel capable of holding myself together for long enough to achieve anything close. i feel like a disaster of a human and i don t know how to help myself.
example 1 yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling a sense of euphoria and boundless energy. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything. example 2 i was elated and productive during the day, but now, as the evening approaches, i'm feeling a heavy sadness and lack of motivation. example 3 earlier today, i felt like i could conquer the world, filled with determination and drive. now, i'm consumed by a debilitating lethargy and despair. example 4 just a few hours ago, i was filled
agitated amp restless every single sunday i have bpi, adhd c, anxiety, and stress related to trauma. i ve been mostly stable for a few months now but every single sunday i m agitated and restless. i work a 8 4 mon fri schedule and my husband seems to think it s because i have to work on monday. but i don t get like this during the week, is it because i m not being stimulated enough? maybe it s my adhd and not bp but damn i feel like there s electricity running through my limbs and i don t know what to do with the energy.
this morning, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of despair and apathy. i once felt like a superhero, capable of tackling any challenge. now, i'm a prisoner in my own mind, shackled by the weight of my thoughts and emotions. living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a rollercoaster one moment you're soaring with elation, the next plummeting into the depths of depression. the highs of mania can feel like a heavenly paradise, but the lows of depression pl
person 1 manic oh my goodness, i've got this great idea for a business! i'm going to quit my job and start it right away. i'll put in long hours, and it's going to be a huge success. i've got the energy and drive to make it happen. days or hours later, when the person is experiencing a depressive episode person 1 depressive what was i thinking when i decided to start that business? i don't have the energy or motivation to make it work. i'll never be able to make it a success. i should have just stuck with my old job. i'm
example yesterday, i was brimming with creative ideas and unstoppable energy. today, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog, every movement requiring herculean effort. example lately, i've been riding a rollercoaster of emotions, from elated heights to crushing lows. today, i find myself stuck in a gray limbo, neither here nor there. example just a few days ago, i was bursting with excitement and productivity. now, i'm lost in a dark forest of apathy, unable to muster the energy to do even the simplest tasks. example one moment,
mania ideas, brilliant, endless, swirling, dancing, a kaleidoscope of inspiration, fusing in my mind. creativity unbounded, the boundaries of my thoughts dissolving, a deluge of possibilities, of concepts, of worlds i could build, with a mere flick of my brain. i am a god, an alchemist, a poet, an artist, an inventor. i am boundless, infinite, a vessel of potential, a cascade of ideas, of possibilities, of passion, of excitement, of joy. depression but then, the pendulum swings, and all is dark. the vibrant colors, once
bipolar thought i can't believe i'm feeling this low again. just when i thought i was getting better, the depression hits me like a freight train. i feel so tired, so drained. all i want to do is sleep, but even that feels impossible. i can't focus on anything, i can't make decisions, i can't even get out of bed. the world is a heavy, gray blur, and i'm just stuck in it. but then, just as i'm sinking deeper into this black hole, a glimmer of hope emerges. i remember the highs, the energy, the creativity, the euphoria. i
example yesterday, i was brimming with creative inspiration and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of apathy and despair. another example last week, i felt unstoppable, my mind racing with possibilities. now, i'm paralyzed by the weight of my own thoughts and unable to focus. example i was in a manic phase, overflowing with ideas and energy. now, i'm in a depressive episode, unable to find joy or motivation in anything. example just a few days ago, i was elated and full of life. now, i'm lost in the depth
during a manic episode ideas swirl in my head, a frenzied maelstrom of thoughts and energy. each idea sparks a cascade of possibilities, like a lit matchhead igniting a firework display of inspiration. i can't keep up with the torrent of thoughts, and i leap from one idea to the next with reckless abandon. i feel invincible, indestructible, and untouchable. suddenly, a depressive episode sets in suddenly, the world shifts. the vibrant colors fade to a dull monotone, and the energy drains away, leaving me feeling hollow
bipolar jokes memes bipolar sub, how do you feel when you see a meme or a joke with bipolar disorder being the butt of the joke? i saw one today and it made me sick to my stomach. some people think it s better to laugh about bad situations... but i don t think i m that type of person. i saw one today that said missing person mother nature and she s bipolar and off her meds. what made it worse was all of the hateful comments under it about people with mental illness and bipolar. how do you feel about it? open discussion
manic oh, the world is a beautiful place, a symphony of colors, sounds, and scents! i feel alive, invigorated, electrified! i can do anything, be anything! the sun is shining, the birds are singing, the wind is whispering in my ear come on, join me! let's dance! let's create! let's conquer the universe! no limits, no boundaries, just endless possibilities! depressive but then, as if from nowhere, a dark cloud descends, and the world turns to ashes in my eyes. the sun dims, the birds fall silent, and the wind becomes a
took lamictal 8 hours apart i take 300 mg of lamictal every evening. i forgot to take my lamictal last night and took it this morning around 11 am. i forgot that i had taken it so late this morning and took it around 8 tonight. so that s 600 mg in about 9 hours. any danger with that? i m just feeling restless and maybe some heavy chest, but not much else at this time. i m 34 years old. i m not too worried. just curious. i don t think it s time to call poison control. just wondering if anyone has had experience. thanks
person 1 during a manic episode i've got this great idea for a business! it's going to be revolutionary and make millions! i'll stay up all night planning it out and then work around the clock to make it a reality. i'm so energetic and excited, i can't sleep! person 1 during a depressive episode i can't believe i even thought that was a good idea. it was just a stupid dream. i'm so tired and lethargic. i can't seem to focus on anything, even the simplest tasks. i just want to sleep all day and ignore the world. person
bipolar mood swings from elated and productive to despairingly unmotivated in the blink of an eye. the sun that warmed my soul yesterday is now a distant memory, replaced by the cold, dark shadows of hopelessness and exhaustion. bipolar disorder a dance between mania and despair, one foot in the light, the other in the depths of depression. bipolar's rollercoaster ride from exhilarating heights to crushing lows, the journey is unpredictable and relentless. bipolar's tempestuous sea one day, the waves are crashing with
person a manic phase wow, the sun is really shining today! i've got so many ideas, i could write a book, start a business, cook a gourmet meal for my entire family. and i'll do it all today! no need to sleep, right? i'll just keep going until the ideas dry up! person a depressive phase i can't get out of bed. everything is pointless. i'll never accomplish anything. why bother trying? even the sun doesn't shine for me. i might as well just stay here and wallow in my misery. these extreme mood swings can be both exhilar
what kind of therapy do you do? i haven't had a therapist for a while because i felt like it wasn't working for me. i am very self aware which just seems to make it difficult. i can describe my feelings and thoughts well so they don't understand why i'm struggling. it's like, just because i can articulate it or locate the source of the problem doesn't mean i'm actually working through it. does anyone else have this problem? i feel like i haven't found a therapist that really gets it yet so i barely make any progress.
temporary relief is better than permanent relief i have come to terms with the fact that i will always experience this drastic highs and lows. they may become less intense with the help of medication and therapy but they will always be with me. my dr doesn't want me to smoke pot anymore i totally get why but when i am very deeply depressed and contemplating suicide i will choose the temporary and nearly instant relief over the permanent relief every time. sorry if this makes no sense to you, i'm stoned.. but im alive
example yesterday, i was a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm buried under a heavy fog of lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. example just a few hours ago, i was elated and filled with a sense of boundless possibility. now, i'm plunged into a dark pit of hopelessness and self doubt. example this morning, i felt invigorated and ready to tackle the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of sadness and apathy. example earlier today, i was filled with a profound
example 1 yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm struggling just to get out of bed, engulfed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness. example 2 last week, i was in a manic state, filled with grand plans and endless enthusiasm. today, i'm crashing, exhausted and unable to focus on anything but the weight of my bed. example 3 just a few days ago, i was feeling creative and productive, overflowing with inspiration. now, i'm trapped in a fog, unable to think or act. example 4 i was el
bipolar disorder can suddenly flip from elated euphoria to crushing despair, leaving the individual feeling both exhilarated and hopeless within the span of hours or days. example 2 'this morning, i felt alive and invincible, ready to tackle the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find the energy to face tomorrow.' bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling like they're riding an emotional rollercoaster, with highs and lows that can shift without warning.
example 1 last week, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and motivation. but today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of interest in anything around me. example 2 this morning, i was consumed by a manic energy and racing thoughts. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a deep, soul crushing depression. example 3 just a few hours ago, i was laughing and feeling alive, filled with joy and excitement. now, i'm paralyzed by anxiety and self doubt, unable to move or focus on anything. example 4 earlier
hey guys i have a question about voices. i've had hallucinations before where you hear external voices, in my case when it was really bad it was demons talking through my sister and my dad to me that they were going to do awful things to them. but i'd had this thing throughout the years of a demon sitting on my shoulder planting bad thoughts into my head. and then the other side was combating it. is this considered intrusive thoughts or is it a hallucination too? or is it a combo of intrusive thoughts and delusions?
manic i've got this. i've got it all figured out. the sun is shining, the birds are singing, the world is mine for the taking. ideas are pouring in from every angle, a tidal wave of creativity and energy. i can't keep still, i can't keep quiet. i'm on fire, a spark ignited into an inferno of productivity and inspiration. i'm unstoppable, untouchable. i'm invincible. depressive but what about when the fire goes out? what about when the sun hides behind the clouds, when the birds stop singing, when the world becomes a
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear journal, it's been a while since i last wrote in you. i've been engrossed in the whirlwind of emotions that is my bipolar mind. i know i shouldn't have let it get this bad, but the mania and euphoria had me under their spell once again. today, as i sit here in the quiet of my room, i can't help but reflect on the past few days. i've been living in a haze of grandiosity, a state where i believed i was invincible and capable of accomplishing anything. my thoughts raced
example 1 yesterday, i was filled with motivation and creativity. today, i'm overwhelmed by despair and apathy. example 2 the sun was shining, and i felt alive with possibilities yesterday. today, the sky is gray, and i'm lost in the depths of my own despair. example 3 i was soaring high with confidence and productivity yesterday. today, i'm crashing down, feeling helpless and worthless. example 4 yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness and self doubt. example 5
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, a rollercoaster of emotions. here are some possible variations 1. just a day ago, i was brimming with joy and creativity now i'm enveloped in a heavy fog of sadness and apathy. 2. this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as evening descends, i'm plagued by the weight of despair and hopelessness. 3. yesterday, i was buzzing with excitement, ready to tackle any challenge. today, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sense of worth
how do we get through the normal stages of life like this? i ve 19f been recently diagnosed as bipolar and i really struggle with seeing a future for myself. i m in college and i ve lost all motivation this month. i don t see myself getting married because i keep causing problems in my relationship. i don t see myself having kids because i don t want to give them the mental illness that i have. how the fuck do we move forward from here? my dog saves my life every day. and if it weren t for her i would have nothing.
birth control and mania? hello! i'm curious to find out if anyone here has experienced heightened manic hypomanic reactions to birth control pills? my former psychiatrist former for many reasons took me off bc because she was afraid that it was triggering my manic episode at the time despite me desperately needing bc due to hormone deficiency . i've just recently started to take bc again after talking with my obgyn who said he's never heard of that happening before, but i'm rightfully concerned now. so who's right?
how does your living situation effect you? hello, i walked out of my apartment door this morning and almost stepped on a homeless man who appeared to be high sleeping in my hallway. i also assume he got the drugs from the dealer on the second floor, i digress... i am bipolar my income is limited but i wonder if it what life would be like living in one of those apartment complexes with amenities. the mental health of those around me is not good and i am curious on how big of a role this plays on someone recovering?
example 1 'living with bipolar feels like riding a rollercoaster, one minute soaring with elation, the next plummeting into a deep depression.' example 2 'my mania turned to despair in the blink of an eye, leaving me feeling lost and hopeless.' example 3 'bipolar is a dance between the extremes, one moment enveloped in a vibrant energy, the next plunged into an icy darkness.' example 4 'the elation of mania fades, replaced by the crushing weight of depression, leaving me feeling small and insignificant.' example 5
example yesterday, i was brimming with creative inspiration and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of lethargy and despair. example just a few hours ago, i was filled with euphoria and boundless enthusiasm. now, i'm plunged into a deep pit of sadness and hopelessness. example this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, i'm curled up on the couch, unable to muster the energy to do even the simplest tasks. example i was soaring with excitement and motivation this afternoon. now, i
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. here are some more examples 1. just a few hours ago, i was laughing and dancing, feeling invincible. now, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to see a way out. 2. yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and inspiration. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and worthlessness. 3. this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero. now, i'm curled up in a ball, unable to face the world. 4. i was on cloud nine,
i can't keep this up, this energy, this frenzy of thought and deed. it's exhilarating, thrilling even, the way my heart races and my mind spins, but it's unsustainable. the sun sets earlier each day, and with it, the last vestiges of my mania. i used to think i could go on like this forever, but i'm beginning to see that's not the case. i'm exhausted. i'm empty. it started subtly, a creeping sensation in the pit of my stomach, a subtle ache that i couldn't quite place. i pushed through it at first, telling myself
example 1 this morning, i was lost in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming sadness, unable to find my way out. example 2 laughter and joy filled my heart just hours ago, but now, as the night deepens, i'm consumed by an unshakable despair, as if a veil of darkness has descended upon me. example 3 earlier today, i was brimming with confidence and motivation, feeling like i could conquer the world. but now, i'm trapped in a maelstrom of anxiety and self d
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. here are some more examples 1. lately, i've been living in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i can't seem to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. 2. one moment, i'm bursting with excitement and optimism. the next, i'm consumed by a deep sense of sadness and hopelessness. 3. last week, i felt invincible, like i could conquer the world. today, i'm paralyzed by fear and doubt, unsure if i can even
manic oh, wow! look at me go! ideas cascading, energy pulsating, thoughts vibrant and alive, i am on fire! i am unstoppable, invincible, indomitable! nothing can hold me back, not even my own mind! the sun is shining, the birds are singing, life is beautiful, i am beautiful! i'm going to change the world, make a difference, leave a mark! i'll write that novel, paint that masterpiece, create that invention, solve that problem! there's no limit to what i can do, no barrier i can't break through! depressive but wait
had 2nd episode, now, my 21 amp and 23 yo daughters cut me off and it hurts my heart so much to be estranged from them... long story short went to the psych ward 2018 from a stressful episode and ended up in the psych ward got divorced in 2018, two months i had a psychotic break because i've never financially supported myself ever and now i need to do it and i really don't know how and now my two adult daughters have totally cut me off, and they were the light of my life!!! has anyone have this happened to them??
i think seroquel makes me manic hi guys. posted here awhile back about switching to seroquel from abilify bc i was so tired i couldn t function. ive been on just 100mg of seroquel for 2 months and holy shit.. i went almost thirty percent over budget last month, constantly picked fights with my now ex boyfriend, etc. so, all of that to say, anyone have a similar experience? i m so fucking depressed too but not sure if i would be if pretty much my whole life hadn t completely gone off the rails lately. tia y all ??
example 1 yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity today, i'm enveloped in an overwhelming sadness, unable to find motivation or joy. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic euphoria, now i'm crashing hard, feeling lethargic and hopeless. example 3 the sun was shining, and i felt invincible this morning. now, as the evening approaches, i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to shake the feeling of worthlessness. example 4 i was in a state of intense focus and productivity this
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm overwhelmed and unable to focus, as if a heavy fog has descended upon me. living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one minute i'm soaring high, the next i'm plummeting low. the sun was shining and i felt invincible this morning. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness. bipolar disorder is like living in a kaleidoscope of emotions one turn brings vibrant colors, the next brings a bleak, monoch
example 1 living with bipolar feels like riding an emotional roller coaster, one day i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next day i'm stuck in a pit of despair, unable to get out. example 2 bipolar disorder is a dance between mania and depression, today i'm lost in the thrill of mania, tomorrow i'll be drowning in the depths of despair. example 3 bipolar is a game of emotional russian roulette, some days i'm on a winning streak, other days i'm left reeling from the bullets of depression. example
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, hours later, i'm trapped in a dark, hopeless place, unsure if i can go on.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, swinging from extreme highs to debilitating lows. example 3 'i was engulfed in a sea of creativity, filled with endless inspiration and motivation. but now, i'm lost in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back to the surface.
despite the exhilarating highs and the deepest of lows, the unpredictability of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling both invincible and utterly powerless within the span of a single day. one moment, i'm soaring through life with boundless creativity and an unquenchable thirst for adventure. the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss of despair and apathy, unable to find the motivation or energy to move even an inch. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, and the shifts can be as sudden and startling as a loop the loop.
example 1 yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything. example 2 this morning, i woke up feeling normal and in control. now, i'm consumed by a racing mind and unrelenting anxiety, as if i've been thrown into a whirlwind of thoughts. example 3 just a few hours ago, i was filled with anger and frustration. now, i'm overcome by a profound sense of calm and peace, as if a heavy weight has been lifted off my shoulders. example 4
manic ideas, they're a flowing! a river of inspiration, coursing through my veins. the day stretches out before me, brimming with potential. every challenge an adventure, every failure a stepping stone. i've got this! depressive but what if i don't? what if the day stretches out before me, an endless expanse of nothingness? every challenge a mountain to conquer, every failure a crater in the ground that i can't help but trip into? why bother trying when the effort seems so fruitless? manic but i can't give up! i
how does mood swing from one extreme to another? bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from the depths of depression to the heights of mania or hypomania. these shifts can occur suddenly, sometimes without provocation, leaving individuals feeling trapped in an emotional rollercoaster they cannot control. the constant flux between extremes often leaves those affected grappling with uncertainty, fear, and a sense of loss as they navigate the complex terrain of their emotional landscape.
am i bipolar? hy! i m suffering from bulimia and also have anxiety and depression.after years of visiting psicologists,my current one said that i could possibly be bipolar.so i would like to ask you what is it like?what levels of bipolarity exists? i have periods where i am active,full of adrenalin,work without rest and dont even have the time or the need to sleep much.. and then there are periods of deep depression,where i could sleep all day and i can t find the energy or the will to do anything or see anyone.
example 1 just a few hours ago, i was brimming with excitement and productivity. now, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and apathy. example 2 the sun was shining, and i felt alive and invigorated. but now, the sky has turned dark, and i'm drowning in the depths of my thoughts. example 3 my mind was a whirlwind of creativity and inspiration. suddenly, it went silent, leaving me feeling empty and lost. example 4 i was in the zone, focused and productive, but now i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and
last week, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and lethargy. one moment i'm elated and energetic, the next i'm plunged into a deep sadness and immobility. the highs of mania give way to the lows of depression in the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder. the sun shines brightly on my optimistic mornings, only to be replaced by the dark clouds of despair in my evenings. bipolar disorder leaves me feeling like i'm living in a perpetual pend
mania ideas, oh so many ideas! the world is a canvas of endless possibilities. i can change the world, i can make a difference. my mind is a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. the day stretches out before me, ripe with opportunity and i can t help but revel in the sheer joy of it all. the sun rises, my heart soars. i am invincible, indomitable, untamed. depression but then, as swiftly as it came, the mania ebbs away. in its place, a heavy cloak of despair wraps around my heart, tight and unyielding. i can
example 1 this morning, i felt a surge of creativity and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by an oppressive sadness and fatigue. example 2 just an hour ago, i was laughing and feeling alive. now, i'm consumed by an intense, debilitating anxiety and fear. example 3 this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic. now, i'm engulfed by a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness. example 4 i started the day feeling calm and focused. now, i'm manic with racing thoughts and energy that i can't
asking for an autism evaluation i ve been with my new psychiatrist for a few months now and she s so precious like absolutely wonderful. i ve been thinking for a while that i could be on the spectrum and i just want to know if i am definitively or not. idk how i should go about bringing it up esp since we already have a host of disorders to deal with rn. i m kinda scared to ask for an evaluation tho cus what if she doesn t agree or smt i just don t want to feel uncomfortable thinking abt it is making me anxious
insomnia from missing my seroquel dose i missed my dose earlier this week and my mood definitely went to the upside. not full blown hypomania, but i'm happier than what i was going through before. i can't sleep more than a couple hours at a time now, even right after the seroquel. i'm wondering if my sleep will ever get back on track. hopefully this is not a mood swing thats going to end me up in depression. i also have some emergency zyprexa on hand in case i need to take it there. anyone else go through this?
just got diagnosed, need advice. hey, all. i just got diagnosed with bipolar ii, and i m not sure what to think. i always thought i was just depressed, but after going on antidepressants i began to rapidly shift from what i now know as hypomania to depression. the thing is, these shifts happen so quickly. i ll be on top of the world for an hour and suddenly feel like i want to crawl in a hole an die the next minute. i m on mood stabilizers as of yesterday, but is there anything else i can do? thanks in advance.
falling asleep itchy i have had this problem on and off for a while. itchy feeling when falling asleep. just small pinches from some random place to another. i've tried cool showers, lotions, washing bedding, new detergents, etc. at this point i think it is purely psychological, but haven't had much success trying to convince anyone it is real beyond my mind because of lack of rash or hives. anyone else have similar issues from stress or anxiety? maybe i just need to get that managed in general to relieve this.
inner monologue ah, the sweet dance of euphoria, a delicate waltz through the pristine meadows of creation, an intoxicating waltz that ignites the synapses in my mind and fuels the engines of my soul. ideas, aplenty, surge forth like an avalanche of vibrant, resplendent colors, a cascade of thoughts, a deluge of dreams. this is the manic side, the frenzied maelstrom, a storm of energy and brilliance. and then, as if the very stars themselves decided to align against my will, the tempest abates. the colors fade,
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism. today, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and lethargy. example last week, i was bursting with excitement for the future. today, i'm consumed by hopelessness and a sense of being trapped in the present. example just a few days ago, i was radiating confidence and self assurance. now, i'm wracked with self doubt and insecurity. example a week ago, i was buzzing with motivation and focus. today, i'm overwhelmed by apathy and distraction. example
example 2 'just a week ago, i was in a dark place, unable to find joy in anything. now, i'm filled with a renewed sense of hope and purpose.' example 3 'this morning, i was consumed by a deep sadness, the weight of the world on my shoulders. but now, the sun is shining and i feel a glimmer of joy, a spark of motivation.' example 4 'last night, i couldn't sleep, my mind racing with thoughts and ideas. but now, i'm exhausted, my energy depleted, and all i want to do is rest.' example 5 'i used to feel so trapped
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. here are a few more 1. 'this morning, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing with possibilities. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find meaning in anything.' 2. 'a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, producing beautiful art. now, i'm lost in a dark abyss of apathy and hopelessness.' 3. 'yesterday, i was filled with boundless enthusiasm and optimism. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair and hopelessness
does anyone else have the urge to stop taking their meds? i struggle with the urge to stop taking my meds all the time. i'm tired of the weight gain and the side effects. the anti psychotics seem to have the worst side effects. but i know if i stop taking them, i'll turn into a crazy bitch. yet, even on medication i still also struggle with impulsive sex with strangers. does anyone also still experience impulsive actions even on medication? this is something that makes me feel quite ashamed and is not healthy.
i hate being manic i don t want to be around anyone. i m having early warning signs of mania and i feel obnoxious i feel really high key and i don t want people to see me like this because it s so unlike how i normally am. i live with my partner and i feel so guilty that they have to be subjected to me when i m like this. i m lucky enough to have a job where i m able to hide it from my supervisors and i have no coworkers. my family will likely catch on soon. i just want to disappear until i feel normal again.
i stopped taking my meds and i regret it i feel really panicked. i thought they weren't working and that the side effects outweighed the benefit of taking them. i was wrong. i'm just sped up, scared for no reason. i can't stand to be apart from my so while he's at work right now. there's a knot in my throat. i couldn't remember what this felt like, and i feel so dumb for forgetting. please do me a favor and don't make the decision to stop taking your meds. at least not without a medical professional's advice.
manic phase oh, wow! today is absolutely fantastic! i can feel it in the air. the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and i'm just bursting with energy and ideas. i can't believe how much i've accomplished already this morning! i've got a to do list a mile long, but instead of feeling overwhelmed, i'm feeling invigorated. i've got this! i can conquer the world! and, you know what? i think i will. i'll make the most of every moment, seize every opportunity, and live life to the fullest. i'm unstoppable! i'm
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be consumed by a crushing sadness or a debilitating lethargy. here's an example of a brief thought that captures a mood shift in bipolar disorder just a week ago, i was brimming with confidence and productivity, tackling every project that came my way. today, however, i can barely get out of bed, engulfed by a deep sense of despair and hopelessness.
person a during a manic episode 10 00 am i have an amazing idea for a new business! i'll start a mobile food truck that specializes in gourmet sandwiches. i'll call it sandwich sensations and offer unique and delicious flavors that no one has ever tried before. i'll source all of the ingredients locally and use organic, sustainable produce. i'll have a team of talented chefs on board, and we'll travel to various cities to cater events and festivals. it's going to be huge! 11 30 am i've got it all planned out!
manic phase i've got it, i've got the idea. the solution to the world's problems, the next big thing, the future of humanity. my mind is racing a mile a minute, an intricate maze of thoughts and ideas, all interconnected, all brilliant. the energy surging through me is invigorating, electrifying. i'm unstoppable, unbeatable, unbreakable. i can feel it in my bones, the certainty, the conviction, the drive. i'm on top of the world, invincible, indomitable, irresistible. i'm the king of the universe, the master
birth control and bp medication i take 60mg lurasidone and have been taking it for over a year. i just started taking 50mg of lamotrigine and i was told it could cause my birth control to be ineffective and vice versa, that the lamotrigine could be less effective bc of the birth control. do you take lamotrigine and have you found a birth control that is effective together? or did you have to stop taking it? i m on the pill norethindrome if that helps, but i am open to the idea of trying other contraceptives.
personal reflection during a bipolar episode dear diary, it's 4 30 a.m., and i can't sleep. my mind is racing, and my thoughts are scattered like leaves in the wind. i feel an intense energy coursing through my veins, an energy that is both exhilarating and terrifying. this is the euphoric phase of my bipolar disorder, and i know all too well what comes next. i've been up for hours, pacing around the room, my heart pounding in my chest. i've tried to read, to write, to meditate, but nothing can quiet the wh
i think i m heading into depressive psychosis so i m in a depressive episode today. it s bad. i have nowhere to be so this was a good time for it. however i m trying to reach out to people to work through it and no one is responding. my delusion rn is that they all aren t responding on purpose and they want me to die. i don t know what to do. it s just me and my dog rn and i can t find my headphones so i can t take him on a walk without worrying about things getting worse because i m alone with my thoughts.
mania oh my god, i've got it! the idea, the inspiration, the spark. it's like a electric jolt, zinging through my veins, igniting every synapse, every neuron, every fiber of my being. my mind races, a thousand thoughts a minute, a whirlwind of inspiration and creativity. i feel invincible, unstoppable, unbound. this is it! this is the moment! i'll accomplish greatness, i'll change the world, i'll do the impossible. i'll make masterpieces, i'll break records, i'll shatter expectations. i'll take on the world
mania, oh mania. the elixir of life, the epitome of euphoria, the embodiment of energy. it s 3 am, and i can t sleep. my mind is a whirlwind of ideas, a torrent of inspiration, a river of creativity. i feel invincible, i feel alive, i feel like i can conquer the world. each thought that enters my head sparks another, and another, and another, a chain reaction of brilliant ideas, a waterfall of genius. i m a machine, i m unstoppable, i m unbreakable. i can do anything, i can create anything, i can accomplish
person mania i've got this great idea for a business! i'm going to revolutionize the way we communicate! we'll call it 'chat a matic'! it's going to be a revolutionary social media platform, i just know it! i've got the name, the logo, the vision, and the team to make it happen! mood shift person depression i've failed again. i can't do anything right. no one will ever understand or appreciate me or what i create. why even bother trying? i'll just go back to bed. maybe i'll sleep through the rest of my life
example 1 this morning, i felt a glimmer of hope and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed by a wave of despair and hopelessness. example 2 just an hour ago, i was lost in a creative frenzy. now, i'm stuck in a dark pit of apathy and indifference. example 3 this afternoon, i was buzzing with excitement and productivity. now, as the night falls, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and helplessness. example 4 earlier today, i was filled with clarity and focus. but now, as the evening
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity today, i'm consumed by a crushing apathy and an inability to focus. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was elated and filled with boundless energy now, i'm enveloped in a deep sadness, unable to shake the feeling of despair. example 3 this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and helplessness, unsure if i'll be able to face tomorrow. example 4
how many of you take or have taken lamictal? i ve been on lamictal for over 2 years. i started with small doses but as of august i ve been at 300 mg a day. the last couple months i ve been kind of foggy and just haven t really felt like myself. if it is my lamictal i don t understand why it s just now happening since i ve been on it for so long. it s also made my mouth kind of numb for a couple hours after i ve taken it after i moved up to about 200 mg. im curious about what other people s experiences are.
bipolar disorder can suddenly switch from a state of intense euphoria and creativity to a deep depression, leaving an individual feeling isolated and powerless. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and hopelessness.' bipolar disorder can also bring about a sudden shift from a productive and motivated state to a state of apathy and despair, leaving an individual feeling trapped and helpless.
documentary on bi polar and families do you hear voices? do you have intrusive thoughts? do you experience paranoia and or severe anxiety? do you have unexplainable visions? and, do you feel misunderstood and alone? if you or someone you know are experiencing these sensations, we d love to hear your story. we re looking for brave individuals to share their voice in a new documentary series. email us at fightstigmanow gmail.com mailto fightstigmanow gmail.com including a brief description of your situation.
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and lethargy. yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm a shell of myself, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed. yesterday, i was elated and excited about life, today i'm engulfed in a dark pit of hopelessness and apathy. yesterday, i was filled with passion and motivation. today, i'm overwhelmed by feelings of worthlessness and helplessness. yesterday
example 1 'yesterday, i was vibrant and productive today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack the energy to do even the simplest tasks.' example 2 'one moment i'm elated, feeling invincible, the next i'm plunged into a dark pit of despair, unable to see a way out.' example 3 'my moods shift like the tides, one moment i'm calm and focused, the next i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and agitation.' example 4 'one minute i'm filled with boundless creativity and motivation, the next i'm immobilized by a deep
inner monologue manic oh wow, i've got this! today is the day! the sun is rising, the birds are singing, the world is spinning, and i'm right here in the center, ready to conquer it all. ideas are rushing through my mind, faster than i can write them down. i feel invincible, unstoppable, like i'm made of iron and fire. i can't wait to attack the day, to tackle every project and problem with unyielding determination and unwavering focus. there's nothing i can't do, no goal i can't reach. i am on top of the
decade of stability here i'm just over 2 months away from my 10th anniversary of leaving a psychiatric hospital and never looking back and needing that much help. i've gone on to finally finish my bachelors degree, i am not super successful, but i would like to know if i were to kind of tell about these last years what sort of information would you find beneficial in a story like that, basically overcoming mental illness that so many people assume upon diagnosis your life is shot to shxt which isn't true.
my date told me i can't pursue this because i am not capable of handling mood disorder. so sorry. this was several days after a very nice meal was shared and it came up that one of her past boyfriends has bipolar and is was an addict to a couple of things. i am not an addict and i felt that she unfairly lumped me in with him. it's no great loss as this was only the first date, and i suppose i should be glad that it ended as swiftly as it did. just felt like getting that off my chest thank you for reading.
i have a problem with alcol so... i enjoy drinking but problem is lately i have less tolerance and get easily drunk. i don't remember anything... i have memory loss plus when i'm super drunk i flirt a lot amd would kiss anyone... like last night but really i don't remember anything.. maybe i became drunk faster because i took 2h before 450mg of lithium. and also because i drunk too fast. problem is when i sober i feel disgusted to myself and full of guilt. i feel so shameless and i just regret everything.
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a heavy fog of apathy and exhaustion. example last week, i was bursting with optimism and ambition. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and despair. example just a few days ago, i felt invincible and invigorated. now, i'm consumed by fear and anxiety, unable to leave the house. example a week ago, i was focused and determined. now, i'm disorganized and unfocused, unable to complete even the simplest tasks.
does anyone get bad cabin fever? i literally can not stay inside for longer than half a day before i feel like my mind is closing on me. 20 years ago i isolatedyself in small room for two months literally driving myself nuts physically in my head. it wasn't thoughts more about feelings in different parts of brain. it use to go away as soon as i went outside but now it's been getting worse where i have to stay outside rest of day and comes on too fast. clonazepam helps but i haven't taken it in two years.
manic wow, today was incredible! the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and i've got a million ideas racing through my head. i've accomplished so much already, and there's no end in sight. i'm on fire, i'm unstoppable. i've got this energy surging through me, a boundless, endless reservoir of enthusiasm and creativity. i can't believe how much i've achieved today. i'm the greatest. i'm invincible. depressive but then, as the sun begins to set, the wind carries with it a chill that seems to pierce my
feeling guilty starting to come down off a short manic hypomanic episode can never tell the difference and feeling guilty about the weird shit i did all week. i also tend to feel guilty when i think about how other people have it so much worse why complain. i ve never had a psychotic break or loss of reality at least i don t think i have so i tend to start to feel resentment toward myself like why feel sorry for myself other ppl have it way worse i gotta stop complaining. anyone else ever feel like this?
manic i can't believe it! i've got this! i've got ideas pouring out of me, thoughts that need to be expressed, actions that need to be taken! i feel alive, i feel energetic, i feel invincible! the world is mine for the taking, and i'm going to seize it! i'm going to make things happen! depressive but then, as quickly as it came, the mania fades, leaving behind a dark, empty void. the ideas, the thoughts, they're all gone. i'm left with nothing but an overwhelming sense of despair. the world, it seems, is
person a manic phase i've got this great idea for a business! i'll create a revolutionary product, and it will change the world. i'll be a millionaire in no time! and i'll have endless energy to make it happen! let's go, let's go, let's go! person a depressive phase i'm a failure. i can't do anything right. my business idea was stupid. i don't have what it takes. i can't get out of bed. i'm tired all the time. why bother trying? this thought pattern illustrates the extreme mood swings characteristic of b
bipolar thoughts morning i can't believe i overslept again. my alarm went off at 6 30 am, but i woke up at 10 00 am. i need to be more responsible and consistent with my routine. i'll make it up by going for a run after work. afternoon i've been feeling quite productive today. i finished two reports for work, and i even made a homemade meal for dinner tonight. i feel so accomplished and on top of things. i wonder if i should take on a new project at work. evening my energy levels are beginning to wane. i
manic state oh, wow, the day is just starting and i'm already bursting with energy! the sun is out, the birds are singing, and the world is a blank canvas waiting for me to paint my masterpiece. ideas are flooding my mind, and i can't wait to put them into action. i feel invincible, like i can conquer the world. i'm unstoppable! i'm brilliant! i'm going to make today count! transition but, wait... why does the world have to be so noisy and chaotic? the bustle of the city is starting to grate on my nerves
here we go again my therapist said i was hypomanic yesterday i don't know why she says this, as i've been feeling stable as ever lately. i am having some sleep troubles, yes, but i'm not feeling sped up or anything. i suppose i have been engaging in some reckless spending and grandiose goal directed behavior but that's about it. i mean, it's possible, but i'm not getting the buzzing i usually do when i'm hypo. is it possible to be hypomanic and not be aware of it? i usually am which is the strange thing.
example 1 'yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm engulfed in a dark pit of despair, unable to find motivation or joy.' example 2 'this morning, i was filled with hope and optimism, but now, as the day wears on, i'm slipping into a depressive episode, feeling hopeless and helpless.' example 3 'i was in a manic state last night, racing with ideas and energy, but now, in the quiet of the morning, i'm crashing, feeling heavy and drained.' example 4 'i was stuck in a deep
meds while pregnant? i'm 28f and my so and i are at the point where marriage is likely and then kids. it sort of hit me the other day, and i can't find a definitive answer anywhere online, do you have to completely come off all mental health medications when pregnant? right now i take a handful lamictal, cymbalta, ativan, and trazodone , bp2. i just know if i have to get off them... well, i'd likely be dead in a month, it's nasty. i don't believe i could do that. does it just depend what ones you're on?
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm enshrouded in a heavy fog, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. or, just a few hours ago, i was elated, feeling unstoppable. now, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to see a way out. or, this morning, i felt invincible, ready to tackle any challenge. now, i'm overwhelmed by exhaustion and despair, unsure if i have the strength to keep going. remember, these thought shifts are a normal part of bipolar disorder and can vary
example yesterday, i was brimming with creative ideas and energy. today, i'm trapped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. example yesterday, i felt invincible, unstoppable. today, i'm overwhelmed by despair, every small task a mountain to climb. example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of productivity and excitement. today, i'm paralyzed by apathy and indecision. example yesterday, i was bursting with confidence and determination. today, i'm plagued by self doubt and hopelessness.
manic state ideas racing through my mind, a symphony of thought, a cacophony of possibilities. i can do it all, create it all, be it all. my energy is limitless, my motivation unwavering. each moment a gift, each experience a treasure. i can't help but feel a sense of euphoria, a sense of invincibility. i am on top of the world, a force to be reckoned with. i am unstoppable. depressive state but then, the shift. the tide turning, the colors fading. my energy, once limitless, now depleted. my motivation,
help! acne from lithium i've never had acne or problems with my skin. since taking lithium though, i have a lot of acne and pimples. my entire skin care routine has always been just a face cleanser origins that i use when i shower. i'm going to start washing my face in the morning and at night but i'm wondering if i should add additional products. anyone else get bad acne from taking lithium? did it go away with time? did you find a skin care routine that works? share your products and secrects please!
unable to stop talking to myself any ideas experiences? hey all i know this has come up on here before, but i find that particularly in times of anxiety, i cannot stop myself from saying things out loud. they aren't even my thoughts, necessarily they're just parts of conversations, random sentences, etc. i sound insane. i'm at home for the holidays and it's starting to confuse my family, who don't know about my diagnosis. what have your experiences with this been? has anything in particular helped you?
manic phase i can't believe it! the ideas are coming in faster than i can write them down. my mind is a whirlwind of innovation, of breakthroughs, of possibilities. i am on top of the world, invincible, unstoppable. i can do anything, create anything, accomplish anything. i'm unstoppable, unbeatable, untouchable. i'm the master of my universe, and it's mine for the taking. i've got this energy, this excitement, this zest for life that's burning brighter than ever before. i'm alive! i'm alive! i'm alive
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'living with bipolar feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster, one moment soaring with unbridled joy, the next plummeting into the depths of despair.' example 3 'one moment, i'm laughing uncontrollably at life's absurdities, the next, i'm crying uncontrollably over the weight of the world.' example 4 'bipolar disorder is a dance between mania and melancholy, a constant flux of extreme emotions.' example 5 'bipolar is
example 1 yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and optimism. today, i'm consumed by despair and hopelessness. example 2 last week, i was elated and productive. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed and facing intense sadness and apathy. example 3 just a few days ago, i was engulfed in a manic frenzy. now, i'm experiencing a crushing depression and an inability to focus. example 4 yesterday, i felt unstoppable, filled with grand plans and boundless energy. today, i'm overwhelmed by a debilitating
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. example 2 lately, i've been living in a whirlwind of excitement and mania. suddenly, i'm hit with a crushing wave of sadness and despair. example 3 one moment i'm engrossed in a project, the next i can't bring myself to care about anything, let alone complete a simple task. example 4 the world was a vibrant, colorful place just a few hours ago. now, it's shrouded
person a manic phase i've had this amazing idea for a new business, and i'm going to make it big! i'll be a millionaire by this time next year! i'll work day and night, and i won't sleep until i've turned this idea into a reality! person a depressive phase i can't believe i ever thought that idea was any good. it was a foolish, reckless thought. i'll never make it big, i'll never be successful. i'll never be good enough. i might as well just give up now and wallow in my failure. i can't get out of bed
free mood tracking habit apps hey guys, i m looking for a new app to use. i ve been using habitica which is fun af makes tasks into a kinda game and you level up your character etc but found this isn t as helpful, as you can t track your mood or feelings which is obvs important to us. i wonder, is there an app that helps with habits and mood? i have limited storage and can t afford a new phone rn, so two apps takes up a lot of room as opposed to one thanks in advance and look forward to your responses
person a manic phase i've got this incredible idea for a business! i'll make millions! i don't need any sleep, food, or rest. my mind is racing with potential and possibilities! everything is so exciting! later that day person a depressive phase i'm a failure. my business idea was stupid. i can't even keep up with simple tasks. i should just give up. i'm worthless. i can't do anything right. i can't get out of bed. i can't eat. i don't want to live. this thought cycle is common in individuals with bip
different experiences i got diagnosed as bipolar and it s been really difficult seeing other people online who have had different experiences than me with it. it kind of makes me feel like mine isn t real or that i m making it up somehow. its hard to see the person i am when i m manic as me. this all makes sticking to meds a challenge. i know i ll just end up talking to a wall by myself in a psych ward without them, but all of this makes it really hard to follow through. has anyone else felt this way?
manic oh, today is the day! the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and the world is mine for the taking. ideas are flooding my mind, and i can't keep up. i've got so many projects to start, so many goals to achieve, and i'm filled with an energy that's indescribable. i'm unstoppable! i can do anything! i'm on top of the world! depressive but what's the point of all this energy and motivation when it seems like the world is against me? the sun that was once shining now feels like a blinding glare,
me looking at the mirror, smiling i feel so alive today, like i can conquer the world! i'm going to paint, write, cook...i'll make this day truly unforgettable. dials number for favorite restaurant hello, would you be able to reserve a table for two tonight at seven? i'd like to celebrate my renewed energy and creativity. as the phone rings, the mood starts to shift me hesitates, then frowns oh, no...what was i thinking? i can't afford that place. i should just cancel and cook at home. phone call ends
example 1 yesterday, i was filled with motivation and creativity today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic frenzy, but now i'm crashing, feeling empty and exhausted. example 3 this morning, i woke up feeling invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking into a deep sadness and helplessness. example 4 i was elated and productive this afternoon, but now i'm stuck in a pit of apath
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in a fog of despair and lethargy. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was bursting with enthusiasm and optimism. now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and an overwhelming sense of hopelessness. example 3 this morning, i felt invigorated and focused, ready to tackle any challenge. now, i'm drowning in a sea of anxiety and self doubt. example 4 earlier today, i was filled with excitement and anticipation. now, i'm
person 1 depressed state i can't get out of bed today. the world is a grey blur, and i can't find the energy to do anything. i can't even bring myself to eat. it's like my body is stuck in neutral, and i'm just coasting along, waiting for something to jolt me back to life. person 1 manic state wait a minute, i've got this! i've got more energy than i know what to do with! i've got a thousand ideas racing through my head, and i can't sit still for a second! i need to do something, anything! let's bake
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with optimism and creativity. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair and apathy. example 2 this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invigorated. now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and worthlessness. example 3 i used to be a fiery, passionate person, always ready for a good debate or a creative project. but now, i'm numb and disconnected, unable to feel anything deeply. example 4 one moment, i'm soaring high above
example 1 yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm consumed by a heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. example 2 one moment i'm elated, filled with joy and laughter. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, feeling like there's no escape from my dark thoughts. example 3 this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic. now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by anxiety and self doubt, unsure of my abilities or worth. example 4 i was soaring high on a wave
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm overwhelmed and unable to focus, as if a thick fog has descended. my mood swings like a pendulum, one moment manic and energized, the next depressed and lethargic. bipolar disorder is like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, one moment you're soaring high, the next plummeting low. the highs of mania are euphoric and exhilarating, but the lows of depression are debilitating and crushing. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, one moment you
person a manic i can't believe it! i've just come up with the most incredible idea for a business. it's going to revolutionize the industry. i'll make millions! i'll hire employees, build a factory, travel the world! i don't need sleep, i'll work around the clock to make it happen! later that day person a depressed i can't believe it. that stupid idea, it's never going to work. i'll never be good enough to make it happen. no one would want to work for me. i'll never make any money, i'll be a failure.
spiritual or mental illness do you guys think the condition we live in its the punishment we get from our deeds because the person we became after the mental illness feels like been in a prison or some kind of torture i used to be so good managing all the things studies,work, relationships, caring myself and others and now can't even manage myself staying all day doing nothing. job, reputation, loved ones, are all gone . i tried so many times to make myself better but end up the same depressed person
example 1 this morning, i felt the familiar spark of creativity and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of sadness and exhaustion. example 2 just hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic frenzy of productivity. now, i'm curled up in bed, too tired and disoriented to function. example 3 the elation of mania has given way to the despair of depression. i'm lost in a sea of hopelessness and self doubt. example 4 the highs of mania are fleeting, and the lows of depression
example 1 just a week ago, i was overflowing with creativity and productivity now, i'm paralyzed by exhaustion and apathy. example 2 one moment i'm elated, bursting with joy and excitement, the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find my way back. example 3 i've gone from feeling invincible and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge, to feeling fragile and vulnerable, unable to face even the simplest tasks. example 4 yesterday, i was filled with a sense of calm and clarity, today, i
example 1 'living with bipolar feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one day i'm soaring high, the next day i'm crashing hard.' example 2 'the sun was shining, and i felt alive, invincible even, but now the clouds have rolled in, and i'm left feeling lost and helpless.' example 3 'i was engulfed in a creative firestorm, ideas flowing freely, but now i'm stuck in a mire of hopelessness and despair.' example 4 'bipolar disorder is a dance between mania and depression, a waltz of extremes, where
person a manic phase wow, i've got this! i'm going to accomplish so much today. i'm going to write that book, start that business, and become a world renowned speaker. and i'll have it all done by the end of the day! i don't need sleep, i don't need food, i don't need anything but my brilliant ideas and the energy to bring them to life! person a depressive phase i can't do anything. i can't even get out of bed. everything is pointless and hopeless. why bother trying? i'll never be good enough, i'll
manic phase i've got this! i can do anything! today is going to be amazing. i've got a million ideas racing through my head, and i'm going to conquer them all. i'm going to tackle my to do list with a vengeance, and by the end of the day, i'll have made significant progress on every project. my energy is limitless, my mind is sharp, and i'm unstoppable. i'm going to call my friends, i'm going to exercise, i'm going to write, i'm going to create. today is the day i finally get it all together, and i
bipolar disorder's mood swings are like a roller coaster ride, one moment you're soaring high with unbridled enthusiasm, the next plunging into a deep pit of despair. alternatively bipolar disorder's mood shifts are like a stormy sea, one moment calm and serene, the next turbulent and chaotic. another example bipolar disorder's mood swings are like a pendulum, one moment swinging manically towards elation, the next crashing heavily into depression. or, for a more poetic take bipolar disorder's mood
won't be seen for an assessment until sober had a urgent referral to the mh team uk from gp. mental health workers at gp and mh team said strongly suspected bp2. my referral to the diagnostic team was turned down due to alcoholism presumably as the symptoms could overlap? have been put on a waiting list for dbt and need to keep a mood diary for 3 weeks not sure if this is normal ? i am seeking help to quit drinking, sometimes i feel i have no control over using it to self medicate. please be kind.
in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder, one moment can be an exhilarating burst of creativity and productivity, while the next can be a crushing weight of despair and exhaustion. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. but as the hours passed, my mood shifted, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless.' in the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder, one moment can be a wave of elation and motivation, while the next can be a crash of sadness and lethargy.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has taken a dark turn, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair and hopelessness. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded, replaced by a monochromatic palette of gray and black. i can no longer find joy in the simple pleasures of life, and even the most basic tasks seem insurmountable. the exhaustion that once fueled my creativity and drive has now left me feeling empty and drained, as if all the energy has been sucked from my very being.
manic i've got it! the idea that's going to change the world. my mind is a whirlwind of creativity, bursting at the seams with new inventions, philosophies, art, literature. i've tasted success in my dreams, felt the thrill of the world's approval. i've cracked the code of the universe, and now i'll show everyone. i'll write, i'll paint, i'll build, i'll speak, i'll inspire. my energy is boundless, i can do anything, accomplish anything, create anything. i'll be a beacon, a leader, a visionary. i
one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm paralyzed by despair and unable to focus. bipolar disorder the rollercoaster ride of emotions, from euphoric highs to crushing lows in an instant. just when i thought i'd reached new heights, bipolar disorder plunged me into the depths of despair. bipolar disorder the unpredictable dance of mood swings, from ecstatic joy to profound sadness. bipolar disorder a storm of emotions, from calm clarity to chaotic turmoil. bipolar disorder the emotional
bipolar thought process euphoric mania i've got this great idea! it's revolutionary, groundbreaking, and it will change the world! i just need to put in a little effort and it will be mine. i'm the best person for this, i've got the creativity, the drive, and the intelligence. i don't need to plan or prepare, i'll just do it! crash, descending into depression i can't do it. i'm not good enough. i can't even get out of bed, let alone change the world. what was i thinking? this is pointless, worth
lithium how has it affected your creativity and sexual prowess? not sure whether i should switch medicines. i don t feel as creative. i don t feel excited about life, but this seems to be getting better. i feel slow in my head or like something is fuzzy. i also noticed my erections are not as firm, nor as easy to achieve and maintain. similar to when i was on abilify, i noticed the length of my erections are shorter too. is there anyway around this? the therapist suggested asking for wellbutrin.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism. today, i'm consumed by a heavy fog of despair and hopelessness. another example just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic frenzy. now, i'm crashing, feeling numb and disconnected from the world. example this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the day. now, i'm curled up in bed, unable to face the world, overwhelmed by sadness and exhaustion. example a few days ago, i was bursting with productivity and focus. now, i'm
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair. here are some more examples 1. just a few hours ago, i was laughing and joking with friends. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day. 2. this morning, i felt invincible, ready to tackle any challenge. now, i'm trembling with anxiety, unsure if i can even make it through the day. 3. last night, i was filled with passion and excitement. now, i'm
mania ideas rushing, a torrential storm in my head. energy pulsing through my veins, a wild beast clawing at the bars of my consciousness. i can't contain it, can't keep up with the surge of creativity, the boundless energy. i'm on top of the world, invincible, invulnerable. nothing can touch me, not the past, not the present, not the future. i'm a force to be reckoned with, a beacon of light, a maelstrom of inspiration. depression but then, the mania subsides, and the depression takes hold. i'm
person a monday, 10 00 am i wake up feeling good, productive and full of energy. i can already feel the day is going to be amazing. i start my work on a new project with a clear mind and an unstoppable spirit. tuesday, 1 00 pm however, tuesday afternoon arrives and my energy levels drop dramatically. my thoughts become clouded, and i struggle to focus. my mood turns sour, and i find myself constantly second guessing my decisions and doubting my abilities. tuesday, 6 00 pm i attempt to shake off
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'this morning, i was lost in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, the darkness has enveloped me, and i can barely muster the energy to get out of bed.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from manic heights to depressive depths. example 3 'i was in the grip of a manic frenzy, a frenzy of ideas, of energy, of excitement. now, the world is gray and lifeless, and all i want to do is sleep.' bip
bipolar thoughts 1. morning i'm going to conquer the world today! i've got so many ideas, projects, and goals. i'm going to make a difference and leave a mark! 2. afternoon what was i thinking this morning? i'm exhausted, and all those goals seem impossible now. maybe i'm just not capable of achieving anything significant. 3. evening actually, it's not that i'm incapable it's just that i need a break. tomorrow is a new day, and i'll have renewed energy and motivation. today, i'll just relax and
example yesterday, i felt alive with creativity and productivity today, i'm trapped in a fog of apathy and exhaustion. example just a few hours ago, i was elated and filled with possibility now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and despair. example this morning, i was vibrant and focused now, i'm consumed by anxiety and fear. example this afternoon, i was calm and content now, i'm engulfed in a wave of mania and restlessness. example earlier today, i was grounded and clear headed now, i'm lost in a m
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, filled with creative energy and boundless enthusiasm. the next moment, you might feel overwhelmed, helpless, and trapped in a deep, dark depression. a shift in mood can be sudden and unexpected, leaving you feeling disoriented and uncertain. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, taking you to the heights of euphoria and the depths of despair within the span of days or even hours.
what do you do to help with taking meds? i ll go first i take my meds at night. i have a 10 section pill box where i pre cut my blister packs into individual portions and put them into the sections, which i stick a small blank sticker on top of each section of the pill box on the sticker i write the date next to the day of the week. so for example 24 fri or 26 sat so on and so forth. this way i know at a glance whether i ve taken the pills for the day or not or whether i ve missed a day of meds
person mania i've got this amazing idea! i'm going to start my own business, create a revolutionary product, and become a millionaire! i'll work around the clock, sleep when i'm dead! i'm unstoppable! person depression silence person depression, after a while i can't do it. i can't even get out of bed. everything is pointless. i'll never amount to anything. i might as well give up now. person mania, interrupting hey, remember that business idea i had? we can totally make it happen! just imagine
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. here are a few more 1. this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i can't even get out of bed. 2. one moment i was laughing at a silly joke, the next i was tears and couldn't explain why. 3. yesterday, i saw the beauty in every detail of the world. today, it all looks gray and dull. 4. from exhilarating highs to debilitating lows, bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions. 5. the sun shines bright
person 1 mania phase wow, i've got so many brilliant ideas today! i'm going to start a business, write a novel, learn a new language, and become an expert in astronomy. i can't wait to implement all these plans! person 1 depression phase but what's the point? none of these ideas matter. i'll never be able to accomplish any of them. why even try? i'm just a failure. person 1 mania phase oh, come on! don't think like that! i've got the energy and inspiration. i can do it all! person 1 depression
just started latuda any advice or experiences you could share? diagnosed bp2, have just been prescribed latuda and am after any advice or experiences with it. i was on a mix of lamotrogine, seroquel and zyprexa but i was getting the worst drug hangover to the point where i could barely get to work in the morning. is there anything similar with latuda i should be aware of? i've also just started dexamfetamine for adhd and if anyone has any experience with that as well i'd love to hear about it.
those of you who experience auditory hallucinations, what coping mechanisms do you use? i have bipolar with psychotic features. this displays as auditory hallucinations and delusional thoughts. sometimes playing white noise will help with the hallucinations since they're mostly quiet whispers or something like hearing a radio in another room. they've been louder than usual here lately, and the white noise isn't helping as much. do you all have any suggestions for a situation like that? thanks.
example last week, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, i'm stuck in a fog of indecision and apathy. example just a few days ago, i was filled with hope and optimism. now, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of despair and hopelessness. example yesterday, i was buzzing with excitement and plans for the future. today, i'm paralyzed by anxiety and doubt. example a week ago, i was bursting with confidence and self assurance. now, i'm plagued by self doubt and insecurity.
manic mode ideas are sparking, synapses firing at a dizzying pace. i've got it, the solution to the problem. this project will be a masterpiece, a game changer. i've got the energy of a hundred suns, i can't be stopped! i'll make calls, send emails, brainstorm, create, execute, everything. the world is my oyster, and i'm opening it with a fierce determination. no obstacle too great, no challenge insurmountable. i'll juggle ten tasks at once, and i'll succeed at all of them. depressive mode but
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and profound mood swings, leaving a person feeling disconnected from their own emotions. one moment, they may be filled with joy, creativity, and energy the next, they may be overwhelmed by sadness, exhaustion, and despair. 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day with passion and purpose. but now, as evening approaches, i'm enveloped in a dark and heavy sadness, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming fog of lethargy and despair. example lately, i've been riding a manic wave of euphoria and productivity. now, i'm sinking into a depressive abyss, unable to find motivation or joy. example just a few days ago, i felt invincible, brimming with ideas and energy. now, i'm paralyzed by despair, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything. example a week ago, i was soaring on a wave of mania,
person a in a manic state why not start a business? i'll be the next mark zuckerberg! i'll work 24 7, sleep only when necessary, and my ideas will change the world. i'll take out a huge loan, quit my job, and pour every penny i have into this project. i'll make millions and become a billionaire! switch to a depressive state why did i even think i could do that? i'm a complete failure. i'll never be able to pay off that loan. i'll lose everything. no one wants to hear my ideas, and i can't even
manic phase i've got it, you know? this elusive, magical key to life. i've cracked the code. i'm unstoppable, invincible. a force to be reckoned with. the energy within me is electric, vibrant, alive. it surges through my veins, fueling every thought, every word, every action. i'm a whirlwind of ideas, a tornado of creativity, a blizzard of productivity. i'm the master of my own universe, and it's mine to conquer. there's nothing i can't do, no mountain too high, no challenge insurmountable. i
example 1 yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm trapped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic excitement, planning and creating. now, i'm crashing, feeling empty and lifeless. example 3 this morning, i felt invincible, ready to take on the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a depressive haze, unable to find joy in anything. example 4 i was elated and productive yesterday, but
example 1 yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was elated, my mind buzzing with possibilities. now, i'm consumed by a crushing depression, unable to see a future worth living. example 3 this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of anxiety and doubt, unsure if i can even get out of bed tomorrow.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity today, i'm ensnared by the heavy fog of apathy and despair. living with bipolar disorder is like riding an emotional rollercoaster one day, i'm soaring high with boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm plummeting into the depths of hopelessness. bipolar disorder the constant dance between euphoria and anguish. bipolar disorder's cruel twist a heart full of passion one moment, a soul heavy with sadness the next. bipolar disorder a whirlwind
mania ideas! so many ideas, swirling around in my head, electric sparks igniting the synapses, racing thoughts exploding in vibrant colors! i'm on top of the world, a supernova of energy and creativity, unstoppable, invincible! this is the high, the peak of mania. i'm a force of nature, untamed, wild, and free. i'm invincible, unbreakable, and nothing can touch me. depression but then, the mania fades, and in its place, a darkness seeps in. the vibrant colors become muted, the racing thoughts
help i want to be off med i am in first year uni and was diagnosed bipolar i in november after hospitalization for a manic episode. i am just in the first months of treatment and my meds make me feel awful. i feel nothing compared to what i used to. everything feels grey and worthless. i d rather be depressed than this empty. does it get better? will my symptoms like sedation and nausea from meds improve? i am tempted to just stop taking the medication and try and deal with it all on my own.
manic oh wow, today is going to be incredible! i've got all these ideas swirling in my head, each one more brilliant than the last. i've got the energy of a thousand suns and i can't wait to tackle all the projects on my list. i'm going to make today count, i'm going to make a difference, i'm going to be unstoppable! pauses, takes a deep breath, starts to tire depressed but then, as the day goes on, the ideas start to lose their luster. the energy fades, and all that's left is an empty void.
bipolar disorder can suddenly switch from intense elation to profound sadness, leaving one feeling disconnected from reality and struggling to find their footing. example 2 'i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, overflowing with inspiration and passion. now, i'm stuck in a dark corner, consumed by hopelessness and despair.' bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can swiftly shift one's emotional landscape, leaving them feeling both euphoric and devastated within a matter of days, even hours.
hypomanic? lately i ve been wondering if i have been hypomanic have been spending so much money, mostly on my 16 new hobbies i have picked up for my new life transformation, have lost a lot of weight due to my new life transformation , and never want to sleep because there s just so much to do!!! too much excitement! and i just caught myself laying in bed for the last 4 hours thinking about making a youtube channel and becoming fitness guru lifestyle coach lt lt lt lt lt lt me affff lmaooooo
bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, from manic highs to deep lows. these shifts can feel like a roller coaster ride, leaving individuals feeling helpless, isolated, and uncertain about their emotional landscape. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder's emotional ups and downs can make daily life a challenging journey, but with proper treatment and support, individuals with bipolar disorder can find stability and live fulfilling lives.
example last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and inspiration. today, i can't focus on anything, and even simple tasks feel overwhelming. another example just a few days ago, i was lost in a dark depression, unable to find joy in anything. now, i'm filled with excitement and energy, ready to take on the world. these shifts can happen quickly or gradually, and they can vary in intensity. the key is to capture the sense of change, and how it affects daily life.
example 1 yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed and can't seem to focus on anything. example 2 just a few hours ago, i was elated and filled with joy. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and despair. example 3 this morning, i felt invincible and invigorated. now, i'm overwhelmed by anxiety and doubt, unsure if i can face the day. example 4 yesterday, i was lost in a manic frenzy of activity. today, i'm crashing, feeling exhausted
what do u guys do on nights you can t sleep but are trying not to let anyone know your awake? i live in a one bedroom apartment with my father. in the past when he finds out i couldn t sleep he jumps to conclusions that i m not ok, or manic, etc. i want to keep his sleeping function cause he s a human and deserves it, also busts his ass at work all day everyday. so my question is, any ideas of time killers at like 3 6am that are quite? btw i live with bipolar rapid cycling thanks in advance
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that include emotional highs manic episodes and lows depressive episodes . these shifts can be rapid or gradual and can significantly impact an individual's daily life, relationships, and overall well being. the emotional turbulence and instability of bipolar disorder can leave those experiencing it feeling isolated, helpless, and overwhelmed, yet also euphoric, creative, and productive during manic episodes.
yesterday, i was elated, my thoughts racing with excitement and creativity. today, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog, every action requiring herculean effort. yesterday, i felt invincible, my mood soaring with limitless energy. today, i'm encased in a heavy silence, my thoughts sluggish and my energy drained. yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of productivity and focus. today, i'm stuck in a quagmire of indecision and lethargy. yesterday, i was a symphony of joy and positivity. today, i'm
example 1 'yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair.' example 2 'yesterday, i was engulfed by a wave of manic excitement. today, i'm overwhelmed by crushing sadness and hopelessness.' example 3 'yesterday, i was focused and productive, tackling every task with gusto. today, i'm paralyzed by indecision and inertia.' example 4 'yesterday, i was elated and full of life, my mind racing with possibilities. today, i'm we
example yesterday, i was overflowing with creativity and productivity. today, i'm buried under an avalanche of apathy and lethargy. example yesterday, i felt invincible, capable of taking on any challenge. today, i'm paralyzed by fear and self doubt. example yesterday, i was filled with joy and contentment. today, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of sadness and despair. example yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i'm struggling just to get out of bed. example yesterday, i
person a manic state wow, today is going to be the most productive day ever! i've got a million ideas, the energy to accomplish them all, and a smile that could light up the entire world! let's get to work! later in the day, while trying to execute on one of the ideas person a wait a minute... why does this task seem so complicated? i thought i had it all figured out. why can't i focus? why am i so tired all of a sudden? what's wrong with me? slipping into a depressive state person a i can
person 1 manic episode oh wow, i've got this amazing idea for a business! i'll quit my job, sell my house, and invest all my savings into this venture. i'll work 24 7, and it will be a massive success! person 1 depressive episode i can't believe i ever thought that idea was good. it was just another foolish delusion. i can't even get out of bed, let alone start a business. i'm a failure. i should just give up. person 1 hypomanic episode i've been thinking about art lately, and i've come up
manic i've got it! the idea, the plan, the solution to all my problems, and maybe, just maybe, the solution to the world's problems. the energy coursing through me is invigorating, electric. i can't sit still, my thoughts racing, my heart pounding. i feel alive, alive in a way i haven't felt in years. i'm on top of the world, invincible, unstoppable. i can't wait to share my idea with the world, to make a difference, to leave a mark. depressive but what if it's all just in my head? what if
geodon questions for anyone taking geodon what dose are you taking? did you start at that dose or slowly raise? do you take twice a day? i'm taking 80 now. i'm not sleeping very good and when i wake up, i'm so groggy and feel horrible! can't go to sleep, can barely keep eyes open but also wierdly restless. did anyone have similar experiences when starting? been taking for 18 days and 3rd day on 80. couldn't get to sleep until 4am and up at 9am. just now barely starting to function. thanks!
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling both ecstatic and devastated in the blink of an eye. example 2 'one moment, i was lost in the joy of creating something beautiful, the next, i was consumed by a dark pit of despair and self doubt.' in bipolar disorder, a sudden transition from creative inspiration to crippling self doubt and despair can occur, leaving one feeling both elated and hopeless in the span of a breath.
friendships i keep getting into fights with my closest friends and it's almost like i can't help it. i always start them and i always say sorry earnestly after. they know i'm bipolar. my two closest friends aren't talking to me right now and i don't wanna be lonely for the rest of my life. i'm just wondering if y'all can give tips on maintaining close friendships. i'm bipolar 1 btw, not fully stable yet, i'm manic right now and i'm on lamictal and abilify. was diagnosed almost a year ago.
i feel very vanilla it feels like i missed a manic episode and went straight to dissociation after the holiday blues. amp x200b work is boring and long and stressful, which makes my free time essentially the same since i feel a responsibility to make the good times count, or whatever. amp x200b i don't know, i just feel like i am in a rut that grows more like a valley with each passing day. amp x200b i didn't really have any intentions with this post, i just felt the need to say my peace.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism. today, i'm ensnared by a thick fog of despair and lethargy. just a few hours ago, i was elated and productive. now, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of sadness and apathy. one moment i was laughing and feeling alive, the next i was engulfed by a dark pit of depression and hopelessness. this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, i'm unable to get out of bed, trapped in the depths of a debilitating low mood. i was
mania ideas are pouring in at an alarming rate, my mind racing a thousand miles per hour. i can't contain this excitement, this burst of energy. i'm unstoppable. i'm unbeatable. i'm invincible. i can't wait to start, to create, to make something of myself. the world is my canvas, and i am the artist. i'm on top of the world, and i'm never coming down. transition but wait, there's a shift, a subtle change in the atmosphere. the brightness fades, the colors dull. the ideas slow, then stall,
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and full of life. the next moment, you might feel hopeless, worthless, and unable to get out of bed. here's a brief thought that captures a mood shift in bipolar disorder this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world, my ideas flowing like a river. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, feeling small and insignificant in the vastness of the universe.
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of lethargy and despair. example living with bipolar feels like riding a rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring through the air, feeling invincible. the next, i'm plummeting into the depths of despair. example bipolar is a tempestuous sea, with waves of mania and depression crashing against my soul. today, the tide has turned, and i'm drowning in a storm of sadness. example
despite the excitement and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense feelings of sadness and hopelessness during depressive episodes. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive, ready to tackle the day. but as the hours passed, the joy faded, leaving me with an unshakable sense of despair.' thought 'bipolar disorder can make you soar to new heights during manic episodes, only to plunge into the depths of despair during depressive ones.
how quick did your medication begin working for you? i began taking lamotrogine 15 days ago and i've been looking for any changes i've seen in myself ever since then. i notice that i do feel a little more disciplined or maybe even stable but i'm unsure whether or not i'm just having a good week or it's the medication. my doctor said i would likely feel a difference in four weeks so i'm keeping that in mind but i just wanted to see what everyone else's experience with the medication was.
mania oh my god, i can't believe it! i've got it, the idea, the solution, the breakthrough! my heart races, my thoughts gallop, i'm a whirlwind of creativity and energy. the sun rises anew in the depths of my soul, bathing every cell in the brilliant light of inspiration. i can do it all, plan it all, execute it all. the world around me fades into insignificance, a mere backdrop to my magnificent inner symphony. i am on the cusp of greatness. i am unstoppable. depression but what if i'm
manic oh, wow! look at me go! ideas pouring in from every corner, the world a canvas of endless potential. the sun rises a little brighter, the air a little lighter. i'm on top of the world! there's a spring in my step, a pep in my speech. my mind races, a frenzied symphony of thoughts and plans, a whirlwind of inspiration. i am invincible, unstoppable, unbreakable. depressive but what goes up, must come down. and as quickly as it came, the mania fades, leaving me to crater in its wake
mania i am on fire, an unquenchable inferno, an unstoppable force. i am invincible, indomitable, and indestructible. the world is my oyster, and i hold the pearl of life in the palm of my hand. the ideas flow like a mighty river, filling me up, propelling me forward, giving me the strength to conquer the universe. i am invincible, an unstoppable force, a superhero with the power to change the world. i am unbeatable, unbreakable, and unstoppable. depression but then, the world starts to
anyone type 2 and in a long term, healthy relationship? i just had a manic episode with my new boyfriend. granted we started out as friends but still, i feel i m not compatible with anyone. i was off my medications for a solid week or two and i felt myself going off the rails. i got mad at him for things i still can t even understand, i was pushing him away like i would during a manic episodes. no emotions. impulsive. quick to end it all and move on. anyways, i d really like feed back.
mania i've got this! i've cracked the code, the secret to life, the answer to all existence. ideas flood my mind, each one more brilliant than the last. my heart races with excitement, every breath is an adrenaline rush. i can accomplish anything, i'm invincible, unstoppable, indomitable. the world is my playground, and i'm the star player. i'm in control, i'm the master of my destiny, i'm... i'm unbeatable! depression but what if i'm not? what if i'm just an insignificant speck in the
bipolar disorder one moment, elated and alive the next, lost in the depths of despair. bipolar mood swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows in the blink of an eye. bipolar disorder riding the rollercoaster of emotions, from manic excitement to depressive hopelessness. bipolar moods sunny skies turn stormy in an instant, leaving a trail of unpredictability. bipolar disorder one moment, a creative genius the next, a hopeless shell, struggling to find meaning. bipolar disorder a dance
do you have a feeling of waiting? i don't work, don't contact people for months and barely leave home. sometimes there is a feeling that something good and is about to happen in the near future and i get very excited and happy nervous. i know that nothing beyond ordinary is not going to happen yet it's hard to fall asleep and just do whatever i do during the day because that mysterious something is about to happen! but after some time i stop feeling that. do you get this kind of thing?
person manic phase i've got this brilliant idea for a business! i'm going to revolutionize the industry, make millions, buy a yacht, and travel the world! i'll work 24 7 to make it happen! sleep? that's for the weak! dips into depressive phase i'm a failure. i'll never be able to pull off that business idea. no one believes in me. i'm not cut out for this world. i'll never be able to afford a yacht, or even a decent car. i'm a disappointment to my family. i should just give up. returns
this reflection could be a journal entry or a letter to a loved one describing the experience. title shattered pieces a bipolar reflection date january 15, 2023 dear beloved, the sun has set, yet the sky burns with an ethereal, electric hue. it's a contradiction tranquility veiled in chaos, beauty cloaked in madness. i can feel the euphoria coursing through my veins, igniting a wild dance of thoughts and emotions. my mind, an unruly beast, refuses to be tamed. lost in the labyrinth of
how to find success starting a new job with bipolar disorder? i just accepted a job offer yesterday for a new job i will be starting in a couple of weeks. this will be my first adult, full time job so i'm feeling pretty excited and a little nervous at the same time. i wanted to reach out and ask if anyone has any tips when it comes to starting a new job for people on the bipolar spectrum since we face unique challenges. how have you found success? what do you wish you did differently?
does anyone experience rage regarding silly things? i ve spoken in detail about feeling angry to my therapist and find that i have no idea how to express anger which leads me into the rages about things that piss me off. the issue for me is i don t express my anger outwardly, i m just boiling inside. like raging so much i feel like i could rip through a wall and it takes me sometimes days to pass and an ungodly amount of energy to expel the feelings. does anyone else experience this?
sex repulsion after months of lamictal anyone else lose their desire to be sexually intimate after being on lamictal for a prolonged period of time? i m taking 300mg a day. it helps stabilize my mood for the most part, but now i have literally no desire to have sex or get near people. i do not watch pornography nor do i masturbate. i wonder if i am just realizing that i could be potentially asexual, or repulsed by my past acts of hypersexuality when my condition was going untreated??
i m so tired of being a disabled parent. i wish this were ever easy. i m currently tearing up because i m bedridden with severe asthma and i can t look after my daughter alone her father is with her supervising . i don t know what i d do if i were alone with her. i might die in the middle of the night trying to prepare things for her. it s so scary and depressing. i wish i had a normal life. normal physical wellness, mental wellness... but now i end up feeling like a terrible mother.
do you guys ever get stuck in quiet mode i ve noticed in moments of high emotional stress i start to become unable to speak, words are flowing through my head and i feel stuck and just can t get myself to open my mouth to speak, sometimes i am just like that until i m able to force myself to speak again, but i ve noticed it s been getting really bad recently in my current relationship and i m looking to see if this is a common problem for bipolar or if it s something else causing it
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, brimming with creativity and energy. the next, you could be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to focus or find joy in anything. here's a possible thought capture 'just hours ago, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of inspiration, tackling projects with fervor and enthusiasm. now, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair, each task insurmountable, every thought a burden.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound, leaving you feeling like you've been transported to a different world. one moment you're elated and productive, the next you're overwhelmed and unable to function. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality. for example 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to take on the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that i can't seem to shake.
person a manic phase i've got this idea! it's revolutionary, groundbreaking, and it's going to change the world! i'll be a millionaire, a celebrity, the best thing to ever happen to humanity! let's do it, let's go! no time to sleep, no time to rest, we need to make this happen now! person a depressive phase, a few hours later why even try? nothing i do matters, i'll never be good enough, i can't change the world, i'm a failure, i'm worthless. there's no point in going on, i might as
do you find even medicated bipolar is draining mentally and physically? what the topic title says. i find this to be the most debilitating illness i've ever faced. the effort required to function at a normal level is draining for me personally. i manage to do it but there's probably more days where i don't want to get out of bed to go to work even though i do so anyway. by the time i get home i just lay down in bed to try and recover regardless of whether it was a good or a bad day.
i loved mania but the creativity i had was second to none. i was often sad that i wouldn t experience that creativity and passion again but i am. everyday. it s beautiful. i realized, that all that fun stuff is still in my head and accessible. we are all geniuses! had this revelation while walking around miami on 0 hours of sleep. does anyone have any recommendations on what i should do to avoid a manic episode? i will call my psychiatrist and let her know. i m medicated on abilify.
living with bipolar disorder involves navigating the intense emotional highs and lows, which can be both exhilarating and debilitating. the unpredictability of mood swings makes every day a rollercoaster ride, where moments of profound creativity, happiness, and productivity intermingle with periods of deep sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion. it's a constant battle between the intoxicating ups and the crushing downs, a journey filled with the bittersweet taste of life's extremes.
manic oh, i've got it, i've got the magic formula! a new idea, a brilliant one, is swirling in my mind like a whirlpool. i can't wait to get started, to explore every facet, to bend the world to my will and make it mine. the colors are more vibrant, the sounds more melodic, the air thick with the sweetness of life. my heart beats with a fervor, my limbs hum with energy. i am unstoppable, invincible, indomitable. depressive but then, the colors fade, and the brilliance turns to ash.
bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition characterized by dramatic mood swings, from the intense highs of mania to the deep lows of depression. this rollercoaster ride of emotions can make everyday life a challenge, leaving individuals feeling out of control, isolated, and uncertain about the future. despite the unpredictability, those living with bipolar disorder can find solace in the knowledge that they're not alone and that treatment can help manage their symptoms.
i 15m haven't taken my meds in 3 weeks. so yeah i haven't had a good night sleep in a week i went off my bipolar meds cuase i just keep on forgetting to take them so i'm in school right now so i cant take them and i'm suppose to take them at night so i'm going to try to remember to take them tonight. what i'm asking if i should tell anyone im off my meds my mom is out of town and it's just me and my twin sisters 17 17 that are home so should i tell my sister or keep this to myself.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from yourself. here's a brief thought that captures this mood shift 'i was soaring high above the clouds yesterday, but today, i'm stuck in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back up.
example 1 'yesterday, i was brimming with optimism and creativity today, i'm engulfed in a deep, hopeless sadness.' example 2 'just a few hours ago, i was elated and productive now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of apathy and lethargy.' example 3 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invigorated. now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking into a dark pit of despair and exhaustion.' example 4 'i was confident and focused this morning, but now i'm plagued by racing thoughts and
bipolar thoughts morning irrational exuberance oh, this is it, today is the day i am going to make a breakthrough. i have all the answers, i can feel it. i will conquer the world, and i will be a legend. my ideas are the best in the world. i can change the world! i am on the brink of greatness. afternoon despair and helplessness why do i even bother? i'm wasting my time. i have nothing to offer the world. all my ideas are stupid. i'm a fraud. no one will ever take me seriously. i
advice?? does anyone have any advice on how to approach a doctor about a possible misdiagnosis? and or what to expect if i do? i'm starting to think that the initial diagnosis of bd might actually be bpd. i've cross referenced the two and am starting to doubt. i'm currently medicated for bd and i'm not sure if i would need all the medications i'm on. i don't want to screw up the balance i have but i also don't want to live with the side effects of certain meds if i don't have to.
me manic, pacing in a room i've got this great idea for a business! it's revolutionary! i can't sleep because my mind is racing with possibilities. i'll be a millionaire by this time next year! me depressed, lying in bed i've failed. again. no one wants my business. i'm a failure. i can't even get out of bed. maybe i should just give up. me normal, taking a walk in the park maybe it's not that bad. i need to focus on the good things in my life. i can't let my moods control me. i
lord forgive me i m 18 and recently i was diagnosed with herpes and i think last night was the first time in a while i wanted to hurt myself it took everything in me. the man i love told me he was contemplating being with me because i have it and he wants something long term.. so do i and it s like i m already psychotic now i have a virus forever? i don t want to live like this i already take a fuck ton of medication. it just seems like this isn t gonna get better it never does.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, productive, and creative the next, you might be consumed by a deep sadness or an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. here's a thought that captures this rollercoaster experience 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. but now, as the day goes on, i'm sinking deeper into a dark abyss, every ounce of energy drained from my body.
anyone here smoke to slowly kill themselves? now for the past year i've been smoking cigarettes on and off usually like 1 week on 2 or 3 weeks off because i really enjoy it, i love everything about cigarettes. now i'm thinking of just making the full commitment to becoming a smoker so i can slowly kill myself, because life is cool and all but i don't want to keep it going as long as i can, my hypomanic episode just ended and the reality of what my life is, is starting to sink in
i have question about your depressive episode is your depressive episode caused by specific life event triggering event or flow of time and biological cycle? amp x200b amp x200b amp x200b mine is caused by specific life event triggering event and idk how other people go thru depressive episodes i am recently diganosed my doc was confused about my symptoms and tracked me for a long time and i want to be educated amp x200b amp x200b thank you so much and hope yall have a good day
me looking at the empty fridge i can't believe i've run out of hummus again. i swear i bought a new tub just last week. sighs, then snaps out of it thought process why did i even bother checking the fridge? i know i don't have any hummus left. but i had to see for myself, didn't i? and now, i'm disappointed, yet again. but what if i'd found hummus? would that have made a difference? probably not, but still... i could just go to the store, buy some more hummus, and deal with the
weekly goal setting sunday 6th jan saturday 12th jan a few years ago, the weekly goals threads helped me stick to a better lifestyle. the idea is that on sundays you post a list of tasks or habits you want to work on during the week, then the following saturday we review how we got on. it always helped me stay accountable and it was motivating to see other people progress. is there anything you want to work on? you can list everything from showering daily to studying for exams.
last week, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm mired in a deep sadness and can't seem to focus on anything. one moment, i'm elated and energized the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and despair. my moods shift like the tides, ebbing and flowing unpredictably. yesterday, i felt invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm consumed by anxiety and self doubt. the highs of mania can turn to the lows of depression in an instant. my emotions are a rollercoaster
bright, cheery music playing in the background mania dancing in the mirror, grinning, arms outstretched wow! i'm on top of the world! i've got this energy coursing through my veins, and i can't believe it! the ideas are flooding in, one after another, and they're all so brilliant! this is it, this is my moment, my time to shine! i can't wait to tackle every project on my to do list, and i'm going to do them all with style and grace. i'm unstoppable! i'm invincible! phone buzzes
bipolar thought i'm on top of the world today! everything is brilliant and full of color. my mind is sharp, and i can't wait to tackle all of my projects. i feel so alive and powerful. but what's this? a tiny cloud of doubt enters my mind. it's just a small thought, nothing i can't handle. no, wait, it's growing. what if i'm not really that great? what if i'm just fooling myself? no, i'm not. i'm awesome! but what if i'm not? what if i can't keep this up? no, i can. i will. i
person a manic state i've got this brilliant idea for a business! it's going to change the world, i just know it! i don't need to sleep, i have endless energy. i can work on it 24 7, and i won't stop until it's a success! person a depressive state i can't get out of bed. i have no energy, no motivation, no reason to live. everything i've ever done is a failure. i might as well give up now. i'll never be able to achieve anything worthwhile in my life. person a hypomanic state
example 1 'living with bipolar feels like riding a rollercoaster one moment i'm soaring high, the next i'm plummeting deep.' example 2 'bipolar disorder is a dance between light and shadow one moment i'm bathed in radiant joy, the next i'm swallowed by the darkness.' example 3 'bipolar is a storm inside me one moment a raging tempest, the next a calm, still center.' example 4 'bipolar is a kaleidoscope of emotions one moment vibrant and full of life, the next muted and gray.
bipolar thought morning oh, wow! today is going to be fantastic. i've got so many great ideas, i just know it. i can't wait to start my projects, and i'm going to feel amazing. i'm going to be the most productive person in the world today! late afternoon but what if none of it works out? what if i fail? my ideas aren't as good as i thought they were. i'm so tired, i don't think i can do this anymore. maybe i'm not cut out for this. what's the point? i might as well just give
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, and despair. this unpredictable nature of the condition can make it challenging to navigate daily life. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and a sense of hopelessness i can't escape.
rapid cycling, mania getting worse and ruining my life i have had diagnosed bipolar for a few years now, been on multiple medications and recently i feel like i m just passed the point of being treated. i ve had some really destructive manic episodes and it has included a lot of drug use. my finances are out of control and now i just feel like i have no motivation to do anything with my life. i hate this i want to live a normal life but i just don t think it s ever happening
thank you. bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from the depths of depression to the heights of mania. each episode, be it manic or depressive, offers fleeting moments of intense emotion and energy, yet leaves a trail of exhaustion and uncertainty in its wake. the emotional landscape of bipolar disorder is a complex tapestry of joy, sadness, fear, excitement, and despair, leaving those affected by it on a perpetual rollercoaster ride of emotion.
example yesterday, i was on top of the world, full of energy and ideas. today, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog, every movement an effort, every thought a struggle. bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected mood swings. one day you might feel euphoric, the next, despondent. here's a thought that captures this experience one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with excitement and possibility. the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss, every thought tinged with despair.
inner monologue manic god, i'm on a roll today! ideas are flowing, the sun is shining, and the world is a beautiful canvas waiting to be painted with my brilliant thoughts. i can't stop, won't stop! a million ideas a minute, a zest for life, and the energy of ten people combined. i've got this, and i've got it good. depressive but wait, what's this? a tiny sliver of doubt? a fleeting moment of uncertainty? no, it can't be. this isn't me. i'm not that person. i'm invincible
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and unstoppable the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, or hopelessness. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, where the highs and lows can be extreme and unpredictable. for example 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a deep, crushing sadness that leaves me unable to function.
in bipolar disorder, one moment you may feel elated, creative, and unstoppable, the next moment you could be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. this rapid shift in mood can be both disorienting and devastating, leaving you feeling like you're on a rollercoaster with no control over the ride. for example 'this morning, i felt alive, invincible, and ready to take on the world. now, it s as if a dark cloud has engulfed me, leaving me feeling hopeless and worthless.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're elated, filled with creativity and passion the next, you're consumed by a deep, debilitating sadness. it's like a roller coaster ride of emotions, where the highs and lows can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality. 'living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a wave of intense emotions, where the crest of joy can turn into a crushing undercurrent of sadness in an instant.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, from intense highs to devastating lows. each shift brings an emotional rollercoaster ride, with joyous euphoria giving way to deep despair, or intense focus and productivity followed by crippling fatigue and hopelessness. the unpredictability of these mood swings leaves individuals grappling with an ever changing emotional landscape, struggling to maintain a sense of stability and control.
insaciable anger this is the longest and most severe manic episode i ve had in months after a 3 month long depressive episode and i love it and i hate it. my normal days are still terrible and they always will be and i don t wanna do it anymore. i m just mad at everyone and eveeyrhing my hand is swollen from smashing shit in my room i just want people to know how bad i feel. i wish they could see it with their eyes. i wish i had cancer or something so people woukd see me.
bipolar and adhd, have you found successful treatment and what is it like? i've been diagnosed adhd for years, and refused treatment. 15 years later and i need treatment for depression and mania. and it feels like my adhd is no longer able to be managed. i just wanna know, will treatment help with the procrastination and feeling overwhelmed by everything? will i be better than what i was before? if you need dual treatment, what changes did you and those around you notice?
morning bright, clear, excited voice oh my god, i've got this brilliant idea for a business! it's going to revolutionize the industry, i just know it! i'll be a millionaire by the end of the year! i can't wait to tell everyone about it! afternoon tired, indifferent voice meh, the business idea isn't as brilliant as i thought. maybe it's just not the right time. maybe i'll work on something else instead. evening depressed, anxious voice why can't i ever stick to one thing?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, energy levels, and motivation. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, or a lack of focus. here's a brief thought that captures this mood shift 'just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a project, filled with excitement and passion. now, i'm lying in bed, enveloped by a crushing sadness and an inexplicable inability to get up and face the day.
mania ideas, a flood, a tsunami of thoughts, bursting, overflowing my mind, a torrent of brilliance, my mind a furnace of inspiration, every thought, every idea, a blazing inferno of possibility. my heart pounds, the blood races, my breath comes in sharp, quick gasps, i'm alive, i'm alive, i'm alive! i'm unstoppable, unbeatable, invincible, the world is mine to conquer, to mold, to shape, i'm the architect of my destiny, the maestro of my life's symphony. i can do it all
you aren t your thoughts. you aren t your thoughts. you just experience them. just like how we have mental illness, but we aren t the illness. it s a disease just like cancer. you don t see cancer patients saying i am cancer . they say they have cancer. i think saying i m bipolar makes it seem like i m saying that it s my identity. i remind myself all the time that bipolar is not an identity, its just a journey that i m on. a journey that is different than anyone else s.
coming out of mania mixed episodes how do you feel after your episode calms down. i m currently in hospital from a mixed episode with mania being the stronger symptom. i ve been in for a week so far. my doctor added an antipsychotic to my treatment. i feel so spacey and strange which i m assuming could be my meds. my doctor said he will adjust them if it continues. i feel especially weird when i get a few hour passes to go home. curious to know how others have felt feel?
new sub created for depressed fellows to make friends hi everyone! we understand how tough it is to go through depression alone, and how important emotional support can be. thus, we have created a platform catered specifically for depressed redditors to share their social experiences and make friends with one another!. this new sub is called r friendsfordepressed , and we gladly invite you to join our subreddit! thank you for reading and we hope you have a nice day ahead
first time taking lamotrigine questions i have bipolar not sure which type yet newly diagnosed and i have been cycling rapidly lately. i just started taking lamotrigine and i feel like it made my depression and anxiety worse on the second day of taking 25mg. i'm not sure if this is just my mood swings or if it's the medicine. anyone else have experience with this medication? ultimately, i'm going to ask my doctor when i go back soon. just curious and impatient i suppose.
latuda antipsychotics and antidepressants? is it possible to mix antipsychotics with antidepressants? i take latuda right now and it's made manic episodes go away completely, but i still struggle with depression. my mom takes zoloft for depression and it works really well for her but she isn't bipolar. i was wondering if it's worth bringing up to my psychiatrist about taking latuda and zoloft, or if it will just cause mania? does anyone have experience with mixing them?
bipolar express hey guys and gals, i was recently diagnosed with bipolar. so i decided to make a youtube channel dedicated to helping end the stigma on mental health. i'm new here and just wanted to say i have some videos about my life with bipolar along with some informative mental health ones too. i'm hoping these videos reach people that really need it. there's a lot more to come in the future. thanks! check it out https m.youtube.com channel ucoxg3vi4oiv6cwglazcndbg
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you may feel euphoric, creative, and unstoppable the next, you might be plunged into a deep sadness or despair, struggling to get out of bed. here's a thought that captures this mood shift this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. but as the day wore on, the energy drained from me, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless, like i was just an ordinary human again.
psychosis while in a depressive phase? okay so i m 18 and i was diagnosed with bipolar 1 disorder when i was 14. i have noticed that often when i m at the lowest of my depressive cycles, i often end up having psychotic episodes hallucinating, paranoia, delusions, etc . i have only heard of people having these due to mania and i was wondering if anyone else has experienced this. if you have experienced this, please let me know if you have any advice to help prevent this.
is there a protection against noise complaints during mental episodes? hey guys, i've been getting noise complaints from my mental breakdowns that are either the truth or most of the time overinflated i.e cries reported as screams, laughter reported as violent fighting etc . i was wondering if there's an ada accommodation that can protect disabled people from getting evicted from excessive noise related to illness? thanks. ps the walls are non insulated and very thin.
nsfw! i'm terrified i just lost my job. it was completely my fault. i'm so sick of being a complete disappointment to everyone. i know that if i didn't exist everyone i know would be better off including especially my daughter. i am trying to get up the courage to do what i need to and i want to say good bye and i love you, but i'm afraid people will think i'm just being dramatic. i'm sorry i just thought it would help to put this out there instead of just journaling.
question from a non bipolar person i m sorry if this offends anyone that s not the intention! i m curious how mania and depression feels for another bipolar person. my boyfriend is bipolar and i can usually tell when he s on the ups or downs but i would love to hear the point of view from other people on how they feel if anyone wouldn t mind sharing! i want to know as much as i can about it so i can help him if he ever needs me and just to overall learn more about it!
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated, creative, and bursting with ideas the next, you might be overwhelmed, exhausted, and struggling to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and each shift can leave you feeling disoriented and uncertain. for example, this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and a sense of hopelessness.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm overwhelmed and immobilized by the weight of my thoughts. the sun was shining, i felt alive and invincible, now the room is dark, and i'm trapped in a deep, dark hole. i was dancing with joy and creativity, now i'm frozen in fear and despair. yesterday, i was a fire burning bright, today i'm an ember barely flickering. the world was my playground, now it's a prison, and i'm its captive. i was a soaring eagle, now i
does anyone feel like your meds do nothing? i'm on heaps of meds, and i feel exactly the same as being off them, apart from the occasional side effect. then i think, if they don't have any effect, do i even have bipolar? probably sounds silly, but it's what i think sometimes. does anyone else feel this way about medication? if interested, i'm taking lithium 900 , latuda 20 , lamictal 100 , abilify 15 , wellbutrin 150 i think , adhd meds, and side effect meds. thanks!
what happens if you take medication? i am going to be evaluated for bipolar disorder soon and if diagnosed will have to decide whether or not to take medication. what happens emotionally and intellectually if you take medicine for it? i m very afraid to take medication because i had a very bad experience at age 12. i was on antidepressants for two years 11 13 and became a bit self absorbed and had serious impulse control problems. it ultimately led to suicide. twice.
person a manic phase i've invented a new invention! it's going to change the world, just you wait and see! i've got so many ideas, i can't even sleep! i'll never run out of energy or motivation! this is the best day of my life! later, in a depressive phase person a depressive phase i'm a failure. i'm worthless. i can't even get out of bed. i've got no ideas, no motivation, no energy. why bother trying? i'll never accomplish anything. this is the worst day of my life.
manic i can do it all. i've got this. my brain is a supercomputer, whirring and crackling with ideas and solutions and energy. i'm unstoppable. i'm invincible. i can juggle a million things at once and still have time for a nap. i'm a genius. i'm a king. i'm on top of the world. depressive but then, in the blink of an eye, it all crashes down. the energy drains away, leaving a hollow, aching void. the supercomputer shuts down, replaced by a thick, muddy fog that fogs
manic i've got this! i've got energy bursting from every pore. ideas pouring out faster than i can jot them down. i can conquer the world, invent a new technology, learn a new skill, write a bestselling novel, plan a gala event, all in a single day. i'm unstoppable, untouchable, unbreakable. deep breath but wait, what's this? a flicker of doubt, a hint of weariness? no, impossible! i shake it off. focus! channel this energy. i can do it all. depressive but what if i
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the colors of the world muted and indistinct, as i struggle to find the energy to lift even the smallest of weights. just hours ago, i was brimming with ideas, creativity flowing freely, but now i am trapped in a sea of lethargy and apathy. the mood shift in bipolar disorder is as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both disconnected from and powerless against the whims of my own mind.
inner monologue manic i've got this, i've got it all figured out. my mind is a whirlwind of ideas and solutions. the world around me is vibrant, every color more vivid, every sound more melodic. i can't wait to get up and tackle the day. i've got the energy of a thousand suns. there's no challenge too great, no obstacle too daunting. pause but what's that? a flicker of doubt? no, impossible. i shake it off, focus on the tasks at hand. i'm in control, i've got this.
do you guys get stressed from reading? i think it's a form of irritation. it wasn't as bad as back in high school and primary as i was able to read and do my homework without being really stressed. unless if it's something i'm really interested in. if i was given the same work again back from high school i wouldn't be able to do it. i thought long why and i think it's because of the newly bipolar diagnosis in late adolescent. memory problems, stressed from reading!
work issues i always find myself having a very bad time at work customer service retail . basically i've been put as a manger for 2 weeks to fill in for my boss who's off. i find myself stressing 24 7 abkut work even when im not at work. when im at work im on the verge of crying and having a breakdown. today i had to leave work early because of this and i feel fuckkng terrible about doing so. does anyone else have these sorts of issues? do you feel bad about them?
is it possible to go manic while still on meds? i believe i was beginning to get hypomanic and the sleep problems and agitation had started again. i just got back on abilify low dose 5mg after two or three months off... i was wondering if the meds will completely end the manic episode, or if it will just be less severe. i definetely don t want to end up manic as i do stupid things, but at the same time i honestly miss having that energy and enthusiasm about life.
while bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows, it's also important to recognize the subtle shifts that can occur between mood states. here's a thought that captures a more nuanced mood change i used to relish the creative bursts that came with my manic episodes. but today, as the mania subsides and depression sets in, i can't help but feel a sense of loss and sadness for the energy i once had, now replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into despair and immobility the next. here's a brief thought that encapsulates such a shift i was in the midst of a creative frenzy, pouring out ideas and energy into my work. but now, i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion. the joy and productivity of yesterday have given way to a heavy, unrelenting sadness.
manic i've got this! i've got it all figured out. the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and i am on top of the world! ideas are rushing through my head, a hundred a minute. i've got energy, i've got motivation, i've got the world by the tail! no one can stop me, i'm unstoppable! i can do it all, juggle all the balls, keep all the plates spinning. this is it, the high i've been chasing, the euphoria, the invincibility. i've made it! depressive but what if i
jerking in my sleep continues i m not seeking medical advice, i just want to know if anyone has experienced the same thing. with that being said, i am predisposed to developing tardive dyskensia after my first episode that hasn t gone away in 8 years. now, i ve had my second episode and i am on lexapro, seroquel, clonazopam, and lamictal. has anyone else developed any movement disorders from any of these meds or is it just in your sleep when you experience them?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that range from deep sadness to intense joy, disrupting daily life and relationships. these shifts, driven by changes in brain chemistry, can leave individuals feeling isolated, helpless, and powerless, only to be followed by periods of heightened creativity and energy, yet the unpredictable and inconsistent nature of these shifts keeps them in a constant state of emotional flux.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm trapped in a pit of despair and cannot focus on anything. ar this morning, i felt alive and motivated now, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and can barely function. jh i was engrossed in a creative project, but suddenly, my mood plummeted, leaving me listless and uninspired. mn in an instant, my manic energy transformed into a crushing sadness, paralyzing me with its weight. jl i was filled with excitement and
manic i've got this. i've got it all. energy surging through my veins, ideas flowing like a river, and the world at my feet. i'm on top of things, i'm in control, and nothing can bring me down. i'll tackle everything head on, make it through the day with ease, and come out on top. i'm invincible. i've got the power to change the world. pauses, then a sigh depressive but what if i don't? what if i can't? what if this energy runs out and i'm left with nothing but
i slept through the daylight. i woke up at midnight last night and couldn't sleep till 8. once i fell asleep, i stayed asleep until around 20 minutes ago est . i completely slept through the sunlight. i'm struggling to get on a regular schedule, i guess i'm depressed. i really have no clue how to get out of this funk, i take my medicine, i have sleep medication, and i have morning classes starting in three days. i'm losing my mind here. please give suggestions.
destroyed self image anyone with advice on improving your self image? i have struggled with hating myself appearance, personality..etc for years and i haven't improved. i've tried to improve myself by being healthier, and accepting my husband's compliments and try hard to believe them, but i just seem to end up hating everything about myself all over again. i can't seem to stop my own brain from insulting and absolutely tearing myself down at every opportunity.
mania and hypersexuality i've engaged with a guy i pretty much know nothing about yesternight. i have a boyfriend. it meant nothing to me the sex last night but i was into it. i tend to be overly charming when i'm manic, and with my looks i can get guys easily to do it with. the guilt hasn't sunk in yet. i love my boyfriend so much and the activity yesternight felt the same as like, having coffee to talk to someone casually. any suggestions how to handle this?
depression phase had a manic episode back in june. it was bad. i was wired up, didn t sleep for 38 hours straight. i thought i was invincible. all my friends abandoned me because they didn t understand the severity of my manic episode. i was impulsive, crazy, and stubborn but it s because i wasn t in my right mind. i m a loner and i feel like no one gets me. everyone leaves. i ve been in a depression phase for a few weeks, but at this point, i feel so hopeless
are there communities for people in remission from bp? my illness has improved significantly this year. i'm not really in remission yet, but i'm becoming skillful in symptom management and i'm wondering if there's a community for this. a lot of the subreddits for mental illness, including this sub, are very support group venting based. which is great, but i'm looking for discussion of practical techniques for managing bipolar, major depression, and or anxiety.
advice long term relationships i have been with my boyfriend for almost 7 years, and for about 5 of those years we were aware i am bipolar. i am noticing it is really starting to take a toll on him . the highs and lows, the impulsivity, the lack of coping skills i have .. i don t know what to do anymore because the feelings of guilt are consuming me and i m becoming impulsive and just empty . how can a long term relationship truly survive? i am medicated btw
feeling grateful like many of you in this community, i have cripplingly low self esteem partly from the depressive episodes i find myself in most of the time. stability hasn t been attainable for me i ve only been on meds for a year and haven t found the right cocktail yet. today, i m able to give myself a small pat on the back. i ll be sober a year, at the end of this month. i ve abstained from casual sex promiscuity for 2 years. i m really proud of myself.
despite the elation and creativity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. the unpredictable nature of this disorder means that even on the sunniest days, dark clouds can gather on the horizon, casting a shadow over mood and energy levels. for instance, 'after weeks of productivity and euphoria, i now find myself stuck in a mire of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the motivation to face even the simplest of tasks.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition marked by extreme emotional highs and lows, with mood swings that can shift suddenly and without warning. the highs may bring feelings of euphoria, creativity, and boundless energy, while the lows can result in deep sadness, hopelessness, and an inability to get out of bed. these emotional fluctuations can be overwhelming and can significantly impact an individual's ability to function and maintain relationships.
latuda nausea i've been taking latuda for a few months and had a little bit of nausea here and there but the last couple of days it's really begun to upset my tummy. i had to take an odansetron tonight to stop myself throwing up and even then i still feel quite ill. i know this is a pretty common side effect, i was just wondering if anyone has any tips? it has to be taken with 350 calories, is there any food i could take it with that would lessen the nausea?
lithium experience and advice i'm taking lithium for the first time. after the first month, i'm at a therapeutic dose but my body isn't responding to it. my depression is persisting, so on monday my doctor is going to talk to me about adding something like abiifity. has anyone ever reached the therapeutic dose and have it not work? has adding medications worked? even if your experience is outside of my request, i would love to hear about people's experience.
should i own a gun? i m a security guard. i m a security guard for a college where we are not required to carry a firearm. i have a degree in criminal justice and know how to properly use it and when. i own a handgun, thats the culture we have in my area and my profession. i m also newly diagnosed. prior, i have had bouts off depression where i disassembled the weapon and gave it to a friend for safe keeping so i wouldn t be tempted. what do you folks think?
bipolar ii and not on meds. i 23f have biploar ii and have never been on meds to treat it. i am not a fan of medications unless there is absolutely no other option besides death . i have tired prozac once but it made me violently nauseous and did nothing to help me.. for the most part, i think i have managed fine so far. . i have waves of very low hopeless depression and then waves of great high functioning hypo mania. anyone else similar to this? opinions?
have latuda side effects pushed anyone into a hypomanic state? so i ve been on latuda for 2 weeks no problems. i went from 20mg to 30mg. been at 30 for 5 days then suddenly i have shortness of breath. it started about an hour after i took the dose. it really freaked me out i think it pushed me into a hypomanic state. i haven t slept all night and i just want to get up and get some writing work done. i m calling my doc when the office opens in about 15 min.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed or lethargic the next. example 1 'this morning, i was filled with hope and motivation, ready to tackle the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome with hopelessness and despair.' example 2 'earlier today, i was lost in a creative frenzy, pouring out ideas and energy. but now, i'm wrapped in a heavy fog of sadness and apathy.
getting help is extremely hard. you re all so brave and i m proud of you! i work as a receptionist at a general practitioner s office and any time someone comes in asking their options for mental health, they re usually shaking and you can tell they ve been crying. it always reminds me of when i finally sought help after suffering for so long. i wish i could hug every one when they re first getting help. i don t because that s weird, but i really want to.
depressed whispering to self i can't believe this again. i'm so tired, so drained. i can't get out of bed, i can't face another day. the world is just too much, too heavy. i don't have the energy to deal with anything or anyone. maybe i should just give up, it's all too much. manic excitedly wow! i've got this! i can do anything, be anything! look at all the ideas racing through my mind! i don't need sleep, i don't need food. i can take on the world! i'm
depression thoughts... i feel like my biggest issue when i m depressed is overthinking. i m so scared of things dying. it s like my worst irrational fear that i obsess over. i don t mind death myself not suicidal but i mean like if i died right now, it wouldn t scare me. i m mainly just scared my wife will get cancer suddenly and leave me alone or i will walk in my house one day and my cat will be dead. i don t know why but it freaks me out. anyone else?
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair, unable to find the energy or focus to accomplish even the simplest tasks. another example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a project, my mind racing with excitement and possibilities. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to shake the crushing weight of sadness and hopelessness that has settled over me.
despite the elation and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase of bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive phase can bring a crushing weight of sadness, fatigue, and apathy, as if the very essence of motivation and drive has been drained from one's being. for instance, yesterday, i was filled with boundless inspiration and energy. today, i'm trapped in a mire of desolation and exhaustion, unable to find the strength to lift even a finger.
person mania i've got this great idea for a business! it's revolutionary, no one's ever thought of it before. i'll make millions, and i'll be famous! i'll work nonstop, day and night, but it'll be worth it. i don't need sleep, i don't need food. i'm unstoppable! later, depression what was i thinking? that idea was stupid. no one would ever invest in it. i'm a failure. i'll never be good at anything. i can't even get out of bed. i don't have the energy to
overthinking ruminating about how should i live life ? basically i can t stop thinking about mindsets, methods, ways in which i should live by. thinking and ruminating constantly about how i should be living my life. how i should be thinking. i don t know what to do. why can t i just enjoy things. should i be present? should i be positive? should i focus on self love? should i focus on being self aware? that s basically how my mind has been working 24 7
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and invincible the next, you may experience deep sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion. this rollercoaster of emotions can be disorienting and challenging to navigate, leaving you feeling both exhilarated and drained at the same time. for instance, 'yesterday, i was overflowing with inspiration and passion today, i'm drowning in despair and fatigue.
too depressed to go to work taking a day off work for the second week in a row. i am not over on sick days or anything but i still feel like my manager is going to start asking questions. white collar field. i think my depression stems from the fact i got passed up for a promotion i was promised last week. have lost all motivation to work for this firm. i can feel myself slipping into a depressive episode. sigh. i hate navigating the professional world.
does anyone feel kinda confused or feel like they can t trust their own brain all the time? i feel like the world is more complex than simple and everything just seems so confusing and all over the place. i m still trying to get stable with right medicines. it really feels it s me vs me all the time. i m trying to learn but when i go through the different cycles it feels like i m forgetting and relearning emotionally. has anyone felt like this? thanks!
i want to come off risperidone. i m on 8mg of risperidone a day, my eye sight was fine and i didn t need to wear glasses before starting risperidone 18 months ago. but i went to the opticians for the 3rd time in a year and yet again i need a new prescription. my left eye isn t responding to anything and won t focus but my left eye is doing ok ish i think it s the risperidone causing all of this but i m terrified to become delusional again if i stop it!
i think its best if i reenlist right now i am contemplating on re enlisting. thinking about telling the truth about everything that happened to me. school is not working for me and i cant get a job. i believe the va abandonned me when i applied to see a career counselor twice. if anyone else thought the same and have done, how did it go? i want to know because im ready to work out and join again. please i need help, no one wants a veteran apparently.
latuda anger has anyone experience severe bouts of explosive anger when starting latuda? my spouse was on latuda a few years back. it worked amazing like a miracle drug but our insurance wouldn't cover it after the office ran out of samples. we have different insurance now so its covered but it doesn't seem to be working like it did last time. also, we are on week two of taking it every night. she doesn't sleep and gets super angry a few times a day.
how much do i have to disclose to a potential employer? the store i work at is closing down in a week. i had an interview today that went really well but i have to fill out a medical form through a 3rd party company. as part of the form i have to consent to this company contacting my gp who obviously knows i have bipolar . i got to the question about if i'm being treated for any illnesses and have no idea what to say. i'm in queensland if that helps.
have manic episodes had an effect on how you view spirituality? i'm guessing you guys are well versed with the crazy seeming coincidences, and all the music media speaking directly to you. after it's over i always think i was insane which i was, but in the moment, it feels very real. it's not just music either there seems to be some kind of flow that becomes visible, if you know what i mean. it feels pretty supernatural. anyone have similar thoughts?
if you re sick of dealing with this shit raise your hand i saw my therapist on monday. she saw that i had cut myself and made me get it checked out at the er because she said i needed stitches. i didn t think it was that bad. well 7 stitches and 5 days in the psych ward later i was discharged today from my 19th hospital stay. i am so done dealing with this. i m just venting and want to hear your frustrations too. so what are you sick of dealing with?
person a euphoric and manic mood i've got this idea! it's amazing! i can't believe no one's thought of it before! i'm going to change the world with it! i'm going to make a fortune! it's perfect! suddenly, crashes down into a deep, dark depressive episode person a depressed and hopeless why bother? nothing i do will ever matter. i'll never make a difference. i'm not good enough. i'm a failure. i'm worthless. there's no point in trying. i just want to
well this is new my psych wanted me to quit smoking weed for two weeks to see if my symptoms are weed related or if it s my meds. so i switched to a nicotine vape for the time being because i somehow still get a nicotine high. i noticed yesterday that my anxiety was getting going and then this morning when i woke up i had to get out of bed my anxiety was so bad. do u think nicotine can bring out anxiety, i have type one bipolar and gad and psychosis
can antipsychotics make you stupid? don't know how else to put this. i feel like my cognition and intelligence aren't what they used to be. it takes me 3x as long to do what i used to be able to do. my thinking is slow and repetitive and i'm tired all the time. i tried looking this up online but couldn't find any conclusive answers. decided to hop on here and ask you guys myself. do you feel like you just became dumber after starting antipsychotics?
currently obsessing over an ex i m currently obsessing over an ex. it s crazy because for the most part i am happily married. we broke up 14 years ago, when he moved and i decided to end our relationship. i ve also been staying with my mom and helping out with my dad while she s on vacation. i m struggling and i miss my husband. i ll be back home in a week and it can t come soon enough! does anyone else struggle with obsessive thoughts. i hate this.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness and apathy. megan one moment, i'm manically focused on a project, the next, i can't bear to get out of bed and face the day. alex i was excited and productive, now i'm overwhelmed and unable to focus on anything. john i was in a deep depression, now i'm racing a thousand miles an hour with manic thoughts. sarah i was calm and collected, now i'm anxious and agitated
woke up 3am the past two days and being very high energy.. is this hypomania? can t tell if i m just being active and productive or i m just being straight up hypomania. i m bipolar 1 and take meds daily. i thought with taking all my meds i d never feel heightened or lower but i still do feel my moods go up and down even with meds.. but the moods are usually mild. but the past two days i ve just been very active. do you all feel the same sometimes?
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well lately with medication and self care, today i'm hit with an unexpected wave of sadness and lethargy. my thoughts have slowed, and the vibrant colors of the world have faded to shades of gray. i feel as if i'm wading through molasses, every movement requiring immense effort. this sudden shift in mood catches me off guard, reminding me that bipolar disorder is a complex and unpredictable condition.
my girlfriend who doesn t rely on meds is tellin me i m just using them as a band aid and how dangerous they are i take caplyta , lithium and now prozac and she just got on me for tellin her i now take prozac , which i quickly regretted and told her i m never tellin her anything about my meds again , it pisses me off . i told her i don t need her or my family tellin me what s good for me idk venting and looking for insight if you have any , thanks
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with enthusiasm and focus. the next moment, you could be hit with a crushing wave of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the motivation to get out of bed. this unpredictability can make living with bipolar disorder a daily challenge, as you never know which version of yourself will show up.
manic i've got this. i can do it all. i've got ideas coming from every corner, every crevice of my mind. i'm on top of the world, unstoppable, unbreakable. the day is full of possibilities, and i'm going to seize every single one. i'm going to be a force to be reckoned with. i'm invincible. depressive but what if i'm not? what if i'm just a failure, a disappointment? what if i can't do it all? what if i can't even do the things i'm supposed to do?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. explore other thought prompts from the mood swing series. thought prompt a haiku for anxiety anxiety's grip tightens, heart races, breath shallow, mind's chatter, peace eludes, a fleeting dream. thought prompt a quiet moment of gratitude in the stillness of the morning, a moment of deep, heartfelt gratitude, for all that is, for all that's to come. thought prompt the
dark obsessive thoughts i m assuming this is fairly normal with bp but i m so sick of dark obsessive, ruminating thought patterns even during relative stability. it seems like every week it s something else death dying of loved ones, someone being hurt, losing my partner and awful thoughts of not being good enough to be loved. i feel like bp is such a hindrance to me enjoying life fully, it s like a new obsession every week and i m so sick of it.
hitting low i've had some really low lows, and i think i'm headed for another one. it hit me so suddenly yesterday. i have an extremely long self harm history, and when my best friend released a new album with a self harm tw i got really scared and felt so small and vulnerable. it's stuck like that since then. it reminded me of when i was hurting myself daily and my drug habit and i'm just so lost right now. i was just manic, how did this happen?
despite the exhilarating highs and rejuvenating lows of bipolar disorder, the unpredictability of mood swings can leave one feeling disoriented. one moment, bursting with creativity and motivation the next, overwhelmed by a crushing sadness or debilitating fatigue. a brief thought that encapsulates this rollercoaster of emotions might be 'in the blink of an eye, my mania transforms into despair, leaving me lost in a maze of conflicting feelings.
fda approves generic latuda ! goodrx mentions lupin, but the fda site lists several other pharmaceutical companies. hopefully these work just as good as the brand name latuda, and are significantly lower in cost. https www.goodrx.com blog fda approves generic latuda lurasidone schizophrenia bipolar depression https www.fda.gov drugs developmentapprovalprocess howdrugsaredevelopedandapproved drugandbiologicapprovalreports andagenericdrugapprovals
thank you! bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings. in one moment, a person may feel euphoric, productive, and brimming with creative energy in the next, they may experience deep sadness, despair, and an inability to function. this rollercoaster of emotions can be both exhilarating and terrifying, leaving the person feeling disconnected from their own identity and vulnerable to the whims of their moods.
finding natural alternative to klonopin for sleep i ve been prescribed 1 mg of klonopin for sleep for the past five or so months. it works well compared to ambien, but i moved to another state and haven t been able to find a psychiatrist under my network. i m running low on my prescription from my old psychiatrist and fear another manic episode may occur if i don t get enough sleep. i m thinking of weaning off what i have left to prep for this.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, from the depths of depression to the heights of mania. these emotional shifts can be unpredictable and devastating, leaving individuals feeling isolated, overwhelmed, and powerless to regain control. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster can make it a challenge to maintain stable relationships, pursue personal goals, and function effectively in everyday life.
manic i'm on fire, invincible, unstoppable! ideas are flooding my mind, a river of creativity, a torrent of inspiration. i can't keep up, i can't contain it all. i'm a force to be reckoned with. i'm going to change the world. i'm going to make a difference. i'm going to be remembered. i'm the best version of myself. i'm on top of the world. i'm invulnerable. depressive but what if i'm not? what if this is just an illusion? what if i'm just fool
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be filled with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, you may feel deeply depressed or lethargic. here's a thought that captures this mood shift the sun was shining brightly outside my window this morning, but as the day wore on, the heaviness in my heart grew, and the world around me seemed to lose its color, leaving me feeling isolated and small.
initial normal mood me suddenly i've got this great idea! we should totally start a business importing exotic fruits from all around the world! sudden manic episode me excitedly yes! we'll call it global fruit delights ! we'll need a logo designed, a website, a supplier network, and a marketing plan! let's go, let's go, let's go! crash into depressive episode me dully global fruit delights... why did i even think that would work? we don't have
diagnosed w clinical depression, doc and brothers think i m hypomanic..might present myself to a psych ward to get proper diagnosis meds etc...also want to be taken this post is trash, i m sleeping. i might have bipolar 2...it is 6.08am and i haven t slept yet. i m crying and sighing...i just want to escape. nothing works to fill this void. drugs, sex, religion.... bipolar and extreme feelings of loneliness, someone cancel the i m half asleep
what do you hate being told the most? i hate when people tell me what i just need to do to get better. they act like if i just do something simple exercise more, cut out sugar, take whatever vitamins, etc. my life would be so much easier and i wouldn t struggle so much. they act like i m stupid because i can t function like a normal person and doing something simple is the answer. it is very frustrating. what do people tell you that you hate?
latuda? thoughts? i ve been through abilify that caused anxiety, seroquel which made me groggy and most recently zyprexa which made it impossible for me to wake up. prior to all of these i was only on lamictal and wellbutrin which had been working well until a hypomanic episode this summer. i begged my doctor to take me off of zyprexa which he did reluctantly. he mentioned latuda. has latuda worked well for anyone. your input is appreciated.
jumping up and down during mania i've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. during my manic episodes, when i get excited i start jumping up and down and i usually put my headphones on to intensify my mania . i've been doing this since i can remember and it's taking its toll on my knees. i'm currently taking meds for my disorder, but they're not stopping my jumping up and down. does anyone have a similar issue? how do did you stop control it?
does your mania hypomania always end with depression after? or has there been times where it hasn't for you? asking to be hopeful because i'm sure i'm going through mania right now and i was only out of depression for like 2 weeks before this hit. i really hope there's a chance i won't flip back there. i'm still trying to get my habits back in place that i fell out of and really can't afford to be screwed with depression for another 6 weeks.
despite the joy and creativity that can characterize manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the experience is not without its challenges and vulnerabilities. just as the highs can be exhilarating, the lows can be debilitating, with feelings of despair, worthlessness, and hopelessness often taking hold. for example, 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i can't get out of bed, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
the mask when depressed, does anyone else find themselves able, when necessary, to put on that mask that allows you to do life stuff? left to my own devices i'm a ball of torment in bed. but when i have to get up, i find myself inexplicably, convincingly interacting with people... it's like someone else takes over. as soon as i'm alone again, bam, the darkness is back. i desire only to be back to being a bed bound ball of torment once more.
need to do this this is a repost and i apologize if its the wrong thing for this subreddit. on r bipolar i saw a post from someone planning on committing suicide here https www.reddit.com r bipolar comments b0dtx5 this is the end my end . iv'e seen too many people go like this and feel obligated to do everything in my power to stop this. if you see this i ask that you just run over there and comfort them, assuming its not too late. please.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun has given way to an unexpected storm. one moment, i'm soaring high with a sense of boundless creativity and limitless potential. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark abyss of despair and hopelessness. it's like two extremes colliding within me, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my footing in the ever changing emotional landscape.
bipolar meds amp sleepiness temporary? just wanting to hear people's experiences. what meds are you on amp did they make you sleepy at first? did the sleepiness wear off over time as your body grew accustomed to the med? how long did it take? i'm on lamictal 300 mg and struggle to stay awake for even 12 hours at a time. i've been on this dose for over a month and the sleepiness is intense. i'm just wondering if it'll get better over time.
sex and bipolar it is so, so easy for a woman to get laid these days. combined with a hypomanic phase and a little too much time on your hands... i understand how people can get addicted to this. i've been through this before, but the force of it always catches me off guard. can't stop doing it. can't stop thinking about it. anyone else go through phases like this? how did you handle it? please don't get preachy on me, just need a friend.
mania mania mania mania i am searching for help with keeping your mania from affecting your job, relationships, or responsibilities. do you find it helpful to constantly reality check from the assumption that your reality is not the same as those around you. meaning is it helpful to stop and ask is this normal before you do or say anything? my boyfriend says this is not helpful but i am unsure of any other mania damage prevention methods.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inherent risk of sudden mood swings, leaving individuals vulnerable to intense sadness, hopelessness, and despair. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a brilliant project, brimming with inspiration and optimism. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of worthlessness and despair, unsure if there's any point in continuing.
high functioning bipolar i hate the fact that this exists. look, that person has bipolar disorder! what's your excuse? it enrages me. someone with an so, job, college education, independent living situation, transportation, what more could the universe fucking owe you? someone made a joke about the weather being bipolar! what? i wish i wasn't high functioning so people would realize i have a severe illness. what?! absolutely infuriating.
lost close friends because of my stupid decisions testing people? please someone relate to this. i told my friends that i do not like them, for some reason i was expecting them to say why , but they all replied with i don t like u too etc. then one of them said stop testing people it s immature i somehow get what she means but why do i do this. i have the urge to cut everyone off, expecting them to come back to me but now i feel like sht
bipolar disorder is marked by intense emotional highs and lows, with periods of mania or hypomania contrasting sharply with episodes of depression. the roller coaster of emotions experienced by those with bipolar disorder can feel exhilarating and liberating during manic episodes, only to plummet into a dark abyss of despair during depressive phases, leaving them struggling to maintain balance and stability in their emotional landscape.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you're elated and productive, the next, you're overwhelmed and unable to function. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, with highs that feel euphoric and lows that feel crushing. 'this morning, i felt alive and creative, brimming with inspiration. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to even get out of bed.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, transitioning from the elated highs of mania or hypomania to the lows of depression. these shifts can leave individuals feeling disconnected from their own emotions and struggling to maintain stability. the erratic nature of bipolar disorder can bring both immense joy and profound sadness, leaving those affected to navigate a rollercoaster of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you might be brimming with creativity and confidence the next, you're plunged into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and unmotivated. here's a brief thought that captures this shift 'last night, i was dancing in the moonlight, feeling alive and invincible. but today, as i lie in bed, the world feels heavy and distant, and i can't find the strength to get up and face it.
impulsive while depressed i feel like i always get impulsive when manic, but also impulsive when depressed. i relapse on drugs more when depressed and i do more risky behaviors in an effort to feel something better then how i feel. when i m depressed i m impulsive in order to escape the feeling i have vs when i m manic i m impulsive because i don t think things through and everything is a good idea that needs to be done then and now.
despite the excitement and creativity that often accompanies a manic episode, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. once the mania subsides, a deep sadness and lethargy may take its place, leaving the individual feeling isolated and helpless. example response 'yesterday, i was soaring high with grand plans and limitless energy. today, i'm stuck in a pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
hey y'all, i made a new album about my mental health issues, heartbreak, loss and other deep topics.. i spent the last 5 months only working on this, neglecting my school to do this. i'd really appreciate if anybody would give it a listen. also yes i am actually bipolar, i'm not bragging about it in the second song amp x200b https soundcloud.com tomniland sets aurora the journey https soundcloud.com tomniland sets aurora the journey
tomorow is bap day.. what are u going to do? it says 30.03 we shoud spread awareness acceptance let people know about bipolar disorder and so on. but im thinking about doing something for myself to make myself happier. as we are bap i think we all can do something to enjoy tomorow. i feel so out lately and a little bit sleepy or depressed and i dont know. just let me know if you have some idea what to do tomorow.. thanks. love u all
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind a whirlwind of ideas and plans. today, however, i'm trapped in a fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus or find motivation. another example just a few hours ago, i was engulfed in a manic episode, filled with grandiose thoughts and boundless energy. now, i'm crashing, feeling hopeless and worthless, unsure if i'll ever be able to get out of bed again.
any experiences of how long my insomnia will last from stopping seroquel? i am now on the lowest possible dose of 25mg. i'm finding it really hard to stop though. i don't seem to be getting any other withdrawals apart from insomnia. it's relentless and i'll just not sleep a single minute. after a couple of nights i end of caving in and taking my seroquel. does anyone have any experience of how long the insomnia lasts or any advice?
bipolar 1 type mania i know many of us question our diagnosis but it s more difficult when you ve had a manic episode with delusions. but sometimes i can still talk myself into believing the diagnosis isn t real and that those weren t delusions. i thought it was a spiritual awakening when it was happening and that i was one with god and had to save humanity. anyway dae who s had mania with delusions sometimes doubt their diagnosis?
nocturnal panic attacks? anybody experience waking through the night to a panic attack? it happened to me twice last night. i can count on one hand the total number of panic attacks i ve had in my life. not real sure what that was about. anxiety has been a problem for me, but not so much with the full blown panic. just curious of others who experience them, do they tend to happen in clusters? do you get them during the daytime too?
example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. but as the afternoon wore on, my mood began to darken, and i found myself consumed by feelings of sadness and despair.' mood shift example 'just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with excitement and inspiration. now, however, i'm hit with a crushing wave of depression, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
can t eat while depressive episode hello guys i m right now in a depressive episode and can t eat anything. i couldn t eat in the past days at all and when i finally eat a bite i straight throw up, i ve tried to eat slowly but everytime i see the food i just can t eat it and i fell sick right the second i see it and i was wondering if someone had some experience too with that and maybe have some suggestions how i can eat something.
psychiatrist came into my work? i recently saw my psych, and most of what she asked me about my work. the next day, she comes in never seen her there before and makes eye contact with me the whole time and it was really uncomfortable. i'm working on switching to a new doctor soon, for other issues with her. was it inappropriate for her to show up? maybe she was just hungry? she asked me a lot about work, now she suddenly shows up??
in the blink of an eye, the sunny optimism of mania can give way to the dark, debilitating fog of depression. arcturusdreams 2022 06 20 00 52 38 gmt excellent, arcturusdreams! here are a few more ideas 1. the elation of mania dissipates, leaving a hollow, empty void in its wake. 2. the manic high fades, replaced by the crushing weight of despair. 3. the brilliant colors of mania give way to the monochrome gray of depression. 4. the
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows. the highs, or manic episodes, can bring feelings of euphoria, creativity, and energy, while the lows, or depressive episodes, can leave individuals feeling hopeless, worthless, and exhausted. the emotional rollercoaster of bipolar disorder can be challenging to navigate and often leaves those affected feeling isolated and misunderstood.
does your team communicate? hi all, i was wondering whether your different care providers gp, psychiatrist, psychologist etc communicate about you? i get awfully paranoid about what people say behind my back even though i know they are just relaying facts and doing what is in my best interest. does anyone else get this feeling? i feel so stupid for being paranoid about it. sometimes i think the four of them are plotting against me.
i hate this disease i m so tired of being bipolar and having to live with it forever sounds like hell. i m gaining weight because of my medication, i ve always had a complicated relationship with my body and this has just made it worse. i don t feel hopeful about life, i m unemployed and broke, i have lost all sense of self confidence. i just want to scream. i feel so alone, no one understands. i hate my life. this is a nightmare.
sleeping is boring? preface i m diagnosed for 10 years but deemed stable enough so no treatment outside meds. so i don t have someone else to ask this question to. i have been lazy on my medication lately big mistake , but is anyone else really bored while sleeping while hypo manic? like waking up is a relief? i only sleep for a few hours because of this. just wondering if there s anyone else, if it s a symptom or if im just weird
despite the exhilaration and creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. from soaring heights to depths of despair, the mood swings of this condition can be unpredictable and disorienting. one moment, i'm engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and despair, unable to focus on anything but the weight of my own thoughts.
hormones? i recently went to the gynecologist to complain about my non existent sex drive. she tested me to see how my hormones were faring before doing the shitty thing and just sending me straight to my psychiatrist and making him deal with it. it turns out that my testosterone as well as my estrogen are low. i have the worst mood symptoms the week before my period and the week of my period. has anyone had a similar experience?
what's your long term medication plan? do you plan to take meds indefinitely? i know this sub tends to be pretty pro medication but the idea of being on them for life seems very daunting. it's that feeling they restrict dumb down in some way, and are likely harmful in the long term. like the idea of eventually tapering off and giving it a go, especially now off the non legal psychoactives, which were the primary episode triggers.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you might be elated and productive, the next you may feel hopeless and unable to carry out even the simplest tasks. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can be both exhilarating and exhausting. example 2 'this morning, i felt a profound sense of peace and creativity. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and an overwhelming sense of worthlessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and unexpected shifts in mood, energy levels, and thought patterns. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, the next, overwhelming sadness or lethargy may take hold. here's an example 'this morning, i felt invigorated and focused, accomplishing tasks with ease. but now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of despair, unable to find the motivation to even get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, brimming with new ideas and creativity. the next moment, you might be consumed by feelings of hopelessness and lethargy, unable to focus or carry out even the simplest tasks. these extreme mood swings can be disorienting and overwhelming, making it difficult to predict or prepare for the changes that may come.
bipolar disorder is characterized by dramatic emotional shifts, where one moment an individual may experience intense happiness, creativity, and productivity, only to suddenly plummet into deep sadness, hopelessness, and lethargy, and then, perhaps, cycle back up again. this rollercoaster of emotions can make it difficult for those living with bipolar disorder to maintain stable relationships, employment, and overall well being.
happiness after 15 years of misery, trying countless meds, being hospitalized multiple times, enduring 4 suicide attempts, i have achieved happiness and peace. my life is not perfect, there are things i still want to acheive. but the old me is gone. i am no longer a slave to the conventional desires of life. i want to spend the remaining time studying religion, philosophy, and happiness. and no i am not going to quit my day job.
wow. latuda lactation. i'm on 60mg latuda, 50mg trazodone. i've been taking that for about 3 months now. i'm now randomly lactating. i can't find much about this with latuda. has anyone else experienced this? my psych is a little confused about it, saying the latuda should have less side effects. im about to get a blood panel done. im also getting an mri because of my past history with breast cancer. co morbid diseases are dumb.
can you hallucinate taste? ever since i drank a whole bottle of cheap disgusting vodka during my overdose i ve been getting the horrible taste in my mouth quite often. is it a hallucination or a physical problem caused by drinking so much? i haven t touched alcohol since the overdose which was late january. the taste makes me feel sick it tastes exactly like it did when i was forcing the disgusting vodka down my throat. thanks.
i feel like an imposter i feel like i don't actually have bipolar. i was diagnosed but i feel like i might have been faking it. i don't know, i'm on meds now and i was diagnosed years ago so i don't remember. my mom tells me the way i was acting was very scary but i think i might have just been acting. my family always notices when i'm off of my meds but i think it might just be because i'm myself again. is this feeling normal?
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and sudden. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may be overwhelmed by sadness, hopelessness, or apathy. here's a brief thought that captures a common mood shift 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the motivation or energy to face another day.
while bipolar disorder often brings intense highs and lows, a subtle yet significant mood shift can also occur between them. for instance, after an exhilarating manic phase, one might experience a quiet, melancholic interlude, where the world seems muted and the joy of the mania gives way to a deep, introspective sadness. yesterday, i reveled in the vibrant energy of mania. today, i'm enveloped in a gentle, bittersweet sadness.
i can t even recognize myself uhhh so my self esteem has been so incredibly low that now when i look in the mirror i don t recognize my face. i feel like a stranger. it s scary and weird to look directly into my eyes in the mirror because i just feel like it s not me in the reflection. i avoid pictures and mirrors all the time and now i don t know how to get back to feeling at least a bit comfortable with ny face. please help.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and unstoppable. the next, you may be plunged into deep sadness or despair, unable to find motivation or focus. here's a possible thought just a week ago, i was brimming with inspiration and energy, dreaming up new projects and ideas. but now, i'm lying in bed, heavy with despair, unable to find joy or purpose in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed and lethargic the next. here's a brief thought that captures this shift i was dancing in the kitchen, lost in the rhythm of my favorite song, feeling alive and free. but now, as the music fades, i'm left in a dark room, the energy drained from my body, and the only sound is the echo of my own sadness.
despite the elation and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase of bipolar disorder, a sudden and profound shift can leave an individual feeling trapped in a dark and unmotivated depression. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a fiery passion for life, brimming with productivity and ambition. today, i'm ensnared by an inescapable lethargy, struggling to find meaning or motivation in even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, going from euphoric and productive to deeply despairing and lethargic in a matter of hours or even minutes. here's a brief thought that encapsulates this rollercoaster experience one moment, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with excitement and inspiration. the next, i was overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus on anything but the emptiness within.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional swings, oscillating between the highs of mania or hypomania and the lows of depression. the emotional landscape of this condition is like riding an unpredictable roller coaster, where joy and creativity intermingle with despair and exhaustion, leaving those affected to grapple with the unrelenting challenge of balancing their turbulent emotions and striving for stability.
lamictal, dry scalp and eyebrows. i have been on lamictal for a while now, and i have been doing research, i have bowl diseases, and possibly spondylosis. there is a gene, hla b17, which can cause some of this and if you are positive for that gene, it is possible to have an adverse reaction!! anyone else know of or have this gene, or take lamicital and have really dry skin on scalp, eyebrows and face so i know i'm not alone??
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes my bipolar highs, the crushing weight of depression that follows is a constant reminder that my mood swings are more than just ordinary ups and downs. yesterday, i was engrossed in a new project, brimming with inspiration and optimism. today, that same energy has drained away, leaving me feeling heavy and unmotivated, as if the very light within me has been extinguished.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may feel despairing, exhausted, and unable to focus. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a passionate project yesterday, feeling invincible and alive. today, i'm trapped in a deep pit of sadness and lethargy, unable to find motivation or joy.
bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition characterized by extreme emotional swings, ranging from intense highs manic episodes to deep lows depressive episodes . each mood swing presents a unique emotional landscape, disrupting daily life and relationships. the unpredictability and intensity of these shifts can leave those living with bipolar feeling disconnected from their own emotions and the world around them.
had my meltdown lastnight i just want to say this, i had my meltdown lastnight... i pop the pill and increase the dosage 3x was hoping i could end everything..... and took me flat in just 30 minute... my body feel very heavy and my heart racing then totally black out... i know i shouldn't do that.. i cant take it anymore last night ... today woke up in the morning i feel empty... i dont know what to do... i feel nothing ....
bipolar 3 checking in. how do people combat boredom, restlessness, and general apathy about everything during a depressive episode? trying really hard not to blow up my entire life because i m feeling low, restless, and dissatisfied for now for no discernible reason other than i m in a low cycle. i don t know how to cope. i m newly diagnosed and having awareness has been helpful in decision making but not in emotional feels.
this song gets me right in the feels. it has actually helped me get through some hard days. i want to share it in case it can help someone else. it doesn t just push that, it s ok! try hard! vibe. it s a, fuck man this is hard. keep fighting, vibe for me. i also think the song writer might be bipolar from the rest of the songs. so many just hit so close to home. stronger than dead. amigo the devil https youtu.be j281bgto q0
can medication kill creativity? i started taking quetiapine seroquel a few months ago and, while i've certainly had less negative thoughts and have been more functional, i feel like i'm no longer as creative as i used to be, something which affects my education as well as what i do with my free time absolutely nothing . i was wondering if anyone has experienced something similar, and if it's possibly a result of medication?
never gets better i got diagnosed with bipolar disorder late last year, started meds, was doing great! the best i ve been in years, until my meds started giving me side effects. it s been about 2 weeks since i ve stopped the meds and realized that i m never going to get better. i can t function without meds. i just think it s better to kill myself now 16 then let my life get worse. there s no hope. i ll always be like this.
it feels like my meds are helping! i have been in such a bad depressive episode since i lost my last job. like, rotting in bed bad. but i started lamictal in february and have been slowly working my way up, and i feel like as i m working my way up i m feeling better i hope it s not mania creeping up on me, thats always a worry of mine. i don t particularly feel manic, still depressed but able to do chores and get a new job!
person 1 mania i've got this idea for a business, i'm going to be the next big thing! i'll put all my savings into it and work 24 7 to make it a success! i can't sleep, i can't eat, but i'm unstoppable! person 2 depression silently why even bother? nothing i do matters. i can't make a difference. i don't have the energy to try. i'll just stay in bed all day. person 1 mania, after a few days i've failed, i've lost everything
i cant stop smoking. weed man. i dont get withdrawals when i stop or anything i just struggle so bad with controlling it. i promised myself i d take this week off of smoking and from here on out at least taking 2 days off a week, but i ve already smoked 3 times this week. it s the only fucking thing that keeps my moods under control when im home as my family is extremely toxic. i don t want this to turn into my old habits.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows, creating a rollercoaster ride of moods that can be both exhilarating and devastating. the highs bring elation, creativity, and a sense of invincibility, while the lows plunge into profound sadness, hopelessness, and despair. each mood shift brings its unique challenges, but the unpredictability and intensity keep the journey a complex dance of emotions.
do you live in fear of being involuntarily hospitalized? i've been involuntarily hospitalized once and it saved my life. it was something i needed at the time. however, following my diagnosis, i worry that family members will use it against me if i'm acting in a way they don't approve of. i'm worried they'll tell police officers i'm mentally ill and that i'll be handcuffed and forcibly hospitalized. is this fear realistic?
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected twists and turns, as one moment you may feel elated and productive, while the next you might be plunged into a deep depression, making it difficult to get out of bed or even focus on the simplest tasks. for instance, 'yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and enthusiasm, but today the weight of the world feels like it's on my shoulders, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and exhausted.
i called the suicide hotline.... i called them to thank them for all of the hard work they put in. i wanted to thank them for being there when i needed them. i wanted to let them know that i have been mostly stable for over a year. the operator on the other end sounded overjoyed that i was doing well. he said he would pass the good word around. made me happy to thank somebody for the service that has helped me in the past.
i lost weight on zyprexa o guysssss i started really committing to a diet after weight gain from all my meds and i'm actually losing weight on zyprexa! i legit didn't think it would be possible with all the hunger and it's notorious reputation. anyway i am feeling really in control after feeling completely helpless depakote weight gain like woah with my physical and mental state and just wanted to share with you all! ????
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive, brimming with creative ideas and boundless energy. the next moment, you might find yourself sinking into a deep depression, struggling to get out of bed or focus on even the simplest tasks. this unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions can make living with bipolar disorder a constant challenge.
what can you do when you're thinking about suicide? i'm seriously considering it and i think i'd be better off dead. my question is when you're suffering from emotional pain, and the pain hurts so much that you think about killing yourself not just because you feel worthless and like you're a bad person but because you want the pain to stop, how do you care for yourself? is there any drug you can take for emotional pain?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense shifts in mood, making it difficult to predict or control. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, while the next, you may be plunged into a deep sadness or despair. for example, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and focus. but suddenly, the mood dropped, and i found myself overwhelmed by feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness.
what do you think are the most annoying things about how people view bipolar? as a teen who got diagnosed with bipolar on the first year of high school, i found that there's a huge negative stigma surrounding bipolar between some of my friend groups and my school as well. so i just want advice on 2 things what are some common misconceptions things that you find annoying when people say it and what can i do to address it?
there are ups and there are downs weather changes? so yesterday i was feeling manic. it was a warm, sunny day i even got a new learning obsession. and today i woke up... like meh. and i am feeling sleepy even though i have slept for 10 hours. also because i didnt respond on yesterday s evening to somebody when i felt like i should and now everything is not the way it should be my ocd i might actually deserve all of this.
questioning medication? this probably isn't a universal experience, but since i've been on meds things have gotten a lot better. i still have the swings but i can manage to get through them without hospitalization now. but... i really just want to go off my meds. i feel like i might have been making up how bad it is. i want to see if i can survive without them, i hate the idea of being medicated for the rest of my life.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, moments of profound sadness and lethargy can unexpectedly follow, leaving an individual feeling as if they've been thrown a curveball, despite having just been on a high. 'yesterday, i felt invincible, overflowing with inspiration and passion. today, i'm stuck in a deep pit of despair, unable to find the energy to lift myself up.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. just moments ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation now, i'm unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me struggling to keep up with the ebb and flow of my own emotions.
signs of stability guys, i think i'm stabilizing. i sat down and painted for 3 hours yesterday and wasn't too restless to sit still. i am turning the music down to a reasonable volume instead of blasting it. i'm cleaning. i am having thoughts of budgets and time management. i feel like a different person with both feet on planet earth. what are signs you are starting to do well? wishing you all stability and happiness.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition marked by extreme emotional highs and lows. the highs can bring feelings of euphoria, creativity, and boundless energy, while the lows can leave an individual feeling trapped in a deep, debilitating sadness or hopelessness. this emotional rollercoaster can leave those living with bipolar disorder feeling overwhelmed, disconnected from reality, and uncertain of their future.
ama not ask me anything... against medical advice i took half my latuda dose a couple days ago to see if it would give me more energy. news flash i slept horribly and have been feeling the effects ever since. not sure if this is leading to depression or what because i rarely get depressed episodes but i cried and obsessed over the stupidest things yesterday. anyone know if this is possible just from reducing one dose?
vent i cant do this much longer that s just it. no one cares about the fact there is something wrong with me. they just see it as me being moody and an annoyance who destroys everything. i can t go on any medication because of it i ve tried everything else yet nothing helps. i can t sleep and these stupid episodes are fucking exhausting. i don t know what to do and i highly doubt there even is anything to actually do.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and the shift can happen in an instant, leaving you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
i swore to myself i would never get into another relationship after this wretched illness destroyed my marriage, and literally eliminated each of my friendships like a world class sniper. found someone finally.... and then i m told today that all too familiar, i deserve better, you are not emotionally available, i m very needy and you re not here even when you re here. pink slipped back into absolute loneliness. fuck.
bipolar disorder, also known as manic depressive illness, is a mental condition characterized by extreme mood swings between mania or hypomania elevated, irritable or expansive moods and depression. here's a brief thought the unpredictable waves of bipolar disorder steal the anchor of emotional stability, tossing one between the euphoria of mania and the depths of depression, creating a labyrinth of emotional turmoil.
is it fine or am i loopy from the nonexistent sleep? i am going on 2 weeks of little sleep. around an hour or 2 a night max. my doctor won t give me sleep meds due to me being too young because i would have to take them forever. i m looking for a new doctor. anyways i m having trouble feeling? i am dissociated majority of the time. i can t seem to go out without everyone noticing. it s exhausting on top of no sleep.
doctor only gave me enough meds for 7 days i m pretty sure it s because i was extremely dark at my appointment this week and he didn t want me to have access to excess pills but this means i don t have enough meds for 2 weeks until my next appointment. is it safe to half my dose of lamictal 100 mg to 50mg until my next appointment? he s out of office until my next appointment so i don t really have any other options
abilify withdrawal? i'm thinking of dropping my abilify 15mg to see if my lamictal is enough to hold my moods on its own. at the current dose lamictal has worked wonders for my depression anxiety, and if it's able to control my hypomania then that would be amazing, so i feel like this is something worth trying to keep my meds as few as possible. has anyone dropped abilify cold turkey? and was it painful or just meh?
experiences on zyprexa? i've been on zyprexa since the summer time and was wondering if anyone would like to share their experiences with it. i am not sure if i like it and am considering asking for a switch. pros full night sleep every night, no mania symptoms cons gained 40 lbs, seems to completely cancel out the effects of my adhd medicine vyvanse , bit more prone to depressive episodes anyone else on this drug?
essay about living with a mental illness deborah danner was killed by police in new york city. she was a woman living with schizophrenia. she was intelligent and insightful. although she did not have bi polar disorder, i think this essay about living with mental illness is appropriate for this subreddit. https www.nytimes.com interactive 2016 10 19 nyregion document living with schizophrenia by deborah danner.html
in the midst of an intense creative burst, the sudden arrival of crushing exhaustion and despair can leave a person with bipolar disorder feeling isolated and disoriented. example response 'just hours ago, i was engrossed in a brilliant new project, brimming with inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger, let alone focus on anything but the crushing weight of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional swings. one moment, you're elated and filled with creative inspiration the next, you're consumed by a deep sadness or intense anxiety. here's a thought that captures this mood shift 'this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to get out of bed.
omg i love lithium i had the choice between depakote and lithium and i love it. i always had trouble concentrating and racing thoughts but now i can sing along to music, do my hw, and notice small things like micro expressions just random things . i'm on 300 mg 3x a day, granted my lithium levels are at 0.4 but things are looking great so far. almost no side effects other than dry skin, extreme thirst and tremors
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next moment you might be consumed by a deep sadness or an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. here's an example i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus, but then the mood swung and now i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day.
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes hypomanic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent descent into depression can be sudden and devastating. for instance, yesterday, i was engrossed in a productive flow of thoughts and ideas, feeling more alive than i have in a long time. today, however, that energy has dissipated, leaving me with an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
dependence on therapist i attend iop groups and individual therapy sessions at the same place, my therapist who i have worked with on and off for a year and a couple months just told me today that she is leaving soon and i am heartbroken. i love my therapist and i don't know how i am going to keep progressing without her. there will be a replacement for her but idk what to do, i don't want a different therapist.
despite the excitement and creativity that comes with manic episodes, the subsequent depressive crashes can leave one feeling utterly depleted, as if all the energy and motivation have been sucked out, leaving a hollow shell of one's former self. for instance, yesterday, i felt invincible, filled with boundless energy and inspiration. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the will to get up and face the day.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, which can range from intense periods of elation and mania to deep sadness and depression. the emotional shifts in bipolar disorder can be sudden and unpredictable, making it a challenging condition to live with. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can feel euphoric and all consuming, only to be followed by a crushing sense of despair and hopelessness.
today i cried in therapy because i m tired of people worrying about me. i have confidence in my ability to take care of myself. i have been hospitalized twice and it was my decision both times. now it s a concern on whether i m capable of moving out of my parents house. i m a grown woman. i have a corporate job. i go to therapy. i go to groups. i take my meds. i have hobbies. worrying is not the same as caring.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might experience intense sadness, fatigue, or a loss of motivation. example response 'this morning, i woke up feeling bright and hopeful, ready to tackle the day. but as the hours passed, my mood plummeted, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to focus.
good tracking apps? i've been trying to find apps to track not just my overall mood but more so symptoms as i'm currently in a mixed episode. every app i've installed asks you for your overall mood of the day but currently i'm going from 0 to 100 multiple times during the day and also experiencing symptoms of mania and depression at the same time. does anyone know of any apps that will be good at tracking this?
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition marked by extreme emotional highs and lows. the highs can bring elation, creativity, and boundless energy, but can also escalate to mania or psychosis. the lows, in contrast, can descend into deep sadness, hopelessness, and even suicidal thoughts. the unpredictability of these shifts creates a rollercoaster of emotions that can feel both exhilarating and terrifying.
hello. hi i'm new here. been lurking for awhile. there's something on my mind that's bugging me. idk if i should believe and apply all the things i've read in this sub. part of me wants to think that some of the posters here are just trolls. idk, just passing by. maybe i'll open up and post about my experiences over time. anyways, thank you for reading and thank you for this sub. i'm sorry for taking your time
has anyone s manis been triggered by self harm? i know mania can be triggered by stress, but has anyone s mania been triggered by self harm? i know in the moment it doesn t feel traumatic but self harm is traumatic. i m struggling with thoughts of self harm i haven t been aware of my bp for long and i don t know what triggers my episodes, and i want to know if i were to self harm if i would trigger an episode.
oh, i'm the science witch the format of this reddit thing is all new to me...but i do like this dark mode. the science witch https www.michellelmead.wordpress.com is my blog, and it's full of rambling weirdness couched in philosophy and science lessons, all as an excuse to talk about my mental health journey through coping with bipolar and ptsd while i write a book. kinda messy, but scary fun at the same time.
just diagnosed. looking for some help with this. i was recently diagnosed and put on lamictal. looking back on life, i realize how bipolar has made me act towards certain aspects and has really turned my life upside down. i don't know how to recognize the episodes, or what to do even when i do recognize one. what is the best thing for you? how do you know when you're going through a depressive or high episode?
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unexpected as a storm rolling in, transforming a clear blue sky into a turbulent sea of emotions. one moment, you're engulfed in a wave of creativity and euphoria the next, you're plunged into the depths of despair and lethargy. 'just when i thought i'd reached the peak of inspiration, the world shifted beneath me, leaving me lost in the valley of depression.
latuda finally has a generic! it launched february 21st. i didn t know until half an hour ago when i picked up my prescription. instead of 150 after insurance for a 30 day supply, i paid 0 for lurasidone. 0!!!!! just wanted to share in case people don t know! if you re paying a lot for latuda, you can now get the generic! i am so psyched to have more money in my budget! that relieves so much stress, oh my god
despite the joy and productivity that comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can bring an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion, as if all energy and motivation has been sucked away. example response 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, tackling projects with ease and enthusiasm. today, i can barely get out of bed and the world feels heavy and unbearable.
cross post world bipolar day ama on r iama! we are a psychology teacher with bipolar disorder and a professor of psychiatry from an international research team working to improve lives of people with bd ask us anything! join us at r iama! reddit.com r iama comments b6zhfx we are a psychology teacher with bipolar disorder https reddit.com r iama comments b6zhfx we are a psychology teacher with bipolar disorder
if you have to take a med with a certain amount of calories how long can you wait after eating? so i take geodon at night and my psychiatrist told me to take it with 350 calories. normally when i'm at home i eat 4 tablespoons of peanut butter and take the geodon. but if i go out and have a big dinner how big of a window do i have to take the geodon? will it still work if i take it an hour later? half an hour?
living with bipolar disorder can feel like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of intense emotions, with highs that can soar to new heights and lows that can plunge into deep despair. this emotional volatility often leaves individuals with bipolar disorder feeling isolated and unable to predict or control their emotional responses, creating a profound sense of instability and uncertainty in their daily lives.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings profound lows. the euphoria of mania can suddenly give way to a crushing sadness and lack of energy, leaving one feeling isolated and overwhelmed. example response 'just a week ago, i was brimming with ideas and energy, feeling invincible. now, i can barely get out of bed, the world feels heavy and unbearable.
stimulants for bipolar ii i have had bipolar ii for about 14 years now, and have been on stimulant medications for perhaps six. i recently switched from dexedrine to vyanse, but i was wondering if there is anyone else who takes stimulants to help with the depressive state and lack of motivation that comes from bipolar ii? i find they do help a lot without making me go too manic, just enough to be extroverted.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. bipolar moodswings mentalhealthawareness moodshift depression mania bipolardisorderawareness moodswingsmatter mentalhealthmatters moodshiftshappen moodswingscanbedevastating moodswingscanbelifechanging moodswingscanbehealing moodswingscanbeempowering moodswingscanbeexhausting moodswingscanbeinspiring moodswingscanbeoverwhelming
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in darkness, replaced by a crushing weight of despair and apathy. the vibrant energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and hopelessness. it's a stark reminder that bipolar disorder is an unpredictable and volatile condition, capable of shifting moods and emotions in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, brimming with ideas and plans for the future. the next, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. the contrast between these two states can be both exhilarating and disorienting, a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me feeling both elated and depleted.
i ve been drinking a lot lately and it s definitely having an effect on me. tonight i feel like self harming. i don t think i will. but the urge is there and that makes me sad. i also just caught myself thinking i wanna do something stupid, like climb on the roof of my apartment building. idk, feeling manic, but a medicated sort of manic so the urge is there but i won t take the bait and it s so frustrating.
told my close friend i am bipolar i don t tell anyone this, only my immediate family and one other friend knows. we were talking about one of our mutual friends who also struggles with mental health and i told her that i m bipolar. she said, oh, that makes sense. i m more stable than i have been in years so hearing that was just like damn. is it that obvious? how do people normally react when you tell them?
anyone else not sleeping too well at the moment? lamictal quetiapine combo on low starting doses of quetiapine and lamictal which are working, slowly. after three nights of beautiful, undisturbed sleep on quetiapine my sleep pattern got fucked up and now i'm back down to my usually horrific sleep pattern. i need to hit the reset button somewhere. any of you guys had experiences with this combination before?
bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with sudden shifts from intense elation and mania to profound sadness and depression. each mood phase presents a unique challenge, as the highs can be exhilarating yet dangerous, while the lows can be debilitating and overwhelming. navigating this emotional terrain requires strength, resilience, and the support of loved ones and healthcare professionals.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can turn a day of elation into a night of despair in an instant. from soaring highs to crushing lows, the mood swings can leave one feeling both invincible and helpless. one moment, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with inspiration and productivity. the next, i was struck by a wave of sadness and exhaustion, unable to focus or even lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be consumed by sadness, exhaustion, and hopelessness. for example 'this morning, i woke up feeling invigorated and ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a wave of despair and can barely muster the energy to get through the evening.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, oscillating between mania or hypomania and depression. the emotional landscape of an individual with bipolar disorder is akin to navigating a turbulent sea, where the euphoric highs of mania give way to the crushing lows of depression, with no predictable rhythm or pattern. each shift unveils new challenges, necessitating resilience and adaptability.
despite the excitement and creativity that comes with manic episodes, the sudden plunge into depression can leave one feeling trapped and isolated, as if the vibrant colors of life have been replaced with a gray, monotonous existence. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a whirlwind of ideas and energy. today, the world around me seems muffled and lifeless, leaving me feeling disconnected and alone.
anyone had strattera induced hypomania? i've been diagnosed with adhd recently and stimulant medication isn't working too well for me. i'm trying concerta soon, but if that doesn't work my only other option is strattera. but i've seen a couple of articles saying that they've induced hypomania in a couple of people. is it like an anti depressant in that sense where it can cause mania in people with bipolar?
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there is also an inevitable crash. the exhilaration and productivity give way to an overwhelming fatigue and inability to focus, leaving the individual feeling trapped in their own body. 'yesterday, i felt unstoppable, bursting with ideas and energy. today, i'm stuck in a fog, unable to concentrate or even get out of bed.
despite the excitement and creativity that comes with manic episodes, the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder can suddenly shift to an overwhelming feeling of exhaustion and despair during depressive episodes. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and the weight of the world feels unbearable.
anyone else catch their episodes with a sleep tracker? after 2 years of stability i had a manic episode last year and was wearing a sleep tracker which seemed to document the episode pretty well, in terms of how sleep dropped as mania rose. i wrote about it here https medium.com bipolarguy321 going manic with a fitbit 6e7209d4bb54 has anyone else had a similar experience and care to share their sleep data?
bipolar rage i ve been in full on rage for like 2 days and it s draining me so badly. i can t tell if it s depression or mania or what but i literally feel it all through my body. nothing seems to calm me down but sleep, and dealing with my trauma has got me so raw and vulnerable that it has to contribute, but i can t get through work without feeling like i m gonna bug out. how do you guys deal with this?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and dramatic mood swings. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might feel hopeless, drained, and unable to function. for instance, i was engrossed in a project i was passionate about, filled with motivation and focus. but now, i can't seem to concentrate or find joy in anything, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark and unending fog.
marrow you always hated my poetry, just like you hate me, no more trying, some things bother me so i whine, if you don t like the ugliness of me i will put the shades down, might be calmer, probably merrier, don t want another hospital, just shut it out, bipolar equates to stupidity and a deficit, take care, be it henan or the midwest, i m just exhausted and feel hollow, like i have no marrow in my bones.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional swings, oscillating between manic highs and depressive lows. the rollercoaster ride of emotions can make living with the condition a constant challenge. at times, the manic energy and elation can feel invigorating, yet the subsequent depressive episode can leave one feeling exhausted and despaired, struggling to find the strength to face another day.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed and lethargic the next. for example 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world, my thoughts were racing and i was filled with energy. but now, as the day goes on, i'm hit with a wave of sadness and exhaustion, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can suddenly switch from intense elation to crushing despair, making everyday life a rollercoaster ride. one moment, you're brimming with creativity and optimism the next, you're drowning in a sea of sadness and exhaustion. 'this morning, i was filled with a renewed sense of purpose and productivity. now, in the evening, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and fatigue.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, it's essential to recognize that the experience of these shifts can be unique to each individual. here's an example of a mood shift thought 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling exhilarated and invincible. today, however, the same project feels insurmountable, and i'm overwhelmed by feelings of despair and hopelessness.
what do you consider the difference between bipolar i and bipolar ii, based on your perspective? i have bipolar ii and describe it as the sadder instead of madder version, but i don t know if that s really accurate. my manic episodes are generally not dangerous and i have no temper or anger issues. but my depressive states are lengthy and horrid and dark and deadly. i only know what i ve endured though.
while in the throes of a bipolar episode, a sudden shift in mood can leave one feeling disoriented and lost. for instance, after a day of intense creativity and productivity, the onset of a depressive episode might bring a crushing weight of apathy and despair 'yesterday, i was immersed in my art, ideas flowing like a river. today, that river has dried up, leaving me feeling empty and unable to create.
quick question should i take my seroquel now or not? my daughter went to sleep really early and i'm afraid she might wake up after i've taken my seroquel already. it takes about an hour to work. i've never tried to stay awake after i've taken it so i don't know what to expect if i did. would i hallucinate? and if i did skip it tonight is there a chance i could withdrawal tomorrow? thank you in advance!
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, brimming with creativity and inspiration. the next, you might find yourself in a pit of despair, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed. living with bipolar feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster, where the highs are exhilarating but the lows can leave you feeling lost and depleted.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, bursting with enthusiasm and productivity. the next, you might find yourself lying in bed, unable to get up, enveloped in a crushing wave of depression and fatigue. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and each shift can be as unpredictable and disorienting as the last.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from the intense highs of mania or hypomania to the deep lows of depression. these emotional shifts can be unpredictable, sometimes occurring suddenly and without warning, leaving the individual feeling overwhelmed, disoriented, and struggling to maintain control of their emotional and psychological well being.
what are you good at? i was just thinking today as i work on a painting and deal with soul sucking depression that i am extremely talented. i ve gotten full ride scholarships for art school, i have won state awards, i don t think i ve ever not gotten into a juried show, i rule. i know how easy it is to get caught up in your negative qualities especially with mental illness but what are your strengths?
i cried at midnight in new york i live in california. i watched the new york times square celebration online. at midnight their time, 9pm my time, i watched the ball drop and saw everyone so excited, and i started bawling my eyes out. i'm not excited for the new year. last year i struggled so hard and i feel like this new year is going to be more struggling and more feeling like i'm never good enough.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadows battle within, leaving the individual feeling lost in the shifting terrain of their own emotions. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, my mind a whirl of creativity and possibility. now, as the sun sets, i am consumed by an overwhelming sadness, as if my world has crumbled around me.
being bipolar and having big dreams. i recently found out that i'm bipolar and i've suffered from it for a long time. i tend to procrastinate too much, but sometimes i get focused on things that aren't so useful. i really want to go to university, but i'm afraid i won't keep it until the end. from being depressed lying in bed or hypomanic focused on other matters. does anyone have any tips to help me?
akathisia abilify vs rexulti? i am on abilify and it is working really well. however, the akathisia is near intolerable so my doctor is switching me to rexulti supposedly has fewer side effects . anyone make the switch from abilify to rexulti for akathisia reasons? also, how did it affect your appetite weight gain? my appetite is way up but i'd rather be stable if it means being a little chunkier haha
am i the only one? i got on medications for bipolar 2, i like them and i don't yeah sure i feel less crazy in a sense but i also feel like a walking zombie at times. it's a love hate relationship at this point, but i know it's something i must take for the rest of my life but at times i just i don't do feel like me at times. more of a bleh feeling..am i the only one who feels like this? is it normal?
what diagnoses did you have before you finally got the correct one? i had so many doctors think so many things were wrong with me over the years, i'm curious to know how your experiences were. in order, i was diagnosed with borderline pd, bulimia nervosa , major depressive disorder, general anxiety disorder, dyslexia , and finally... bipolar type 2 . things they were unfortunately mostly right about.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness or restless agitation. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and the shifts can be as unpredictable as the wind. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a productive work session this morning, but now all i want to do is curl up in a ball and sleep.
despite the excitement and creativity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings periods of profound sadness and exhaustion, as the energy that once fueled productivity and innovation drains away, leaving only a heavy, unrelenting fatigue. 'yesterday, i was brimming with ideas and optimism. today, i'm trapped in a thick fog, unable to find the motivation or strength to move forward.
midday coffee? i should give it up right? because i m kind of agitated amped up now and i should already be asleep. ideas for helping to calm down go to sleep? tell me all about your experiences with caffeine and coffee, fellow bipolar people. one of the trains of thought running through my head right now is in my own language gibberish which makes me think maybe i can t blame this all on coffee lmao
aripiprazole prescribed to my 16 year old brother. hi, my little brother, 16y, has been diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. he describes intense feelings of anger, anxiety, and goes through episodes of blacking out. the psych has just prescribed him aripiprazole 5mg. my mom is very concerned and wants to consider other options, mainly due to his age. do you guys have any suggestions? thanks.
bipolar in the media so i just read this article lost child https www.cnn.com 2019 04 05 us timmothy pitzen investigation friday index.html and i was mad sad when i read that his brother claimed he was bipolar, but essentially should have had the self restraint to not do this. if my own experiences are anywhere close to normal, you are not rational when manic assuming he was . thoughts ? opinions ?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and unstoppable the next, you could be plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing lethargy. here's a thought that captures this rollercoaster of emotions just when i was basking in the warmth of a sunny, productive day, the storm clouds rolled in, leaving me feeling cold, alone, and overwhelmed.
alcohol and sobriety has anyone had any luck staying sober for a long period of time? my partner and his family drink often. i really want to stay sober but i feel i won't be fun or the person he met 9 years ago if i don't drink. when i do drink i can black out and or do things i regret and it messes with my stability. how have you handled going to social events sober and still having a good time ?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadow cast by a mood pendulum flicker in rapid succession. for instance, 'yesterday, i reveled in the brilliance of my new project, convinced of its brilliance and my ability to bring it to life. today, the same project feels like an insurmountable mountain, its potential for failure looming large.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and unexpected mood swings. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, overwhelmed and hopeless. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from reality. for instance, 'yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. today, i'm stuck in a dark pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
this is for an article about how emotional rollercoasters of bipolar disorder can affect our daily lives and relationships. bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster swings between intense highs and lows, each moment leaving indelible marks on our daily lives and relationships. these unpredictable shifts can lead to missed opportunities, damaged connections, and a feeling of perpetual instability.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability can turn a day of boundless creativity and productivity into a day of debilitating sadness or immobilizing lethargy, leaving one feeling both elated and dejected within the span of a single week. 'i soared through the clouds with boundless inspiration just yesterday today, however, i'm trapped in a dark and bottomless pit, unable to find my way back to the light.
not sure what this is. i have these kind of episodes where my mind suddenly brings up dark memories and emotions. i'm overwhelmed by them and my mind interprets my surroundings based on the feelings and memories i'm experiencing. i'm aware of my surroundings and i don't zone out but the thoughts become overwhelming and i can't get them out of my head. it's not a flashback. i don't know what it is.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the storm within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark and heavy fog. my thoughts race uncontrollably, yet my body is sluggish and unresponsive, as if tethered to the ground by an unseen force. the contrast between the external vibrancy and the internal turmoil is a stark reminder of the complex and unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel euphoric, creative, and productive. the next, you may experience profound sadness, hopelessness, and a lack of motivation. for instance, i was engrossed in a passionate project yesterday, overflowing with inspiration. today, i'm immersed in a deep, debilitating sadness, unable to focus on anything but my pain.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, moments of profound sadness and hopelessness can follow, leaving individuals feeling isolated and lost in their darkness. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a whirlwind of productivity and enthusiasm. today, the world seems gray and lifeless, and i'm unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
lamictal and delayed period? any correlation? i recently got back on lamictal 3 14, i was supposed to get my period a few days ago and so far still nothing. from what i remember the last time i was on lamictal i never had an issues with it affecting my period but things could be different this time around. has anyone with a uterus experienced a delay in their period as a side affect of lamictal?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might experience deep sadness, lethargy, and an inability to focus. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and motivation. suddenly, a wave of despair washed over me, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to continue.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and dramatic. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, bursting with creativity and optimism. the next, you might be consumed by a deep sadness or an overwhelming sense of hopelessness, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from yourself and the world around you.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, you may feel invincible, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks. these shifts can be disorienting and overwhelming, leaving you feeling like you're on an emotional rollercoaster.
constant drowsiness on meds? does anyone else experience this? i can t really describe it other than it feels like i can t keep my eyes open or concentrate it s not just feeling tired. i ve gone down in dosages three times and am still having this problem. all else seems okay though? from what i ve read online drowsiness is common with bipolar meds but i haven t seen any suggestions to help it?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, you may be engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration and enthusiasm. the next, you might be consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or even the will to get out of bed. it's an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and powerless.
employer prying i have told my new job that i have a chronic health condition, but it is under control with medication and specialists. the manager owner is really pushing trying to find out what it is. i know legally i do not have to disclose, but this is starting to get uncomfortable. how can i politely and professionally get this to stop? note there isn t really an option for hr to step in.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur in the blink of an eye, leaving one feeling lost and alone in the midst of their intense emotions. for instance, 'i was dancing joyfully in the rain yesterday, feeling unstoppable. today, i'm curled up in a ball, unable to find the strength to get out of bed, as the dark clouds of depression envelop me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next you might be plunged into a deep depression or debilitating lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt creatively inspired and ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to eat.
in bipolar disorder, one moment you may be elated, overflowing with creativity and productivity, only to suddenly plummet into a deep depression, leaving you feeling hopeless and unable to function. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a heavy sadness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition marked by extreme emotional highs and lows. the constant fluctuation between mania and depression creates an unpredictable emotional rollercoaster, leaving individuals feeling both exhilarated and exhausted, hopeful and hopeless. the swings can be so intense that they impact an individual's relationships, work, and overall quality of life.
despite the excitement and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. one moment, you might feel elated, productive, and invincible. the next, you could be consumed by despair, unable to focus or take even the simplest actions. this unpredictable emotional rollercoaster can leave you feeling isolated, powerless, and uncertain of the future.
pro s and con s of common medications for bipolar ii? i m going to likely be on med s soon, and i want to know what are the pro s and con s of the medications in terms of what it does for you vs the side effects? i know that finding the right dosage and medicine is like throwing darts blindfolded, but i just want to have a general idea of the medications before i get started with this process
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. the next, you might find yourself lying in bed, overwhelmed by a crushing sadness or apathy. it's as if two opposing forces are constantly battling within you, leaving you feeling disconnected from yourself and the world around you.
inside sales does anyone else in here work in sales? it s hard some days to motivate myself to pound out phone calls and perform how i know i should. lots of pressure on me to move up quick and it doesn t help out. worried i m going to crash and burn as i progress. doesn t help that when i taste success i tend to get manic. sorry for the ramble just curious if anyone else is in sales with bp
bipolar people with bipolar family members, do you guys seem to sync up phases with said family members? it seems like my brother, dad, and i do i m trying to test it by popping in at my parents house when i just started a manic period of just left one to compare contrast to my dad my brother lives near me same university , so our sync could be weather or the time of the semester or whatnot
what songs hit your soul? was discussing music on another post, it makes me wonder . which songs do you listen to when you re in the depths of this illness? or experiencing the highs? i always love music suggestions. i ve found the best artists this way. share with me lol! one song i sing loudly in the shower is 1x1 by bring me the horizon. the lyrics remind me so much of what i go through.
i need to talk to someone who s lived with this illness longer for advice age doesn t really matter as much i just need to talk to someone who s struggled with this illness for 5 years and has landed on their feet. i have a lot of things to ask, and a lot of them are personal. i m not sure if this is against the rules, from what i ve read i can t see any rule against this. thanks in advance
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. example 2 'this morning, i was lost in a whirlwind of inspiration and productivity. now, as the day goes on, i find myself slipping into a darker place, the weight of the world pressing down on me.
despite the exhilaration of manic highs, the crushing weight of depressive lows in bipolar disorder can unexpectedly surface, as the world that was once vibrant and full of possibility now appears dull and unbearable 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm consumed by a paralyzing apathy and despair, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you may feel euphoric, creative, and productive the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness, exhaustion, or hopelessness. here's a possible thought 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to face another day.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy. the next moment, you could be plunged into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and unable to motivate yourself to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from yourself.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disconnected from reality and overwhelmed by emotions. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, basking in the limelight of my success. but now, the darkness has descended, enveloping me in its suffocating embrace, leaving me a prisoner to my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder is a complex condition characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows. the emotional rollercoaster can be exhilarating during manic episodes but crushing during depressive ones, leaving the person feeling lost, isolated, and drained. yet, amidst the chaos, there are moments of clarity, self discovery, and resilience that fuel the journey towards healing and acceptance.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and in control, ready to tackle any challenge. now, as evening approaches, i'm engulfed in a dark wave of hopelessness and apathy, unable to summon the energy to face even the simplest tasks.
do lamictal side effects go away? i m on my 3rd day of 25mg lamictal and i am so drowsy and disoriented. i can t think or even walk straight. i have no motivation to do anything and it s made me more depressed. i told my psychiatrist and he says it will only last the first few days and i should keep taking it. will it actually go away or should i insist on being prescribed something else?
advice for a bipolar person taking lithium for the first time i'm just really curious about prescription meds. months ako i was prescribed lithium by the doctor but i had issues with addiction not drug related before so i kinda avoided it until now. if so, what are your experiences with it? also, are there meds specifically when someone is in a depressive or manic episode? thanks so much.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy can occur without warning, leaving one feeling both disconnected from reality and deeply entrenched in it. for instance, 'this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and purpose. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to find the motivation to get up and face the day.
oh i guess my mania might have got me in a bit of a pickle i was manic a while ago, and i finally checked my email. i applied for colleges when i was manic and i lied on the forms and i signed things that said i would get fined for lying. i also hired an attorney to sue ppl , but it gets worse, it s my friends dad. i guess this is just a good rule, check your emails after a manic episode
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from the highs of mania or hypomania to the lows of depression. the unpredictable nature of these shifts can leave individuals feeling isolated, powerless, and overwhelmed, oscillating between euphoria and despair, causing an emotional rollercoaster that can be difficult to manage and understand.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have swallowed me whole, leaving me trapped in an endless sea of despair. just yesterday, i was filled with boundless energy and creativity now, even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature has once again left me reeling, struggling to find my footing amidst the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, making it difficult to predict or control. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and full of life, while the next you could feel hopeless, helpless, and lost in a dark abyss. for instance, 'yesterday, i was bursting with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in an impenetrable fog, unable to find motivation or joy.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you might be elated, filled with creativity and enthusiasm. the next moment, you could be plunged into deep sadness or despair, feeling hopeless and helpless. for example, this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and darkness.
despite the joy and creativity that comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can leave individuals feeling trapped in a deep, dark pit, with even the simplest tasks seeming insurmountable. 'yesterday, i was soaring high with boundless energy and inspiration. today, i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
is there any correlation between bipolar 1 and how we perceive fear? i cant play scary games or watch scary movies. i want too, and i try too but everytime i do i just get paralyzed by fear and can't move forward or continue watching. it seems so easy for others to enjoy but even though i know it's fake it always seems too real for me. could there be any connection or am i just a wuss?
despite the excitement and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can leave individuals feeling isolated, helpless, and utterly devoid of energy. for example 'i spent hours planning and organizing a project during my manic phase. now, in my depressive episode, i can barely lift a finger to execute even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, you might be filled with creativity and boundless energy the next, you may feel trapped in a dark and endless pit of despair. 'this morning, i was brimming with optimism and motivation. now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and an inability to find meaning in anything.
for example, one could describe a rapid mood shift as feeling the joy of an unexpected reunion, followed quickly by the despair of a familiar separation. here's an alternative thought bipolar disorder is a labyrinth of emotions, where moments of elation and boundless creativity alternate with periods of crushing despair, leaving one feeling both triumphantly alive and unbearably lost.
finally found the right medication cocktail ?? i'm so happy and i just wanted to share. after years of misdiagnoses and bad meds, i finally found the right ones! i feel like myself again! it has effected my sex drive but i'm working on that. but all and all i feel stable and happy! i wish the best for all of you and don't give up! so the right combo is out there for you! stopthestigma
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and crushing lows. a brief shift in mood might look like 'last night, i felt euphoric and inspired, filled with grand plans and new ideas. but this morning, i woke up to a heavy fog of despair and doubt, unsure if i have the energy to get out of bed, let alone tackle the day.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next moment plunged into deep sadness or immobilizing fatigue. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to take on the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to get off the couch.
lithium poisoning???? has anyone experience lithium poisoning on any scale? i've been taking lithium for 5 years and it works so.damn.well. i take an amount that has me dangerously close to toxic levels. i fully expect to suffer the consequences later in life but i'm wondering if anyone experiences side effects of toxicity. how long have you been taking lithium, how old are you, etc.?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, leaving one feeling both invincible and helpless in the span of a moment. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, bursting with creativity and productivity. now, in the blink of an eye, i'm consumed by a dark and overwhelming sadness, unable to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
how long is this gonna take?! i have bipolar one and my mom had it too, along with heavy drug use. she left when i was five. we had an on and off relationship i tried until i was 22. she died almost three years ago april 1st will be three years and it still hits me heavy. my question is, is three years still a recent loss ? according to my psych it is apparently. what do u guys think?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive the next, you could be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, or a mix of both. for example 'i was engrossed in a creative project this morning, bursting with inspiration. but now, as evening falls, i'm enveloped in a fog of despair and lack the energy to carry on.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings. one moment, you're elated and productive, the next, you're overwhelmed and unable to focus. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions. 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and motivation. suddenly, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find joy or meaning in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you may feel euphoric, creative, and full of life the next, you're in the depths of despair, unable to find motivation or joy. example response 'this morning, i was brimming with inspiration and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in an overwhelming sadness, unable to focus on anything but my pain.
saved a ton of water thanks to not showering due to depression i just got my annual bill and i used a fifth less water than previous years. since november i've been showering very little. at one point it got so bad i wouldn't shower for 10 days, so yeah that saved a lot of water lol. doesn't make up for all the money i spent during hypomania that came after, but it's still nice haha
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from intense elation to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self, as if they've traversed an emotional chasm in the blink of an eye. for instance, last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has suddenly turned dark and stormy, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me. the joy and excitement that once filled my days have been replaced by a heavy sense of sadness and apathy. it's as if i've been transported to a completely different place, one where the light of day seems to hold no meaning or purpose.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, you may find yourself lying in bed, unable to get up, overwhelmed by sadness and despair. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from your own life.
zero sex drive while hypomanic it's the only symptom i don't experience with hypomania. it's actually the opposite i am so high strung and hyperfixated on so many things that i completely forget about sex. i am not asexual in any way but the idea is just so unappealing during my episodes. i've never seen anyone share this sentiment and am left wondering if it's really that uncommon?
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase of bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable flip side the crushing lows of depression. this dichotomy can be encapsulated in the following thought 'just when i thought i was invincible, bursting with life and inspiration, a sudden wave of despair and hopelessness has left me feeling completely powerless and numb.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, overwhelmed and unable to function. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and creative, ready to tackle any project. but now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion, unable to focus or engage in even the simplest tasks.
meditation during an episode are any of y'all avid meditators insightful individuals? and have any of y'all ever meditated during either a manic, hypomanic, depressed, or mixed episode and came to any realizations or epiphanies about your disorder? i'm curious if anyone has any deep and or unique ideas, perceptions, or wisdom about bipolar disorder and or mental illness in general.
bipolar reddit, what's the best life lesson you've learned after coming out of a psychosis? after my first one i basically had to reprogram my mind. i found that there was a lot of nonsense thoughts that i didn't even agree with. so i learned to be mindful of the ideas and thoughts i allow to circle around in my mind. what's yours??? edit apparently bipolar people are wise as fuck.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, moments of intense sadness and despair can suddenly emerge, leaving the individual feeling isolated and helpless. for instance, 'yesterday, i was elated and productive, overflowing with optimism. today, i'm consumed by hopelessness and doubt, unable to find meaning or motivation in anything.
klonapin? anyone prescribed kpins daily long term for anxiety with bipolar? i m not super convinced psychs like to prescribe benzos long term for daily use but i m taking it along w lamictal and seroquel rn and the klonapin is really helping slow my mind and help me function. i m afraid my psych won t let me be on it long term even if it s working. just wondering your experience??
in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling as if they've stepped off a rollercoaster and landed in a bottomless pit. 'yesterday, i basked in the warm glow of mania, overflowing with creativity and boundless enthusiasm. today, i'm ensnared by the paralyzing grip of depression, unable to find motivation or joy.
sex and scars sh trigger warning so i haven t sh in like 5 months, but i have some pretty deep scars on my thighs, what do i tell someone if i m hooking up with them and they see them. i m really worried it a. kill the mood b. bring up a whole lot of stuff i know have to tell them. i know this might seem like a weird question but i ve been thinking about it since i stopped cutting
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you may feel euphoric, creative, and invincible the next, you might be consumed by despair, hopelessness, and a lack of motivation. example 2 'just hours ago, i was lost in a whirlwind of productivity, brainstorming new projects and making plans. now, all i want to do is hide under the covers and escape from the world.
depakine chrono 500 a day for a week now and i feel like shit my anxiety started hitting levels i don't know exist.. i feel tired all the time, can't foucs much, motivation is low also.. i just want to know if these symptoms will go away with time or i should stop the meds and wait for my next doc appt ps my final is 2 weeks away so this is really important decision for me to make
bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, one moment elation, the next moment despair, leaving me struggling to keep up with the relentless wave of highs and lows. for instance, 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invigorated, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to lift my head from the pillow.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected. yesterday, i was brimming with energy and inspiration, my mind a whirl of ideas and possibilities. today, that fire has been extinguished, leaving me feeling flat and empty, the weight of the world pressing down upon me.
forgetting episodes does anyone else have holes in their memory from specific hypomania and or depressive episodes. when family have brought up situations where i was manic or depressed i generally have very little to no recognition of what they re talking about and it usually takes a lot of detailing to get me to vaguely remember. please tell me i m not alone it s a little scary.
are we allowed to drink in moderate doses? hello all, i am wondering if we are allowed to drink. my doctor told me that i may use from time to time but he didn't tell a definitite amount. i am wondering about your experience with alcohol? i am on olanzapine, sertraline and lithium. is it okay to drink one or two glasses of wine or beer once in a while e.g one or two days a week ?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression or paralyzing lethargy. it's as if an invisible tide has come in, lifting you up and then pulling you back down under, leaving you disoriented and struggling to find your footing.
though the sun shone brightly outside, the depths of my soul were enshrouded in a dense fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and disconnected from the vibrant world around me. the shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder can be as abrupt as the changing of the seasons, leaving those affected by it struggling to keep their footing amidst the tumultuous tides of emotion.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and self care routines, the sudden onset of a depressive episode can be disorienting. just a week ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and enthusiasm. but now, the spark has been extinguished, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and apathetic, struggling even to complete the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected shifts in mood and energy, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply despairing and lethargic the next. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, tackling projects left and right. now, it's late afternoon, and i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
antipsychs and binge eating?? seroquel and now abilify, which i take before bedtime. is this just me or does everyone get intense munchies from these types of meds? does anything help to decrease the urge to eat a billion chips and crackers at night once they start kicking in? i would like to not have to choose between being stable or wearing only spandex and capes from now on.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you might be consumed by despair and unable to motivate yourself. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project this morning, feeling brilliant and alive. now, in the afternoon, i'm overcome with sadness and can't bring myself to focus on anything.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, brimming with creativity and ideas. the next, you might find yourself feeling low, lethargic, and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. these mood swings can happen unexpectedly, making it challenging to predict or prepare for the shifts that may come.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you might feel elated and productive, the next moment you could be consumed by overwhelming sadness or fatigue. for instance, this morning, i was filled with a sense of creativity and productivity. now, in the afternoon, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can't seem to focus on anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and unstoppable the next, you might experience profound sadness, fatigue, and a lack of motivation. for example 'this morning, i felt alive with a renewed sense of purpose. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing despair that leaves me unable to move or think.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation today, i'm struggling to find the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder can be unpredictable, turning a day of productivity into one of profound lethargy in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled joy the next, i'm plunged into the depths of sadness and exhaustion. the contrast between these extreme moods can be both exhilarating and terrifying, leaving me longing for the stability of emotional equilibrium.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the energy and motivation that once fueled my creativity and productivity have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. this shift in mood, a common experience for those with bipolar disorder, can be both disorienting and disheartening.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling utterly depleted, as if the very essence of energy has been drained from their being. 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a blissful euphoria, my mind racing with boundless creativity. today, i'm ensnared in a hopeless abyss, unable to muster even the simplest of tasks.
welp, giving up on sleep for tonight. what do y'all do to help insomnia? i'm more than a week now of laying in bed for hours before finally falling asleep. for the last four days i got up after 2 00 pm. i'm assuming i'm in a mixed episode so hopefully it'll change soon. getting real ????? of this shit. of course now that i decided to give up i'm quite sleepy again gt 7 42am ??
despite the joy and productivity that comes with manic episodes, the sudden shift to a depressive state in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling isolated and trapped in a dark, unending pit. 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration. today, i'm stuck in a cycle of negative thoughts, unable to find motivation or interest in anything around me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you're overwhelmed, exhausted, and unable to focus. example response 'i was engrossed in a creative project yesterday, bursting with ideas and energy. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed, feeling like a heavy weight is pressing down on me.
in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as unpredictable as the wind. one moment, you're soaring through the skies on wings of inspiration the next, you're buried beneath a mountain of sadness, unable to lift the weight. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling both exhilarated and terrified at the same time.
what is the best coolest thing you did for yourself while experiencing a manic hypomanic episode? i wanna remember it s not all bad sometimes. so hit me w some stories guys. or, what are some non self destructive things you like to do when manic hypomanic? i learned memorized the moonlight sonata during an episode. not the greatest thing but hey, still pretty fuckin cool lol.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may be filled with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, you may feel overwhelming sadness or exhaustion. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invigorated, ready to take on the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a heavy fog of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and devastating lows. one moment, you might feel euphoric and invincible the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and creative, buzzing with inspiration. now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
despite the elation and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, the crushing weight of depression that accompanies the lows in bipolar disorder can leave an individual feeling isolated and powerless. for instance, 'yesterday, i was bursting with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm confined to my bed, unable to find the energy or motivation to even lift a finger.
while bipolar disorder can bring about intense highs and lows, the shift between these moods can be as sudden and profound as the storm that follows a calm summer day. for instance, 'i was lost in the euphoria of a manic high, believing i could conquer the world. but in an instant, the clouds gathered, and i was plunged into a deep, dark depression, unable to find my way out.
while mania can bring feelings of grandiosity, invincibility, and boundless energy, bipolar depression can leave one feeling hopeless, empty, and utterly drained. a shift from the elated heights of mania to the depths of depression in bipolar disorder can be jarring and disorienting, leaving an individual struggling to find a sense of footing and meaning in their experience.
when do i tell him? i ve been dating this guy for the past nine months. we re mutually exclusive but not yet bf gf. i have bipolar 2 disorder and have been diagnosed on a few occasions. i fear that if i tell him, or he experiences me during an episode it ll be too much. so my question is when is the right time? how do i have this conversation? when did you tell your partner?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. kimberly j. smith kimjsmith march 28, 2018 bipolar disorder from the peak of mania's height, crashing into the depths of depression's abyss. alexander russell alexander russell april 1, 2018 bipolar disorder from the brightest sun to the darkest night, in a heartbeat. amy morin amymorin april 3, 2018 b
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may be enveloped in a deep sadness or despair, unable to summon the motivation to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from your own experience and uncertain of what tomorrow may bring.
despite the sun shining and a beautiful day outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the energy and motivation that once fueled me have vanished, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me. this is the bittersweet nature of bipolar disorder the unpredictable dance between mania and depression.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel euphoric, creative, and unstoppable. the next, you could be consumed by a deep sadness, despair, or hopelessness. example response 'this morning, i woke up feeling invincible, ready to conquer the world. but now, as the day wears on, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of exhaustion and doubt.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense joy and creativity to profound sadness and exhaustion. here's an example of a brief thought that captures a mood shift i was elated, my mind racing with ideas and energy, feeling like i could conquer the world. but now, just hours later, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely lift my limbs from the bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might feel overwhelmed, apathetic, and unable to focus. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a project yesterday, bursting with inspiration and motivation. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed, feeling empty and devoid of purpose.
goodbye mania, hello migraines. i just had a period of mania that lasted for about a month. my meds were moved around a bit and now, i m plummeting. i have a horrible migraine and i feel the depression washing over me. i feel uncoordinated and confused. i m not looking for a fix. i know i just need to ride it out like i always do. i just want a reminder that i m not alone.
when do you guys go to the hospital? i know i'm not actually a danger to myself, but i'm so numb and painfully bored and have less than zero motivation, i don't want to do anything at all so i'm laying in bed wanting to die. the hospital obviously seems excessive but i'm just so tired of feeling this way and i was wondering at what point have you guys checked yourself in?
how do i stop eating ?!?!?! i gained a lot of weight on latuda. i got put on abilify when i was hospitalized recently and developed some really really disordered habits to lose the weight. i'm down 17lbs but all of a sudden instead of next to nothing i'm going way over my healthy calorie limit for the day. i don't know what to do. i'm panicking. i can't gain weight again.
productivity and decision making when hypomanic. what helps maintain a semblance of productivity when you are hypomanic, how do you stop doing half jobs getting distracted? also, what helps you with making day to day decisions? i sometimes spend hours doing the grocery shopping because every item i weigh up whether cost, nutrition, or other reasons are the most important.
does it ever get better? been struggling to find a reason or meaning, or a light at the end of the tunnel. all the pills, therapies, counseling, doctors can't seem to fix what's wrong with me. it all feels for nothing. i feel like i'm permanently broken, discarded, a former shell of a person. times become irrelevant. i don't live life, i just exist. i wish i could fix me.
new psychiatrist prescribed abilify, lexapro, and lamictal has anyone been on this combo or any individually for bipolar agoraphobia? i ve only been on them for a few days, i take them at night and wake up extremely groggy in the morning. it feels like i m hungover even though i didn t drink. do the side effects dissipate after a while? thanks in advanced for any advice!
despite the sun shining outside, i'm enveloped in the oppressive weight of depression, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. just a few days ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, but now i'm stuck in a fog, unable to focus or find motivation. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both powerless and disconnected from my former self.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. just a few days ago, i was bursting with creativity and productivity now, i struggle to find the motivation to get out of bed. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me longing for the stability and consistency of a normal mood.
now on a cocktail of lithium 300 mg x3, clonezepam .5mg, and risperidone 2 mg. now on a cocktail of lithium 300 mg x3, clonezepam .5mg, and risperidone 2 mg. doc upped my meds after i told him about my most recent travels traveling is really triggering for me . this cocktail helps but any tips getting through the work day? it makes me so tired and groggy and zombie like.
how do you make your brain shut up? abilify has stopped my racing thoughts that pile on top of each other, but i now have a new problem of ordered thoughts that i can make sense of, then i have to answer all my own questions. it's just as exhausting and i need a way to shut it up down out that doesn't involve illicit drugs or alcohol. what do you do to quieten your mind?
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, moments of profound sadness and despair can suddenly emerge, leaving individuals feeling isolated and hopeless. for instance, yesterday, i felt invincible, my mind racing with inspiration. today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to leave my bed.
bipolar disorder, a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, can bring moments of intense joy, creativity, and productivity, only to be followed by periods of profound sadness, exhaustion, and despair. these emotional highs and lows can shift rapidly, leaving individuals struggling to keep up with their own emotions and maintain a sense of stability.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected wave of despair and hopelessness can suddenly engulf the vibrant elation of mania, leaving one feeling lost and disconnected from their own emotions. for instance, 'yesterday, i was enraptured by the brilliance of life, overflowing with creativity and passion. today, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to find my way back to the light.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and intense. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, bursting with creative energy. the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression, unable to get out of bed. this rollercoaster ride of emotions can leave you feeling disoriented and powerless, as if you're being tossed back and forth between two extremes.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling both heightened and hopeless within the span of hours or days. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, bursting with creativity and optimism. now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome with sadness and helplessness, unsure if i'll ever feel that spark again.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, my thoughts are shrouded in darkness, and the weight of the world feels unbearable, leaving me unable to focus or take action. this is a common experience of bipolar disorder, where mood swings can occur rapidly and unexpectedly, leaving individuals feeling disconnected from their own emotions and the world around them.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and productive. the next, you could be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. for instance 'this morning, i was filled with joy and motivation. now, it's late afternoon, and i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of interest in anything around me.
affording meds yet again i m in the position where i can t afford my meds. i m on invega and it ll be over 1000 to fill this months prescription. nothing else works as well. i go completely nuts and end up in the psych ward if i don t take it. i really want to take it. i don t know where the money for it will come from. i m so sick of this happening over and over again.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the energy and motivation that once fueled me is now replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. the mood shift in bipolar disorder is as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from my usual self.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive, the next moment, you might feel exhausted and hopeless. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, brimming with creativity and ambition. but now, as the day wears on, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can barely lift a finger.
job advice does anyone have a job where they travel? i ve been thinking of transitioning from a job where i travel around 10 counties to one in two states. there would be overnight travel for a couple days each week. i have a super stable government job now, but the new one would align more with my interests. i m probably pushing the limits of my stability with this one
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you may feel invincible and overflowing with creativity the next, you're consumed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion. here's a thought 'last night, i was engrossed in a passionate project, my mind alive with possibilities. today, i can't find the energy to get out of bed, the world feeling heavy and dull.
while mania can bring elation and boundless energy, the subsequent crash into depression can leave one feeling hopeless, exhausted, and disconnected from their former self. for example, 'last week, i was creating art, connecting with friends, and tackling projects left and right. this week, i can barely get out of bed, feeling a profound sadness and loss of motivation.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, you may feel deeply depressed, struggling to get out of bed or focus on even the simplest tasks. these mood swings can be unpredictable and disorienting, leaving you feeling isolated and uncertain.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm elated and productive, lost in the joy of a manic high. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, and the shift can happen in an instant, leaving me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
although i've been thriving with creativity and productivity the past few days, suddenly, an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair has taken hold. i'm struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the projects that once seemed so vital. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling lost and uncertain of what tomorrow may bring.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, exhaustion, and a lack of motivation. just a few hours ago, i was brimming with inspiration and motivation. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and an inability to focus on anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive the next, you may be plunged into a deep depression or an overwhelming sense of fatigue. for instance, 'i was elated and creative just a few hours ago, but now i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely lift my head from the pillow.
lithium and tummy trouble? hey dudes, i've been on lithium for about two months now. i'm on 900 mg day taken once per day in the evening. for about a month now i've had nearly daily bouts of diarrhea. it's always in the morning, which makes sense given the evening dose. does anyone else have this? does it go away? suggestions on what to do? i super hate this. thanks!
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, you may be overwhelmed by despair and exhaustion, unable to focus or carry out even the simplest tasks. it's a roller coaster ride of emotions, and each shift can be both unpredictable and disorienting.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has engulfed me, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. moments ago, i was brimming with creativity and optimism now, i'm stuck in a deep pit of apathy and despair. the mood swings of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster that can leave me feeling both elated and devastated within the span of a single day.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might be elated and productive, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm. the next moment, you could be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, feeling helpless and unable to function. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
despite the excitement and creativity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings the crushing weight of depressive ones. from euphoric heights to despairing depths, the rollercoaster of emotions can be overwhelming. example 'yesterday, i was brimming with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of hopelessness and lethargy.'
i need help i am barely hanging on after some information and events today. i quit smoking last week but am craving one first time since i quit that actually feels like i need one. i also want to get drunk and just go numb. i am not looking for advice or all that. i posted this because i am proud me. i might be hanging on only by the tips of my nails, but i still am.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense emotional swings. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and energized the next, you may feel low, hopeless, and drained, with little motivation or interest in activities. for example 'this morning, i was brimming with inspiration and productivity. now, it's evening, and i'm enveloped in a fog of sadness and apathy.
despite the excitement and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and overwhelming feelings of despair and hopelessness, leaving an individual feeling trapped and isolated in their own thoughts. 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i can barely get out of bed, and every thought feels like a burden.
does anyone feel worse when they re on their period? does anyone get so unbelievably out of control on their period? i can usually tell when i m about to get mine because i start to feel suicidal and i feel like i m extremely manic on my period. like once it s over i feel completely serene, but the hormones just kick everything into over drive and i feel so horrible.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in darkness and the weight of the world feels unbearable. a moment ago, i was filled with motivation and creativity, now i can barely summon the energy to complete simple tasks. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and depleted, all in the span of a single day.
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows, bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling both elated and despondent in the span of a single moment. for instance, just as i savored the warmth of the sun and the rush of creative inspiration it brought, a sudden storm of sadness and exhaustion swept in, leaving me feeling disoriented and drained.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, the sun may shine brightly with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, a storm may roll in, leaving darkness, hopelessness, and a crushing weight. 'living with bipolar feels like riding an emotional roller coaster, where the highs are exhilarating but the lows are debilitating.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, including the highs of mania or hypomania and the lows of depression. these emotional shifts can feel like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, leaving individuals grappling with the joy, creativity, and energy of mania, followed by the exhaustion, sadness, and despair of depression.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you're soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, you're plunged into a deep, soul crushing depression. one day, i danced with the stars, feeling alive and invincible. the next, i was lost in the darkest depths of despair, unable to find my way back to the light.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and dramatic. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next moment, you could be plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing lethargy, struggling to find the energy to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lifeless the next. for instance, this morning, i felt invigorated and creative, tackling projects with gusto. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome with sadness and fatigue, unable to summon the energy to finish even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's emotional landscape is a labyrinth of extreme highs and lows. each mood swing brings with it a distinct sense of elation or despair, followed by an inevitable crash, leaving one feeling both exhilarated and drained. this emotional rollercoaster, while unique to the individual, is a common thread that binds those living with this complex condition.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense lows. the sudden shift from elation to despair can be jarring and disorienting, leaving one feeling lost and alone in the darkness. 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to find my way out.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can bring a crushing sense of despair and immobilization. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a project, overflowing with ideas and productivity. today, i can't get out of bed, consumed by a debilitating sadness and lack of motivation.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive the next, you could be feeling hopeless and unable to get out of bed. for instance, this morning, i felt creative and motivated, tackling projects left and right. now, in the afternoon, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue.
hypo again, i d really missed it so i m having a bit of a hypomanic episode right now and fuck! it s been awhile but i d kinda forgot how nice it feels. like a lot of me doesn t want it to end ever and i know that once this is over i m gonna realize i made some dumbass decisions but right now i just feel so great. anyways, check up in three days when i feel like ass
i had ect and it changed my life i was hospitalized over a week ago for a suicide attempt. since i've been on around 30 different meds without much results, i requested etc electro convulsive therapy since they did it at the hospital i was in. i got three rounds of treatment and my depression has been zapped out of my brain. i feel so much better. just had to share.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, productive, and invincible the next, you may be overwhelmed by hopelessness and fatigue. for instance, this morning, i felt creative and motivated, ready to tackle any project. but now, as the day wears on, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, heavy with despair and apathy. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and lethargy. it's a stark contrast, the way bipolar disorder can flip a switch, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from my former self.
question while i m not bipolar, a character in a story that i m writing is. i want an accurate depiction of what it s like though, so here s my question the character is a prosecutor who was falsely accused of abusing her toddler daughter. while she is extremely stressed, it takes a turn for the worst when she hits a manic phase. what would that accurately be like?
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows, living with bipolar disorder means grappling with unpredictable mood swings. one moment, you're engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus the next, you're overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you wondering which way is up.
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i felt a boundless sense of creativity and productivity. i was confident, energetic, and brimming with ideas. but now, in the depths of depression, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue. every day tasks feel insurmountable, and even the thought of getting out of bed seems like an impossible feat.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you may feel elated, productive, and unstoppable. the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, lethargy, and hopelessness. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling brilliant and unstoppable. now, i can't bear the thought of getting out of bed, as the world seems grey and lifeless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed and exhausted the next. example 'this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and creative, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to get through the evening.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lethargic the next. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with a deep sense of purpose and creativity. now, just a few hours later, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and can't seem to find the motivation to do anything.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the storm within me has taken over, leaving me feeling disconnected and helpless. a moment ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, but now i can barely focus on the words in front of me. bipolar disorder, in its unpredictable nature, has once again stolen my motivation and energy, leaving me struggling to find my footing.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, leaving one feeling like they're dancing on the edge of a mood rollercoaster. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm hit with a wave of debilitating sadness, unable to focus on anything but the weight of my emotions.
am i triggering my own episodes intentionally, or is this all just one giant episode? mania is exciting. when it comes , i embrace it. but am i refusing to let it go because i feel in control? but am i really, or is this just a delusional sense of stability? will we ever really know if we can trust all of our emotions and comprehension? baffled by life. constantly.
this can be either a personal experience or a fictional one, as long as it's brief and clear. one moment, the world seems vibrant and full of possibilities, bursting with ideas and energy. the next, it's a crushing weight of sadness and despair, every color drained from sight, every thought tinged with darkness. bipolar disorder is a dance between light and shadow.
how did you know it was time to seek inpatient care? cw suicidal ideation i m in the pits. this has been the hardest month i ve had in years. the intrusive thoughts are occurring regularly and i ve started disassociating occasionally. but i don t want to take someone else s space in the hospital if my case isn t as bad. i don t know. i m all over the fucking place.
med adjustments people who consider their bipolar well managed are you ever symptomatic? i ve been stable and and symptom free for years but recently i have been struggling with some racing thoughts and i feel completely overwhelmed . i am in a stressful situation that will be over in a 3 4 weeks. do you call your dr and change your meds or do you just ride it out?
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep depression the next. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with a creative fervor and couldn't wait to start my day. now, in the evening, i'm wrapped in a shroud of despair, unable to find the motivation to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, bursting with creativity and ambition. the next, you might be engulfed in a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy in even the simplest tasks. these mood swings can occur rapidly or gradually, leaving you feeling disoriented and uncertain.
despite the sunny weather outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to engage with the world around me. my thoughts race and swirl like a tempest, yet my body is leaden, heavy, and unresponsive. i can't escape the gnawing feeling that i'm trapped in my own mind, a prisoner to the unpredictable whims of bipolar disorder.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and intense periods of sadness and hopelessness. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a new project and brimming with excitement. today, the same project feels like a heavy burden, and i can't help but feel a deep sense of despair and helplessness.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and joy elusive. just hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, but now my thoughts are stuck, heavy with lethargy and despair. this is bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of emotions, where even the brightest days can give way to the darkest nights.
despite the sun shining outside my window, the darkness within me has taken hold, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. a day ago, i was brimming with creativity and optimism now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lethargy. bipolar disorder, with its unpredictable mood swings, leaves me longing for the stability that comes with emotional consistency.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair. one moment, you may feel euphoric, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy. the next moment, you might find yourself in a deep, dark pit of depression, unable to get out of bed or focus on anything. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you may feel depressed, sluggish, and unable to focus. here's a possible thought 'i was engrossed in a project, buzzing with inspiration and motivation. suddenly, a dark cloud descended, leaving me feeling hopeless and drained.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you could be plagued by feelings of hopelessness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with optimism and motivation. now, as the day wears on, i'm overcome by a crushing sense of despair and exhaustion.
starting lamictal very recently diagnosed and have been prescribed lamictal. that being said, never medicated for anything else, especially not mental health wise. so, i wanted to put it out to all you wonderful people for any advice, general or specific, be it things to watch out for, make sure of, or anything else. any advice help would be greatly appreciated!
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings. one moment, you might feel elated and productive the next, deeply depressed and unable to function. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome with sadness and hopelessness.
despite the elation and creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings the crushing weight of depressive lows. today, i'm enveloped in an impenetrable fog, every action requiring monumental effort, and my thoughts stalled in a quagmire of despair. yesterday's bright world is now a distant memory, replaced by the cold, unforgiving embrace of darkness.
voices does anybody else hear voices and if so do they sound like they come from a different location in your head? usually i m able to visualize it as a spherical plane where my inner voice is at the center but usually the voices sound like they come from a different location. usually being closer to either one of my ears yet still noticeably inside the sphere.
bipolar disorder can suddenly shift from a state of intense creativity and productivity to one of debilitating sadness and lethargy, leaving the individual feeling disconnected from their former self. for example, 'last week, i was engrossed in a new project, bursting with inspiration. now, i can barely get out of bed, consumed by a deep and unrelenting sadness.
mental emotional pain what do you do when you feel a lot of mental emotional pain? i'm talking about something different than depression, just talking about overall mental or psychological suffering, like having too much anger, sadness, anxiety, etc. it's an almost indescribable type of anguish for me. i feel this way sometimes and don't know how to overcome it.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, brimming with creativity and focus. the next moment, you might feel exhausted and hopeless, struggling to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions and energy that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from yourself.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition marked by extreme mood swings, alternating between manic or hypomanic episodes and depressive episodes. it's like an emotional rollercoaster, with peaks of unbounded energy and enthusiasm followed by lows of deep sadness and lethargy, creating a sense of unpredictability and instability in one's emotional landscape.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense mood swings, from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. one moment, you might be bursting with creativity and optimism the next, you're enveloped in despair and hopelessness. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, where each twist and turn brings a new feeling that can be both exhilarating and terrifying.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, brimming with ideas and creativity. the next moment, you may feel exhausted and defeated, struggling to complete even the simplest tasks. this roller coaster of emotions can leave you feeling disconnected from yourself and uncertain of the future.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elated euphoria to profound sadness, making it difficult to predict or prepare for these emotional swings. one possible thought might be 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invincible. but as the day wore on, the clouds rolled in, and now all i can feel is the weight of the world pressing down on me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, bursting with creativity and ideas. the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, struggling even to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions and energy, leaving you feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped and unmotivated. just a few days ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity now, i struggle to find the energy to get out of bed. the mood swings of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster, leaving me questioning the stability of my own mind.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to a stormy night. one moment, the world is a vibrant, kaleidoscopic canvas the next, a desolate, gray landscape. just a few hours ago, i was bursting with creativity and motivation. now, i'm enveloped in a crushing darkness, unable to find the energy to lift a finger.
disability through the va. hey guys, i live in tennessee and i m a veteran. i was wondering if anyone else here is a veteran and has applied for disability through the va. i know it s for service related injuries, but i do believe being in the military while i was bi polar negatively affected my mental health and when i got out is when i started having issues.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, here's a thought that captures a subtle but significant mood shift this morning, i was calm and focused, able to tackle my to do list with ease. but now, as the sun sets, i feel a wave of sadness and hopelessness washing over me, leaving me unable to concentrate or find joy in my usual activities.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance between light and shadow. one moment, you're soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, you're plunged into a dark abyss of despair and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you disoriented and longing for the stability of emotional equilibrium.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur in an instant, leaving the individual feeling disoriented and overwhelmed. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, bursting with creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness, as if the world has lost all meaning and color.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have plunged me into a dark, quiet stillness. the vibrant colors of life have faded, leaving only shades of gray. my thoughts are slow and heavy, weighed down by an unrelenting sense of despair. i've lost the energy to engage with the world around me, trapped in the isolating grip of bipolar melancholy.
despite the elation and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase of bipolar disorder, the subsequent depression can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, heavy fog, unable to find the motivation or energy to emerge. for instance, yesterday, i was lost in a whirlwind of inspiration and productivity. today, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and apathy.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, filled with grand plans and new ideas. the next, you might feel deeply depressed or fatigued, struggling to complete even the simplest tasks. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, with highs that feel euphoric and lows that feel crushing.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm trapped inside the dark recesses of my mind, where hopelessness and despair have taken hold. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded to a monochromatic gray, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected from the world around me. it's as if i've been plunged into a deep, dark abyss, unable to find my way back to the light.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and then exhausted and hopeless the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt creative and invigorated, able to tackle any project. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome with sadness and lethargy, unable to focus on anything but the weight of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next you might be consumed by a deep sadness or overwhelming fatigue. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling the joy of creation just hours ago. now, i'm struck by a wave of despair, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything.
despite the elation and creativity that sometimes characterizes bipolar mania, the subsequent depression can bring profound sadness and immobilizing fatigue. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration and productivity just a few days ago. now, i can't seem to focus or find joy in anything, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.
while mania can bring euphoria and boundless energy, bipolar depression can bring feelings of profound sadness and immobilizing fatigue, as if all joy and motivation have been sucked away. for instance, 'last week, i was elated and productive, feeling like i could conquer the world. now, i'm struggling to get out of bed, consumed by a deep, hopeless sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings from elation to despair. one moment, you may be bursting with creativity and productivity the next, you're consumed by hopelessness and fatigue. for instance, 'this morning, i was engrossed in a new project, brimming with excitement and focus. now, i'm lying in bed, feeling heavy and disconnected from the world.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and despairing and lethargic the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. but now, i'm overcome by an inescapable sadness, unable to summon the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be brimming with creativity and confidence the next, you're plagued by hopelessness and exhaustion. example response 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and apathy.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm paralyzed by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder can swiftly shift the landscape of my mood and energy levels, leaving me feeling both elated and defeated within the span of a single day.
starting strattera on top of bipolar meds. anyone on strattera? psychiatrist wanted me to try strattera because he thinks stimulant most likely will cause anxiety or manic. anyone experienced manic while on strattera? what was your experience like with this med? i m on latuda, wellbutrin, seroquel and clonazepam. anyone try strattera with any one these meds?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next, profoundly depressed and lethargic. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed by a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to lift a spoon to my lips.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the experience is not without its darker side. just as the sun sets on a beautiful day, bringing an end to the warmth and light, the manic high can give way to a crushing low, leaving the individual feeling isolated, hopeless, and lost in the depths of their own mind.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness feel endless, the weight of my depression unbearable. a day ago, i was engrossed in plans and projects now, i can barely muster the energy to lift a spoon to my mouth. the mood swings of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted in their wake.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a burst of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with possibilities. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and lethargy, as if all my energy has been sucked away. bipolar disorder can be an unpredictable and disorienting rollercoaster ride, leaving me struggling to keep up with the constant mood swings.
bipolar and burning bridges? is this a common thing with bipolar? a friend of mine has been in 40 relationships because he is physically not able to make amends. he s unmedicated self medicates with alcohol. he has very unrealistic expectations of himself and others. doesn t think he needs anything or anyone.. has anyone ever been through something similar?
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, some days the mood shifts can be sudden and intense. this morning, i was feeling productive and focused, tackling my to do list with ease. but now, as the afternoon wears on, i'm hit with a wave of lethargy and despair, unable to muster the energy to finish even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense elation to crushing sadness. a brief thought that encapsulates this rollercoaster of emotions could be 'just a few hours ago, i was dancing to my favorite song, feeling alive and invincible. now, i'm wrapped in a blanket, tears streaming down my face, unable to imagine any reason to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of my thoughts has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending storm of emotions. just moments ago, i was filled with hope and possibility now, i'm consumed by despair and doubt. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me struggling to keep up with the constant shifts in my mood and emotions.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and unstoppable the next, you're consumed by despair, unable to find motivation or even the energy to get out of bed. 'today, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, every color muted and dim, while just yesterday, the world was a vibrant canvas of possibilities.
despite the exhilarating highs and dazzling creativity that often come with bipolar disorder, the lows can be crushing. one moment, i'm engrossed in a new project, brimming with excitement and inspiration the next, i'm lying in bed, shrouded in a thick fog of despair and hopelessness. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the tides.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from intense elation to profound sadness, as if the sun gives way to an unexpected storm. one moment, i'm basking in the radiance of newfound creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm submerged in a sea of despair and fatigue. it's a dance between light and dark, a delicate balance that can tip in an instant.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed or anxious the next. here's a thought that captures this shift 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that makes even getting out of bed seem impossible.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken hold, leaving me feeling isolated and overwhelmed. moments ago, i was filled with inspiration and motivation now, i'm paralyzed by despair and hopelessness. the rollercoaster of emotions that comes with bipolar disorder is a constant reminder of the unpredictability that shapes my daily life.
despite the exhilaration and creativity that can characterize the manic phase of bipolar disorder, the ensuing depressive episode can bring a crushing weight of despair and lethargy, leaving one feeling trapped in an impenetrable fog. 'yesterday, i reveled in the endless possibilities of an unbounded mind. today, even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and profound mood swings, leaving one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and completely hopeless and lethargic the next. for instance, yesterday, i felt like a superhero, tackling projects with ease and enthusiasm. today, i'm a shadow of myself, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
despite the elation and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, they can also give way to profound depressive crashes, leaving individuals feeling disconnected from themselves and their surroundings. the mania of yesterday has given way to an unrelenting sadness today, as if the very joy i once knew has been drained from my being.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun turns to rain in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of hopelessness and despair. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave me feeling disoriented and helpless.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, i'm elated and productive the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and unable to focus. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, with the highs and lows coming in waves. today, i'm engulfed in a dark fog, unable to see a way out. yesterday, i was bursting with light and life.
microdosing antidepressants? so me and my psych have been working on addressing my negative symptoms and she suggested microdosing an ssri. i've had bad experiences with ssris and every other antidepressant out there in the past, they always make me manic. does anyone have experience with this? i'm also on lithium, trilafon, seroquel, ativan, and adderall.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the shift into a depressive episode can leave individuals feeling isolated, empty, and hopeless. for example, 'yesterday, i felt alive and invincible, surrounded by a world of endless possibilities. today, i'm trapped in a dark and endless pit, unable to see a way out.
slight tmi should i get my prolactin levels checked? if i'm understanding correctly, latuda can increase your prolactin levels. i'm pretty sure that's happening to me because my breasts are feeling pretty similar to when my milk came in after giving birth. i see my psychiatric med manager on tuesday. is this worth bringing up or am i worrying over nothing?
while in the depths of a bipolar low, i once found myself surrounded by a seemingly endless sea of darkness, as if the vibrant colors of life had been drained from my world, leaving only a monochromatic existence. but even in the darkest moments, a glimmer of hope flickered, a reminder that the storm would eventually pass, and the sun would rise once more.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge you into a deep, debilitating depression the next. here's an example 'just last week, i was creating art that flowed like a river, filled with colors and ideas. today, i'm unable to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone create anything.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you might be consumed by despair and unable to motivate yourself. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project yesterday, overflowing with inspiration. today, i can barely get out of bed, burdened by a crushing sadness.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, lost in the joy of life's possibilities. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to even get out of bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings can leave me feeling like i'm on a roller coaster, never knowing when the next high or low will come.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and confidence the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and unsure of which version of myself is the true one.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from creativity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, you're soaring with inspiration and productivity the next, you're plunged into a dark pit of hopelessness and exhaustion. it's an emotional rollercoaster, leaving you feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of your own stability.
despite the excitement and productivity that often comes with a manic episode, the subsequent depressive episode in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling helplessly trapped in a dark, empty void. 'after days of endless creativity and heightened emotions, i'm now drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to even get out of bed.
despite the highs and lows of bipolar disorder, the most disorienting aspect can be the sudden, unexplained shift in mood, as if the ground beneath your feet has given way 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, without warning, i'm consumed by a crushing despair, unable to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you might be brimming with creativity and optimism the next, you could be consumed by despair and lethargy. here's a possible mood shift thought 'last night, i felt invincible, my mind racing with possibilities. now, i can barely get out of bed, the world feeling heavy and unbearable.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected mood swings. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and invincible the next, you may be plunged into a deep sadness or despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. it's like living on an emotional rollercoaster, with highs and lows that can leave you feeling disoriented and powerless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive, and the next you might be plunged into a deep depression or debilitating lethargy. for example 'this morning, i felt inspired and ready to tackle the day. now, in the evening, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and fatigue.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and dramatic. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, the next, deeply depressed and unable to function. for instance, i was engrossed in a creative project and brimming with inspiration just hours ago. now, i'm overcome by an unrelenting sadness, unable to focus on anything but the emptiness inside.
stages of bipolar? i know bipolar isn t just mania and depression. what i live with confuses me so much. sometimes i know i m manic or depressed, but there are so many in betweens and feelings or behavior i can t explain. i think i ve heard of ... hypomania? ... can someone explain the different stages i guess of bipolar, other than depression and mania?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, from elated and productive to deeply sad and immobile, within a matter of hours or even minutes. for example 'this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can't bring myself to leave the house.
although i had been steadily improving with my medication and daily routine, the sudden onset of a manic episode left me elated and euphoric, buzzing with creative ideas and boundless energy. but as quickly as it came, the mood shifted, plunging me into a deep depression, stripping me of my motivation and energy, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless.
bipolar disorder involves intense emotional highs and lows, with the highs radiating euphoria, confidence, and creativity, while the lows plunge into despair, hopelessness, and an overwhelming sense of worthlessness. these shifts can be both exhilarating and debilitating, making daily life an intricate dance of managing mood swings and seeking stability.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, from intense elation to profound sadness. one moment you may be filled with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm, the next you might be enveloped in a deep, crushing sadness that leaves you unable to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can be both exhilarating and terrifying.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and bursting with ideas the next, you might be plagued by feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and exhaustion. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from reality and unsure of what lies ahead.
living with bipolar disorder means navigating the ebb and flow of intense emotional highs and lows, each episode carving out a unique and unpredictable emotional terrain. the dance between elation and despair, creation and destruction, leaves one vulnerable yet empowered, constantly grappling with the paradox of this duality that shapes their existence.
casual insults from normals she isn't even really a normie, but she's close enough. today after i shared details of my episode the advice given was balance . no way. you mean the thing i think about and obsess over allllll the time? the thing i guilt myself over and die over. i feel so invalidated, and i want to push this person as far away as possible.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, energy levels, and thought patterns. one moment, you may feel euphoric and creative, filled with grand plans and ideas. the next, you may be engulfed in a deep sadness or apathy, unable to focus or take action. this unpredictable rollercoaster ride can make living with bipolar disorder a daily challenge.
job hunting i've been to a couple of interviews and i think the interviewers just see into my soul. i want to have a job, but i can't find one. i'm too eccentric and probably i don't even care if i work or not. i feel like they see it whenever we make eye contact. they see that i would be a bad employee. i don't care about anything at all at this point.
voices so i was digonost with manic depression some years ago and i have been taking meds since. i recently found out that audio hallucination are a symptom and i am very confused. i always thought that the voice was how everyone thought. its so common to me it was normal and now i find out it not. does anyone else have this and how do you deal with it?
are there any birth control options that work well for bipolar ii? me and my fiance haven t been wanting to use condoms,but we still don t want any babies rn! so i was curious is anyone that is on here taking birth control? if so what form of birth control and what other bipolar medications y all take with it? also how was or is your experience with it?
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and extreme. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. now, in the afternoon, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that leaves me unable to function.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. the mood shift might be as subtle as, 'last week, i felt invincible this week, i'm barely functioning.' or it could be as dramatic as, 'this morning, i was filled with hope and possibility tonight, i'm consumed by despair and hopelessness.
are most people with bipolar high energy? i m diagnosed bipolar i. i feel like it seems most people with this disorder are high energy and hyperactive at baseline but i ve never been that way. i ve always been low energy until recently when my symptoms really started to show. is that low energy going to go away? just wondering if anyone is the same way.
feeling like i m on a timer yes i posted this to another subreddit sorry if you re seeing this again but i ve come to realize that every time i m manic i am incredibly anxious and agitated because i know the false feeling of happiness is going to crash and burn in a couple weeks. anyone else feel this way? how did you overcome or cope with the feeling?
living with bipolar disorder can feel like a rollercoaster of emotions, with periods of intense joy, energy, and creativity juxtaposed with feelings of sadness, exhaustion, and hopelessness. this unpredictable emotional landscape can make daily life a challenge, as one strives to navigate the ups and downs and maintain a sense of stability and balance.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, you're elated, filled with creativity and productivity the next, you're plunged into a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy. 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to tackle any challenge. now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to see a future worth living for.
in bipolar disorder, one moment can transport you from the heights of elation to the depths of despair, leaving you feeling disoriented and struggling to make sense of the sudden emotional shift. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with joy and creativity, but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a heavy sadness that feels like an endless abyss.
i dont know how to keep living like this i just dont know how to live, im on 5 diffrent meds and they are constently getting changed, my girlfriend and best friend of 6 years left me because i am a verbally abusive terrible person when the rage kicks in. i just dont want to live anymore, whats the point of living if all it is is suffering and insanity?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, leaving you feeling elated one moment and deeply depressed the next. for instance, 'i was dancing and laughing, surrounded by friends, feeling alive and vibrant. but then, in an instant, the music seemed to fade, leaving me with a crushing weight in my chest, unable to find joy in anything around me.
any other lawyers on here? just wondering if any one else can relate to the joy of being responsible for client matters, including some that are life and death, while being unable to remember what you said or read ten seconds ago because of bp depression. i know this applies to lots of other jobs but just wondering if there are other attorneys on here.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can suddenly shift from intense elation to crushing despair, leaving the person feeling like they've been dropped into a bottomless pit. example 'i was laughing and singing this morning, feeling more alive than i have in years. now, i'm curled up in bed, tears streaming down my face, unable to bear the weight of the world.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, productive, and brimming with creativity. the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, leaving you feeling helpless and hopeless. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
in bipolar disorder, one day you might feel euphoric, brimming with creativity and energy, while the next day, you may plunge into a deep depression, struggling to get out of bed. a subtle mood shift could be, 'last night, i danced until dawn, feeling alive and invincible. today, i can barely make it through the day, every task feeling insurmountable.
despite the elation and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and intense periods of despair and hopelessness. for instance, 'yesterday, i was lost in a whirlwind of inspiration and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a dark pit of sadness and emptiness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
i fucked up there were a couple weeks in december where i stopped taking my meds. not because i didn't want to take them anymore, but i got lazy. i was also supposed to get my blood drawn but didn't do that either, i kinda forgot and when i remembered i already stopped taking the lithium. i see my psych tomorrow do you think he'll fire me as a client?
is it normal to not know if you re in a hypomania episode or not? i think i ve only been able to identify 1 episode of hypomania so far and that was months ago because it was prominent after a long period of a depressive episode. some days i randomly feel really good and energetic mixed with irritability but i can t really tell if i m hypomanic or not
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive, the next, overwhelmed and lethargic. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration, when suddenly, a wave of exhaustion and despair swept over me, leaving me unable to focus or take any action.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression or debilitating fatigue. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge. now, in the evening, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy.
while experiencing bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling as if they've stepped off a rollercoaster and into a bottomless pit. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and optimism, but now, as evening descends, i'm enveloped in an unrelenting fog of sadness and hopelessness.
while on a creative and productive high, the sudden onset of bipolar depression can leave one feeling trapped and immobile, as if the very essence of life has been drained away. 'just yesterday, i was brimming with inspiration and ideas. today, i'm stuck in a dark and endless pit, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder is a complex mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that range from manic euphoria to depressive lows. the emotional rollercoaster of bipolar disorder can leave individuals feeling trapped in a chaotic cycle of elation and despair, causing unpredictable and intense emotional shifts that impact their daily lives.
despite the exhilarating highs and rejuvenating lows that bipolar disorder can bring, its unpredictable nature can also induce a sudden and disorienting shift in mood. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with inspiration. now, i'm overwhelmed with a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to get out of bed.
although this morning i was buzzing with productivity and creativity, now evening has fallen and i'm engulfed by a crushing wave of exhaustion and despair. my mind, once a fertile garden of ideas, is now a barren wasteland. bipolar disorder, in its unpredictable rhythm, leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, a dance between mania and melancholy.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated and productive to profoundly depressed and immobilized can leave one feeling disoriented and struggling to make sense of the rapid emotional change. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can barely get out of bed.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind racing with possibilities. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating, leaving me feeling lost and uncertain of who i truly am.
despite the beautiful sunrise and the joyful sounds of birds chirping, the depths of my sadness remain unchanged, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me. the shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder is as sudden as the changing of the seasons, leaving me uncertain and disoriented in the midst of my emotional rollercoaster.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and then utterly exhausted and demotivated the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and focus. suddenly, a wave of exhaustion hit me, leaving me unable to concentrate or complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge you into a deep sadness or lethargy the next. for instance, 'this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and focus. now, hours later, i'm lying in bed, unable to muster the energy to get up and face the day.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of hopelessness and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me grappling with sudden mood swings that can derail my plans and leave me feeling disoriented and powerless.
how honest are you with your therapist? just got back into therapy after about a month of not in therapy. changed from a therapist i absolutely love to a therapist from the past who's very sweet but i don't feel safe being honest with him. i always think he's gonna judge me or not believe me. thought i'd ask how honest y'all are with your therapist?
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated and productive to hopeless and lethargic can occur, leaving one feeling disconnected from their previous self. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed and face the day, overwhelmed by the weight of my thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive the next, you may be engulfed in a deep sadness or lethargy. example 2 'this morning, i felt a profound sense of creativity and motivation. but as the day wore on, my mood plummeted, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to focus.
although i had been steadily improving and feeling more like myself, the sudden shift in my mood left me feeling lost and disoriented. what was once a clear and focused mind is now clouded by fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder continue to challenge me, but i remain determined to keep moving forward.
i think it's universal for anyone wondering if doubting your symptoms and diagnosis is normal, here's a journal entry from a few years ago post mania. amp x200b i wonder if i know how it feels to leave this world. have i ever been sad. have i ever felt anything. or have i given names to the blank spaces. and am i drowning in an ocean or a teaspoon.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if a bright, sunny day suddenly turns into a stormy night. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and fatigue. the mood swings can be unpredictable and disorienting, leaving me struggling to keep pace with my own emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, leaving one feeling elated and creative one moment, only to plunge into a deep, dark depression the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration just hours ago. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can't seem to find the motivation to continue.
is this a delusion of reference? i believe photos can read my mind and they judge me for my actions thoughts. although i talk to them a lot through my mind. as you can imagine grocery store line ups are the worst, because the magazines judge me and i ve even stopped going grocery shopping with my mum because of the overwhelming anxiety it gives me.
while bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows, a mood shift can also manifest as a sudden, disorienting change, as if the ground beneath your feet has given way. for instance 'i was engrossed in a project, brimming with excitement and focus. suddenly, i'm hit by a wave of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the motivation to continue.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, like a sunny day giving way to a stormy night. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and an inability to focus or take action. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood and energy levels. from elated and productive to feeling trapped in an endless pit of despair, it's a rollercoaster ride that can leave one feeling disconnected from reality. 'last night, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed and face the world.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, the next moment, you may feel overwhelmed and hopeless. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and motivation. but now, as the day goes on, i'm feeling a crushing weight of sadness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed by despair and can't muster the energy to get out of bed. i was engrossed in a creative project yesterday, bursting with inspiration. today, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness and can barely focus on the simplest tasks.
despite the elation and creativity that sometimes comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can leave one feeling trapped and devoid of motivation, as if the very essence of life has been sucked away. 'yesterday, i was brimming with passion and inspiration. today, even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration and focus. suddenly, i'm consumed by a profound sadness and cannot bring myself to do anything.' bipolar disorder the delicate balance of mania and depression tips, plunging into depths of despair.
despite the sun shining outside my window, i'm trapped in the depths of a dark and unending winter, my mood as frozen and unyielding as the snow outside. one moment, i'm soaring on the wings of mania, the next, plunging into the abyss of depression. bipolar disorder, the cruel and capricious jester, keeps me forever dancing on the edge of madness.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. these shifts can be disorienting and difficult to navigate, leaving you feeling disconnected from yourself and the world around you.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct, replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and despair. the manic energy that once propelled me forward now feels like a distant memory, replaced by a crushing weight that makes even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder is marked by extreme emotional volatility, with unrelenting highs and devastating lows. the euphoria of mania can give way to the crushing despair of depression, and back again. this roller coaster of emotions creates a sense of constant turmoil within the individual, leaving them grasping for stability and hope amidst the chaos.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential, my mind a whirlwind of brilliant ideas and boundless energy. today, however, that radiant optimism has given way to an overwhelming sense of hopelessness, leaving me feeling utterly drained and despondent.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair, making it difficult to predict or control one's emotional state. one moment you may be engrossed in a creative project, the next, you might find yourself overwhelmed by sadness or apathy. it's like riding an emotional roller coaster with no warning signs or breaks in between.
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, moments of profound despair can suddenly emerge, leaving the individual feeling isolated and hopeless 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a grand project, brimming with inspiration. today, i'm trapped in a deep sadness, unable to find meaning or purpose.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the unpredictable nature of the condition can also bring sudden and intense feelings of sadness or hopelessness. for instance, 'after weeks of boundless energy and productivity, today i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
best i should ve known moments? hey! i recently found a poem that i wrote two years ago pre diagnosis and, reading it, i was like, are you kidding? this is so bipolar how didn t i know? i can post the poem in the comments it s not very good but i thought it was very validating. anyone else have any pre diagnosis how didn t i know? relics moments?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and purpose. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it's as if the ground beneath me shifts unexpectedly, leaving me struggling to find my footing.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, brimming with creativity and ideas. the next moment, you may be engulfed in a deep sadness or despair, unable to focus or take action. this unpredictable and rapid mood shift can make living with bipolar disorder a challenging experience.
being tired i just wanted to know how you guys deal with fatigue, i get little episodes of being so tired all the time and wanted to know what helps you guys with this. it s really frustrating being half asleep all the time lol side note i was on medication and it helped to fatigue a bit but since being off it s gotten a little worse than it was
crying on and off i guess i'm having a mixed manic episode because i am crying out of nowhere. i cant sleep...how long will this last without meds? will it go into something worse? i want to scream cry and dance and laugh all at once. i have depakote but no dr...i live 30 mins from a dr and my insurance sucks. how quickly will the depakote work?
in bipolar disorder, the unpredictable nature of mood swings can leave one feeling both elated and devastated in the span of days or even hours. a brief thought that captures a mood shift could be 'i was dancing in the rain with joy yesterday. today, i can barely get out of bed, the raindrops on the window pane seeming like a relentless torrent.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in a vortex of apathy and despair. it's like flipping a coin one side is bright and vibrant, the other side is dark and empty. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and depleted, a confusing and disorienting dance of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to deep sadness, as if the sun and the rain are constantly battling within. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, the next, you're overwhelmed by a crushing wave of despair. it's a roller coaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and abrupt. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness or apathy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and creative, filled with inspiration. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
one moment i'm soaring high above the clouds, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm crashing down into a dark, hollow pit, every ounce of motivation and drive disappearing as if it never existed. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly on edge, never knowing which version of myself will show up next.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well, today the storm has returned. what was once a vibrant and creative energy now feels like an overwhelming, crushing weight. i'm struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone tackle the tasks on my to do list. the brightness of yesterday has given way to the gray fog of today.
i can t believe i m like this forever i can t believe this is real and this is me. i am bipolar and i ve always know but it s just crazy to have it reiterated to you. i am going to have to be like this forever. on meds forever. in therapy forever. it s so fucking over whelming. knowing none of my relationships will ever be stable fucking hurts
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions. example 2 'last week, i was engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything. today, i'm filled with boundless energy, ready to tackle the world.' bipolar disorder a dance between light and shadow, an endless cycle of highs and lows.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inherent risk of a subsequent depressive episode. a brief thought capturing this mood shift could be 'i've been soaring with excitement and productivity, but now i'm crashing down into a pit of despair, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as a stormy summer sky. one moment, i'm basking in the warmth of manic creativity the next, i'm plunged into the depths of depressive despair. this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as twilight descends, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of hopelessness.
while in the depths of a bipolar low, the once vibrant and hopeful world transforms into a bleak, lifeless landscape, leaving one feeling trapped in an endless winter of despair and hopelessness. yet, in the midst of a manic high, the world bursts with limitless energy and potential, each moment a dazzling explosion of possibility and passion.
missing mania i've been missing my creativity a lot. i love to write, and before i went back on my meds it seemed like i was overflowing with ideas. now i stare at my notebooks with no ideas coming to mind. i don't miss all the embarrassing behaviors, but i do miss being blissfully ignorant that i was making bad decisions. amp x200b thoughts?
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration and focus. suddenly, i'm unable to muster the energy to get out of bed, consumed by a crushing sadness.
manic or depressive affected decision? i accepted a marriage proposal and was so sure and excited about it until my mood calms and turns more to the depressive side. i am doubting myself so much! my relationship looks like a dream when i am in a good mood or manic, and then not when my mood goes to normal ? or normal depressive or depressive.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected wave of euphoria can suddenly give way to a crushing sense of despair, leaving the person feeling both elated and devastated in the span of a moment. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with unbridled joy and creativity, but now, as the sun sets, i'm overcome by an inescapable sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood, energy levels, and motivation. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, the next moment, deeply sad and unable to get out of bed. for instance, this morning, i felt alive with creativity and focus. now, as evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the excitement and productivity of a manic phase, the sudden crash into the depths of depression can leave a person feeling helpless and hopeless, as if all progress and momentum have been lost 'yesterday, i felt invincible, brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and feel unable to function.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye, a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me clinging to stability. yesterday, i danced in the sunlit meadow, my heart brimming with joy and creativity. today, the same meadow seems a desolate wasteland, my spirit as shattered as the broken twigs beneath my feet.
iso support groups i ve really loved being part of this subreddit and having a place for support and understanding. it s not toxic here and that s so hard to find! if you have any suggestions for other places online like here, i would love a link or info! if needed, for reference, i have bipolar 2, c ptsd, and dependent personality disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may be elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be consumed by despair and unable to motivate yourself. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a project, filled with passion and focus. now, i'm lying in bed, feeling hopeless and unable to get up.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed the next. here's a brief thought that captures this shift 'just when i thought i was winning the battle against my bipolar demons, they crept up on me again, leaving me feeling defeated and lost in the depths of despair.
where do you start after leveling out from a manic episode? do you start with apologizing to others? do you start with getting a new job? do you start with taking it one day at a time? do you start with reflecting back? do you start with ignoring what happened and focusing on the future? do you start with medication? appreciate your support!
just to say gracias to all i so appreciate this site, on bipolar, and how good people are to one another. right now, i m anxious. that certain dread builds, seemingly from nowhere. when i tell the sane about the symptoms. they become deer in the headlights. it s helpful to read of others struggles one feels less lonely here. so, much thanks.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic episode can give way to the crushing weight and despair of a depressive episode. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a passionate project, my mind racing with inspiration. today, i can barely muster the energy to get out of bed, feeling trapped in a dark and endless pit.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might feel exhausted, hopeless, and unable to focus. these fluctuations can be both exhilarating and debilitating, making it essential to acknowledge and adapt to the changing emotional landscape.
despite the sunny day outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling disconnected from reality. the joy and creativity that once defined my highs have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy, a stark reminder of the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the elation and productivity that comes with manic episodes, the sudden shift to depressive states in bipolar disorder can leave individuals feeling lost and powerless. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and focus. now, i can't get out of bed, the mere thought of doing anything exhausts me.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing apathy. this morning, i was elated, bursting with creativity and optimism. but now, as evening falls, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and profoundly depressed and unmotivated the next. for instance, 'i was elated and creative just a few days ago, bursting with inspiration and productivity. now, i'm trapped in a dark and hopeless pit, unable to find joy or purpose in anything.
what do you do when you feel the mania coming on? woke up after only a couple hours of sleep. fully energized. thoughts racing. hyper motivated. all too familiar. it's the beginning of a manic episode. besides taking your medication, what do you do when you feel a manic episode starting? anything you feel minimizes its duration or severity?
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, while the next, you're consumed by a deep sense of sadness or exhaustion. for example 'i was soaring with creativity and productivity just hours ago. now, i'm stuck in a dark pit of despair and can hardly get out of bed.
while bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows, it's important to remember that the mood swings are not always linear. they can also come with sudden, unexpected shifts. for instance, 'i was enjoying a peaceful afternoon, lost in a good book, when suddenly a wave of sadness washed over me, leaving me feeling isolated and helpless.
while bipolar disorder is known for its extreme mood swings, a subtle yet poignant mood shift can also resonate deeply. here's an example this morning, the sun shone bright and my heart sang with joy. but as the day wore on, shadows crept in, and by evening, the light within me had all but vanished, leaving a hollow emptiness in its place.
i'm not in a good place. i've been stealing more, i've been sexting random guys girls, i'm spending more money, i don't think before i speak and say stupid shit, i'm impatient and flying off the handle easily, but i'm super depressed. i went down to half of my regular dose of latuda because it was making me so nauseous... i just can't win.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows, creating an unpredictable emotional rollercoaster, with each mood episode offering a unique perspective and energy, only to be followed by an inevitable return to reality with the potential for heightened sensitivity and profound introspection.
bipolar 2 to bipolar 1 misdiagnosis? hi. my mental health journey like so many others has been one of many difficulties. my psychiatrist believes i ve been misdiagnosed with bipolar 2 and said i m more aligned with bipolar 1 and i agree. has anyone ever had this happen to them too? it s so frustrating to be misdiagnosed time and time again
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation and productivity to deep despair and immobility, as if the sun and darkness alternate within the same mind. example response 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to focus or even get out of bed.
topamax side effects i have been on it for over 6 months and i've lost so much hair. i got off other meds thinking it was the problem but it's still happening. i looked it up last night and it seems to be a big issue with some. so i decided i'm stopping it because i hardly have any hair left. it's awful. anyone else experienced hair loss?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, leaving one feeling elated and creative one moment, only to plunge into a deep depression the next. example response 'this morning, i felt like a brilliant artist, painting the world with vibrant colors. now, as the day wears on, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and hopelessness.
when medication is at therapeutic levels i get bad side effects is there s anyone else out there that finds when meds start to help with bipolar disorder bad sideeffects start? i literally can t find a medication which i can function on and manages my disorder. i ve tried at least twelve drugs iffy on the names of a few i was prescribed .
living with bipolar disorder can be an emotional rollercoaster, with periods of intense highs and crashing lows. the joy and creativity of mania can be exhilarating, only to be followed by the soul crushing depths of depression. each shift leaves a lasting impact, creating a complex emotional landscape that can be challenging to navigate.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive, the next moment, deeply depressed and unable to get out of bed. living with bipolar feels like riding a rollercoaster with no off switch one minute you're soaring high, the next plunging into a dark abyss.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, leaving you feeling disconnected from your previous self. one moment, you're elated and productive the next, you're exhausted and unable to focus. for example, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and ready to tackle the day. now, i'm lying in bed, feeling hopeless and overwhelmed.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring devastating lows. a day filled with sunshine and creativity can abruptly give way to a deep, suffocating sadness and complete lack of motivation. 'yesterday, i was brimming with inspiration and optimism. today, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and apathy.
going off seroquel coping suggestions? i'm getting off of seroquel. i love the sleep, but i've gained 30 lbs in 6 months because i'm always hungry and always eating. amp x200b those of you who have stopped taking it, what worked for you to sleep again? i plan to use melatonin and magnesium, but i am open to suggestions. amp x200b thanks!
bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, where one moment you're soaring high with boundless creativity and energy, and the next you're plunging into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i'm barely functioning, every task feeling like a mountain to climb.
bipolar weightlifting i got back into lifting weights about a month ago. i hadn t been in the gym since i was diagnosed with bipolar 1 two years ago. i m on lithium and abilify and was wondering if anyone knows about how lifting weights and meds mix. will i still be able to build as much muscle strength as before? i m a 20 year old male.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elation to despair can leave one feeling as if they've plunged into a bottomless pit, despite having previously soared in the heights of mania or hypomania. for instance, 'yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism. today, i'm buried under a crushing weight of despair and hopelessness.
while in the depths of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, my mind racing with endless possibilities. but as the mania subsided and i entered a depressive phase, the energy drained from me, leaving me feeling empty and hopeless. the world that once seemed so bright and full of potential now appeared dark and overwhelming.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected swings in mood and energy, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and lethargy. one moment, you might feel unstoppable, brimming with ideas and productivity. the next, you may find yourself mired in a dark and hopeless pit, unable to summon the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. just a few days ago, i was buzzing with creativity and productivity, but now i'm struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. one moment, you might be bursting with creativity and productivity the next, you're consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and helplessness. it's a roller coaster of emotions, leaving you feeling both euphoric and depleted at different times.
lost my job i don't know if my bipolar shit was part of it, as they said i wasn't fast enough to get things done physically . i do believe my short term memory had a part of it, but that doesn't matter now. ignoring the pause between a transfer, i was employed just over 2 years. that is an achievement for me at least something positive.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as a summer thunderstorm, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and hopeless the next. this morning, i felt invincible, ready to tackle the world. now, as evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and the weight of the day's challenges.
bipolar toys r us theme song i wrote this for you. ahem i don t wanna come down, i m a hypo manic, everything in life right now is freaken terrific! from sex to thoughts to fantasies, i have the most energy there is, gee wiz, i don t wanna come down, cause if i did, i wouldn t be a hypo manic applause yes. yes. bows thank you, everyone.
feeling good by dr. david burns has anyone read feeling good, and did it help at all? my mom gifted it to me when i've started my medications and i've been really skeptical about the book. i want to know how other's experiences have been like with the book. how has the book helped you? the book was published years ago. is it up to date?
manic episode help during a manic episode i typically tell my boyfriend if i have thoughts of cheating or doing something that ik isn t me or that i will regret. it helps me not doing anything stupid and not in my control and he likes that i do because it reassured him. should i continue this or is there a better way to fight the mania?
impulse control hey everybody, i am currently struggling with impulse control about my weed and alcohol abuse. i'm on medication currently. i want to know which medicines help you in impulse control. i'm prescribed escitalopram 10mg in day and valproate cr 750mg at night. tho i'm right now using way less vs when i was not on medication.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling hopeless and disconnected from reality. just a few hours ago, i was filled with creativity and motivation now, i struggle to focus on the simplest of tasks. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me longing for stability and consistency.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to profound sadness can occur in the blink of an eye, leaving one feeling both disoriented and powerless. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a sea of joy and creativity yesterday, but today i'm drowning in the depths of despair, with no clear explanation for this sudden change.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing sadness can leave someone feeling disoriented and overwhelmed. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a darkness that makes me question my very existence.
how do you deal with irritation from certain sounds misophonia ? how do you deal with irritation to certain sounds? is it part of bipolar? i get easily irritated from chewing, repetitive deep sounds, ringing sounds, and a list of other sounds. i do not know how to ask people to stop making such sounds. any insight would be appreciated!
in bipolar disorder, one moment i can be elated and bursting with creativity, the next moment plunged into a deep sadness and unable to find motivation or joy. 'this morning, i was overflowing with inspiration and productivity. now, in the evening, i m consumed by a crushing sadness, as if all the light has been sucked out of the room.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, one moment bursting with creativity and vitality, the next drowning in a deep, dark sadness. this morning, i woke up filled with hope and inspiration, ready to tackle the day. but as the hours passed, the sun gave way to clouds, and i found myself enveloped in a thick fog of despair.
despite the sunny weather outside, the sudden shift in my mood left me feeling trapped and overwhelmed in the confines of my own home. my mind whirled with racing thoughts one moment, then plunged into a deep, debilitating sadness the next. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder left me longing for the stability of a consistent mood.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, energy levels, and motivation. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive the next, you may be overwhelmed by sadness and apathy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and focus. now, in the evening, i'm engulfed in a dark, hopeless fog.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, exhausted and hopeless. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. suddenly, the world seemed too heavy, and i could no longer summon the energy to continue.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can turn a day of elation and creativity into one of despair and lethargy in the blink of an eye 'i was engulfed by the warmth of a thousand suns yesterday, brimming with inspiration and vitality. today, the heaviness of darkness has descended upon me, leaving me immobile and shrouded in sadness.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, bursting with creativity and unbounded optimism the next, sinking into a deep, dark abyss of hopelessness and despair. the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the tides, leaving those affected struggling to keep their heads above water.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'this morning, i felt a deep sense of sadness and hopelessness, unable to see a way forward. now, just a few hours later, i'm filled with an exhilarating sense of creativity and optimism, ready to tackle any challenge that comes my way.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless energy the next, i'm crashing into a pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to summon the motivation to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted within the span of days or even hours.
while mania can bring feelings of euphoria and boundless energy, the shift into depression can leave one feeling isolated, hopeless, and trapped in a dark and endless void. for example 'i was soaring above the clouds, filled with grand plans and unstoppable creativity. now, i'm stuck in the depths of despair, unable to find a way out.
despite the highs and lows being characteristic of bipolar disorder, a particularly poignant mood shift might be last week, i was consumed by an unquenchable creativity, seeing the world in vibrant colors and endless possibilities. today, i'm buried under a heavy blanket of despair, unable to find meaning or joy in anything around me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated, bursting with creativity and productivity. the next, you could be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. 'this morning, i felt alive and invincible. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next moment you may feel exhausted and unable to function. for instance, this morning i felt invigorated, ready to tackle the day. now, as the evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing fatigue and despair.
when you miss a dose of your medications can you tell it that day or the next day? i guess the reason i ask is because it seems like every time i miss a dose of medications i have a terrible day. or if i miss a night dose the next morning is really bad. is this all just a coincidence or is my body sensitive to substances? lt 3 thanks!
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated and productive the next, you may feel hopeless and unable to get out of bed. this morning, i felt like a superhero, tackling my to do list with ease. now, in the evening, i'm overwhelmed by exhaustion and the weight of the world.
bipolar disorder, a mental health condition marked by extreme mood swings, can evoke a complex web of emotions. the highs of mania or hypomania bring feelings of euphoria, creativity, and energy, but can rapidly descend into anxious or depressive lows, leaving the individual grappling with intense sadness, hopelessness, or emptiness.
example yesterday, i felt like a superhero, bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a fog of despair and apathy, unable to focus or find joy in anything. answer one moment i'm elated, laughing and full of life, the next i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to shake the feeling that i'm worthless and alone.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur in the blink of an eye, leaving one feeling lost and disoriented. for instance, 'i was dancing in the kitchen this morning, the sun was shining and i felt invincible. now, i can barely lift my head off the pillow, drowning in a sea of hopelessness.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from exhilarating euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self. for instance, 'just hours ago, i was dancing in the kitchen, lost in the joy of a new idea. now, i'm curled up in a ball on the couch, unable to summon the energy to face another day.
oops i did it again. sometimes in a rush i will accidentally take my srqual by mistake in the morning and i m usually at work, it hits me hard .. i will usually go home but sometimes i will stay. appearing to be drunk .takes me all morning to work it through my system until the afternoon , after coffee .. has anyone done this before?
prescribed medicine above max dose...normal? i have been taking geodon for a while for hallucinations. varying dosages that go up once it doesn't work anymore. it's been pretty effective, but they have come back recently. however, my dosage was just bumped to 180mg, where 160mg is listed as the max dose. is this kind of thing normal?
in bipolar disorder, one moment you may feel elated and filled with boundless energy, the next moment plunged into a deep sadness or exhaustion. for instance, this morning, i felt euphoric and creative, like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't seem to find the energy to lift a finger.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies the manic phase of bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows, leaving one feeling overwhelmed, exhausted, and disconnected from the world. 'yesterday, i felt invincible, my mind racing with possibilities. today, i'm struggling to find the energy to get out of bed.
lithium day 3, placebo? day 3 of lithium. i m at 300mg twice daily. feeling very good. i don t feel like i have little mood threads hanging off me that can get snagged on stuff and unravel my mind. could i be feeling it this soon? i also discontinued lexapro yesterday, i could also be feeling good now that i m off the lex, i suppose.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i'm consumed by boundless creativity and an irresistible desire to tackle every project in sight. but as the mania subsides, i'm left with a crushing fatigue and the inability to focus on even the simplest tasks. the exhilarating high of mania has given way to the debilitating low of depression.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm trapped in the suffocating grip of lethargy and despair, unable to find meaning in the simplest of tasks. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and the storm could dance in one's heart within the same breath. for instance, 'this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, hours later, i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
an iop just started taking my insurance! i just finished up my most recent bout of psych testing. i just got word that an iop in my area struck a deal with my brand of medicaid. i've been off meds for a couple weeks and have been drinking. i called in refills today and took my remaining lamotrigine. i'm really trying to be positive.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication, today i find myself overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy, unable to focus or find joy in the things i once loved. it's as if the light that had been guiding me through my darkest days has suddenly flickered out, leaving me in a disorienting and unfamiliar darkness.
despite the sun shining and birds singing, the depths of depression have suddenly swallowed me whole, leaving me immobile and devoid of emotion. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster ride of emotions, each mood shift a reminder of the unpredictable and often overwhelming nature of this disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, brimming with creative ideas. the next, you might find yourself in a deep pit of despair, unable to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions and energy that can be both exhilarating and exhausting.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be elated, creative, and overflowing with ideas the next, you might be deeply depressed, struggling to get out of bed or focus on anything at all. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with no warning when the next dip or climb will come.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, deeply sad and unable to function. for instance, 'this morning, i felt euphoric and creative, with countless ideas flowing. now, hours later, i'm engulfed in a wave of despair, unable to focus or take action.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur in a matter of hours or days, leaving the individual feeling disoriented and lost. for example 'this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, i'm curled up in bed, unable to shake the feeling that i'm worthless and helpless.
lithium and watery eyes? ever since starting lithium 4 months ago i've had a sudden, extreme uptick in how much my eyes water. i can't seem to find any consistent factor that could explain it, other than the drug, but i also can't find anything about lithium and watery eyes online. is this a thing? and if so, any remedies out there?
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as a storm passing over the sun. from elation and creativity to despair and hopelessness, the experience is unpredictable. one moment, i'm engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find motivation.
incorporate the idea that mood swings can feel erratic and beyond personal control. bipolar disorder inflicts a tumultuous dance of emotional peaks and valleys, where elation soars to heights unreachable in stability, only to plunge into the depths of despair, the mood swings feeling like an erratic pendulum beyond personal control.
one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm mired in a dark, debilitating depression, unable to summon the will to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as a stormy sky, leaving me feeling both elated and utterly drained in the span of a single day.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and enthusiasm, the world is my playground. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and lethargy, unable to muster the energy to even get out of bed. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me constantly on edge, never knowing which way the pendulum will swing next.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the storm inside me rages on, leaving me feeling disconnected and lost in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder. one moment i'm soaring high with uncontainable creativity and energy, and the next, i'm plunged into a deep pit of despair and lethargy, unable to muster the strength to lift a finger.
bp friends? due to my bp ups and downs i've lost as well as have had to cut out almost all my friends from my life because of toxicity in the friendship. i'm looking to form friendships if possible here with people who can relate. feel free to message me if you're looking for a friend, a listening ear or even just to vent sometime.
i somehow nailed my phone interview so well they offered me three bucks more than the starting rate. i m very happy about it because it s something i can be proud of, make decent money and keep work at part time which suits my needs perfectly. for two days i ve just been smiling and laughing and crying haha. anyway wanted to share.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and full of life the next, you may experience a crushing low, unable to find motivation or joy. 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration. today, i can't seem to focus or find pleasure in anything.
no family history? i was just wondering if there are others who have bipolar without any family history? i'm literally the only mentally ill person in my family. it makes me question my diagnosis when the disorder is supposed to be heavily genetic . there's obviously something wrong with me and the bipolar diagnosis fits but still.
despite the elation and creativity that often accompanies the manic phase of bipolar disorder, it's essential to remember that the lows can be just as intense. a thought that captures this mood shift might be 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i'm barely able to get out of bed, consumed by a crushing despair.
in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder, one moment can hold the vibrancy of a sunlit day, while the next plunges into the depths of a shadowed abyss. this morning, i reveled in the brilliance of my thoughts, each idea a glittering gem. now, as night falls, i'm entangled in the crushing weight of despair, my mind a desolate wasteland.
in the span of hours or even minutes, bipolar disorder can transition from elated euphoria to crushing despair, leaving one feeling both exalted and dejected. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, bursting with creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark wave of hopelessness and helplessness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive, ready to take on the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a heavy sadness, as if the world has lost all color and meaning.' bipolar disorder from vibrant optimism to dismal despair in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you're soaring with euphoria and boundless creativity the next, you're plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. yesterday, i was dancing in the rain, laughing at the world. today, i can't bring myself to get out of bed, let alone face the rain.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, heavy with the weight of sadness and lethargy. my thoughts move as slow as molasses, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between the cheerful world and my internal turmoil is a stark reminder of the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elation and productivity to profound despair and immobility can leave one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a darkness that makes even getting out of bed seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can suddenly shift from a state of euphoria and boundless creativity to one of deep sadness and overwhelming fatigue. for instance, this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a wave of despair and exhaustion, unable to find the energy to continue.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you may be plagued by hopelessness and exhaustion. example 2 'i was lost in a creative frenzy, filled with inspiration and ambition. but now, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find joy or motivation.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing weight of depression in bipolar disorder can suddenly and unexpectedly set in, leaving one feeling trapped and hopeless. for instance, 'i was elated and productive just yesterday, but now all i can do is lie in bed, unable to find the motivation or energy to move or even think.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings leave me feeling both elated and defeated, as if i'm navigating a stormy sea of emotions.
while mania can bring elation and boundless energy, bipolar depression can leave one feeling trapped in a bottomless pit, as the joy and motivation fade, replaced by a heavy sense of sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engulfed by the brilliance of mania. today, the darkness of depression has swallowed me whole.
benzos does anyone else have an extremely hard time getting their doctor to prescribe any benzodiazepines even with a history of it being effective and not causing any addictive problems in the past? everywhere i go they treat me like an addict any time i mention that i d like to have it for anxiety and panic to be use as needed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. one moment, you're engrossed in a creative project with unbridled enthusiasm the next, you're overwhelmed by despair and a sense of hopelessness. it's like an emotional roller coaster, where the ups and downs can be intense and unpredictable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be brimming with creativity and excitement, the next, plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. this morning, i was elated and productive by evening, i was enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing sadness can occur without warning, leaving the individual feeling disoriented and lost. for instance, 'i was laughing and joking with friends just hours ago, feeling unstoppable. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, and i can't seem to find my way back.
example 2 'one moment i was laughing and joking with friends, the next i was consumed by a deep sadness and couldn't bear the thought of being around people.' thought i was elated and productive at the office this morning, but now as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed with a sense of hopelessness and can't bring myself to do anything.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and devastating lows. one moment, you might be brimming with creativity and optimism, the next, plunged into a deep pit of sadness and exhaustion. for instance, 'i was elated and productive beyond measure yesterday. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and unable to get out of bed.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can swiftly transition from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun has suddenly vanished behind a thick veil of clouds. 'this morning, i felt invincible and brimming with creativity. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness that leaves me unable to focus or take pleasure in anything.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes, the sudden crash into depression can leave an individual feeling isolated and disconnected from their previous self. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world, but today, i can barely get out of bed and the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
although i'd been enjoying a productive and creative week, today i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of lethargy and hopelessness. my thoughts have slowed to a crawl, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. it's as if the bright, vibrant energy that fueled me just a few days ago has been replaced by a dense, leaden fog.
how do you control impulse buying? i am depressed right now and remember about a lot of things i bought that i don't use anymore. i am afraid that i will spend too much in my next hypomania. i have no one i trust enough to ask them for help with this. even if had someone, i think i would just buy stuff without asking them first.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to profound sadness, as if the sun and clouds have battled for control of the sky within my mind 'this morning, i was basking in the warmth of endless possibilities. now, as the day wears on, a chilling fog of despair settles in, casting long shadows over my thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel euphoric, creative, and full of life, while the next you might be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of your own stability.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion, unable to focus or even get out of bed. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional and energy swings.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disoriented and alone, as if the ground beneath has given way. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find the strength to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and dramatic. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, the next moment, you're consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness or apathy. this morning, i was filled with creative inspiration and motivation. now, i'm trapped in a dark pit of despair and can barely get out of bed.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and intense mood swings to depressive lows. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can't seem to find the motivation to do anything.
accidentally took an extra dose of 200mg lamotrigine i know to watch vigilantly for sjs rash, but other than that is there any other danger? i'm trying to stay mellow about it, but i can't seem to find any concrete medical response not that reddit is necessarily the best source either, but maybe someone else has a recommendation
in the blink of an eye, the elation and productivity of a manic episode can turn into the crushing despair and lethargy of a depressive episode. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a new project, working tirelessly into the night. now, i'm unable to get out of bed, consumed by feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and invincible the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness, exhaustion, and despair. a thought capturing this mood shift could be 'i was basking in the glow of inspiration yesterday, now today, i'm swallowed by an unending pit of darkness.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated and productive to feeling exhausted and apathetic can occur, as if the energy source has been abruptly drained. for instance, 'yesterday, i was brimming with creative inspiration and boundless energy. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing fatigue, barely able to lift my limbs.
emotional support animals my cat is pretty much the only being keeping me from completely falling apart. my newest round of med roulette has me feeling odd and i'm too anxious to call my psychiatrist. my cat is on my chest purring loudly. she's trying her damndest to stop the panic and she usually can. hopefully this will pass.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from exhilarating highs to crushing lows can leave one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed, enveloped in a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, one moment elated and vibrant, the next plunged into a dark abyss of despair. last night, i danced until dawn with a heart full of joy and unbounded creativity. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness, unable to find motivation or joy in even the simplest tasks.
benadryl vs seroquel for sleep? my pdoc joked the other day that she wants to do a study comparing benadryl and seroquel for sleep because she thinks they'd have the same effect. anyone have any experience comparing the two? does anyone know if there's any science on how each one works and what the longer term effects could be?
can cold meds make you manic? pressurized speech, feeling wired, more friendly and talkative than usual, irritable, mild euphoria, etc. all from some alkaseltzer sinus meds?? i took an unprescribed ativan last night to get me to sleep but can cold meds really induce a hypo mania? i'm taking more today. damn, i love the feeling.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep depression the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. suddenly, the joy drained from me, leaving a hollow emptiness and an overwhelming sense of hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, from elated euphoria to crushing despair. today, the dark clouds have rolled in, casting a heavy shadow over my once vibrant spirit. i can't help but feel trapped in the depths of sadness, as the energy and motivation that once fueled my creativity and passion now lies dormant.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity and energy. the next, i'm engulfed in a pit of despair, unable to find motivation or even the will to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the highs and lows, never quite knowing which way the pendulum will swing.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next 'i was soaring among the clouds yesterday, my mind ablaze with creativity. today, i'm trapped in the darkest corner of my mind, unable to find the will to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project with boundless enthusiasm the next, you could be plunged into a deep, hopeless sadness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
is it a trick of depression to not care about getting better? i just don t care. i used to want to get better, but right now i don t care. i could just eat and sleep and drink beer and read books and that s it. go on forever, never seeing friends, never accomplishing anything. is this a trick, or am i just fucked up and weird?
overwhelming sense of death i have this overwhelming sense that i'm going to die soon. it's not a fear, i just... like. this is it. this is where it ends. i have no idea why but i cannot shake it. should add i also am starting to get the like.... weird staticy feeling i start to get when the psychosis symptoms start to play up
despite the highs of boundless creativity and limitless energy, the lows of bipolar disorder can bring an overwhelming sense of despair and immobilizing fatigue. example response 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, capable of conquering the world. today, i'm trapped in a dark pit, unable to find the strength to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're engulfed in a euphoric high, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. the next, you're plunged into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and lifeless. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you disoriented and struggling to keep up.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies the manic phase of bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash, leaving one feeling helplessly lost in the depths of despair. 'yesterday, i felt unstoppable, brimming with inspiration. today, i'm trapped in an unyielding fog, unable to find meaning in the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me. my thoughts are heavy, like a leaden weight, and i struggle to find the energy to even lift a fork to my mouth. the euphoria and mania of yesterday are but a distant memory.
while in the throes of a manic episode, i reveled in my boundless creativity and limitless energy, convinced i could conquer the world. but as the mania began to subside, i was left with an emptiness and a crushing sense of despair, feeling as though i had lost not just the energy to create, but also the very desire to do so.
in the blink of an eye, the euphoria and energy of mania can give way to the despair and lethargy of depression. one moment, i'm soaring high with endless creativity and motivation the next, i'm sinking deep into a dark pit of hopelessness and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder is a constant dance between extremes.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as unpredictable and disorienting as a stormy summer sky. one moment, the sun shines brightly, illuminating a boundless landscape of possibility the next, the clouds gather, obscuring the horizon and casting an oppressive shadow over the soul.
hypomanic symptoms question i have a question about mainly hypomania how constant are peoples symptoms generally? i know when i m manic they re 24 7, 365 at a million percent, but when i m hypomanic i at least have much less noticeable symptoms. is it normal to not be constantly bouncing off the walls and exhibiting symptoms?
in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as startling as a thunderstorm, leaving one feeling like they've stepped into an entirely different reality. 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and unstoppable. now, i'm drenched in tears, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and profound mood swings. one moment, you might feel elated and productive the next, you're plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing lethargy. for example 'this morning, i was brimming with creative inspiration. now, i'm buried under a crushing wave of despair and can barely lift a finger.
despite the sun shining bright and a day filled with potential, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to engage with the world around me. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can shift unexpectedly, leaving one feeling both elated and defeated in the span of a single day.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic energy that once fueled my every move has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden as the weather changing, leaving me struggling to keep up.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, brimming with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the subsequent depressive episodes can leave individuals feeling hopeless, isolated, and devoid of energy. for example, i was elated and productive beyond measure just a week ago. now, i can barely muster the strength to get out of bed.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self, as if the ground beneath their feet has given way. 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free. now, i'm drowning in the same rain, unable to move or find the will to go on.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and utterly hopeless and immobile the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world, but now as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can barely lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm trapped in a fog of exhaustion and hopelessness. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster, taking me on exhilarating highs and crushing lows without warning.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as a summer storm, turning a sunny day into a downpour. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm consumed by a crushing depression or debilitating anxiety. it's a roller coaster ride of emotions that leaves me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
in the blink of an eye, the elated euphoria of mania can give way to the crushing despair of depression. one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, the next i'm unable to focus on the simplest of tasks. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, where the highs can be intoxicating and the lows can be debilitating.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to deep despair and lethargy. one day, i may feel like i'm soaring above the clouds, brimming with inspiration and enthusiasm. but the next, i'm trapped in the depths of a dark abyss, unable to find the energy or motivation to even get out of bed.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm swallowed by an abyss of despair and lethargy, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger. the mood swings of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows, the unpredictability of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling disoriented and vulnerable. one moment, you may be engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and focus the next, you're engulfed in a pit of despair, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed.
spiraling my best friend and emotional support companion, lucky the cat, passed away on tuesday of an undiagnosed brain tumor. i ve been struggling with a major depression episode for a bit but this is so much more than i know how to take. i m meeting with my therapist on monday, but it hurts, and i miss my fur baby so much
realizations in a very bad depression now. and i don't know if it's the depression or what, but i'm am realizing most of my family and friends treat me like shit and really take me for granted. my husband, my kids, hell even my mom. starting to realize my support system isn't that great. that only makes my depression worse!
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and dramatic shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric, productive, and brimming with ideas the next, you're overwhelmed by exhaustion, despair, and an inability to focus. this rollercoaster of emotions and energy can make daily life a challenging experience.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful sounds of children at play, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog of hopelessness and despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder play a cruel game of musical chairs, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and unsure of which emotion will take hold next.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elation to despair can leave one feeling disoriented and lost, as if the ground beneath their feet has given way. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a dark and heavy fog, unable to find my way back to reality.
olanzapine and weight loss has anyone lost weight while on olanzapine? i am steadily just gaining weight and i'm wondering about some pointers on how to stay at a healthy weight. i don't want to keep going up. i am pretty stable on my current combination of meds so i don't want to try something else and screw everything up.
one moment, i'm soaring high above the clouds, bursting with creativity and productivity. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to even get out of bed. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and defeated, all in the span of a single day.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of bipolar disorder can leave you feeling trapped and isolated, as if an unseen force has snuffed out the very light within you. 'just a few days ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, all i can do is lie here, enveloped by an inescapable darkness.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, i find myself enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and despair, unable to summon the energy or motivation to engage with the world. this is the disconcerting duality of bipolar disorder, where the mood can shift from exhilarating highs to crushing lows in the blink of an eye.
despite the sunny weather outside, the depths of my sadness are unfathomable, like a bottomless pit. one moment i'm engrossed in a passionate project, the next i'm unable to focus or find joy in anything. the mood shifts in bipolar disorder are as unpredictable as the wind, leaving me feeling both disoriented and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and exhaustion. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a productive workflow, filled with inspiration and focus. today, i'm overwhelmed by an intense sadness, unable to find motivation or interest in anything.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disoriented and vulnerable, as if the ground beneath has given way 'i was dancing on the edge of joy yesterday, basking in the glow of life. today, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, struggling to keep my head above the waves.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disconnected from reality, as if the ground beneath their feet has given way. 'i was dancing with the stars last night, filled with joy and boundless energy. today, i'm stuck in a dark, empty room, unable to find my way out.
despite the elation and creativity that can come with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings crushing lows. just as the sun can suddenly give way to a storm, the highs of mania can be followed by the crushing depths of depression. 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i can barely get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of sadness have consumed me, turning day into night within the confines of my mind. the contrast between the joyful exuberance of mania and the crushing weight of depression in bipolar disorder is a constant battle, leaving me yearning for the stability of emotional equilibrium.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, sometimes the mood shifts can be sudden and unexpected. one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, feeling invigorated and alive. the next, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find motivation, as if all the energy has been sucked out of me.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. a week ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity now, i struggle just to get out of bed. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both vulnerable and powerless.
depression i am becoming increasingly depressed. i m very unhappy with my work financial situation. i m unhappy with my body. i m just unhappy. i feel like someone put molasses in my brain to gunk it up and slow it down. besides contacting my doctor i don t know what to do. i tend to be manic and not depressed very often.
bipolar disorder is a mental illness characterized by extreme mood swings, shifting from manic or hypomanic highs to depressive lows. it's a roller coaster of emotions, with joy and energy one moment and sadness and despair the next. living with this condition can be a challenge, as the emotional landscape is never still.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and optimism, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of despair and lethargy, every effort feeling like a mountain to climb. the fickle nature of bipolar disorder leaves me perpetually dancing on the edge between brilliance and breakdown.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from reality. for instance, this morning, i was certain i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness, unable to escape the black hole that's swallowed me whole.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and self care, today i'm hit by an unexpected wave of sadness and lethargy. the sun that shone so brightly yesterday now hides behind a thick layer of clouds. i feel heavy, as if my limbs are anchored to the ground, and my thoughts are slow and sluggish.
monitoring moods on an app hi everyone! i wanted to know what apps or other similar things you are using to monitor your ups and downs. i have tried emood for a little bit but i just don t think it s capturing whats going on. i d love to give another one a try or suggestions of how i can make the most out of them. thanks
despite the joy and creativity that sometimes comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift into depression can feel devastating. from elated and productive to hopeless and immobile in a heartbeat 'yesterday, i was brimming with ideas and energy. today, i'm trapped in a dark tunnel with no end in sight.
example 2 'i used to love waking up early to start my day with a run and a strong cup of coffee. now, even getting out of bed feels like a monumental task.' thought 'last week, i felt unstoppable, filled with creativity and productivity. today, i'm stuck in bed, unable to focus on anything, lost in the depths of despair.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and hopeless the next. for instance, 'this morning, i was elated, my mind buzzing with creativity and ambition. now, in the evening, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy, unable to focus on anything.
bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of intense emotions, swinging from the highs of mania or hypomania to the lows of depression, with moments of normalcy in between. this emotional pendulum can leave individuals feeling isolated, exhausted, and uncertain, as they navigate the unpredictable landscape of their moods.
in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift from elation to despair can be as startling as a summer storm giving way to a winter blizzard. one moment, the sun may be shining brightly, filling you with a sense of boundless creativity and optimism. the next, a dark cloud descends, leaving you feeling lost and alone in the gloom.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge you into a deep despair the next. for instance, this morning, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and productivity. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
how do you cope with your past? i want to know how y all cope with your past, like general traumas and trauma from things that happened to you and things that you did during manic episodes. i find it hard and have intrusive thoughts about them, i d love to know how y all manage these feelings? have a great day, everyone.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur in the blink of an eye, leaving the individual feeling both bewildered and powerless. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i'm lying in bed, overwhelmed by a crushing sadness that feels endless.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, but now i'm trapped in a dark, hopeless pit, unable to find the motivation to move.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from exhilarating heights to crushing depths.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can shift suddenly from elation to despair, a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves one feeling both exhilarated and devastated. 'this morning, i felt alive and invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair, feeling helpless and alone.
bipolar disorder can suddenly flip a switch, transitioning from a state of intense creativity and productivity to one of overwhelming sadness and fatigue. for instance, 'yesterday, i was bursting with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of despair and lethargy, struggling to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm hit with a crushing wave of fatigue and apathy, unable to focus or even lift a finger. in bipolar disorder, mood swings can shift rapidly and unexpectedly, leaving me feeling disoriented and disconnected from myself.
latuda... what to expect? this is my second meds switch in a week and a half, from zoloft, to effexor, and now latuda. zoloft didn't work, and effexor caused heart problems my pdoc said latuda shouldn't cause akethisia, or weight gain. i'm super prone to akathisia, and i am wondering about other people's experiences lt 3
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next 'i was soaring among the clouds yesterday, my mind alight with creativity and motivation. today, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to find the will to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated and productive, the next, overwhelmingly exhausted and demotivated. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, as the day goes on, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and exhaustion.
despite the sunny weather outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world around me. the vibrant colors of autumn have been replaced by a monochromatic haze, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. this is the crushing weight of a bipolar low.
to depressed to shower? we all know to hit the hotspots with baby wipes, reapply deodorant, febreze clothes, spray some cologne, use some dry shampoo. but if your feet stink, the best, fastest way to curb it is to use a household antibacterial cleaning spray. a few squirts of 409 and your foot stank is a distant memory.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self. for instance, 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling invincible and alive, but now i'm lying in bed, engulfed by a dark and heavy sadness that seems to have no end.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in an oppressive cloud, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me. just moments ago, i was engrossed in a project, brimming with creativity and motivation. now, i struggle to focus, plagued by an inescapable sense of lethargy and despair.
i can't stop crying a year ago i got out of a 7 year relationship a year ago i got sober off alcohol i don't understand why i'm feeling so horrible all these feelings are here now why? why now!? i grieved his loss and got over it it feels like i'm going through all of it all over again is this normal? can anyone relate?
bipolar and dating do you guys gals tell people you re dating that you re bipolar? if so how early into the relationship? i imagine telling someone on the first or second date wouldn t go over too well, but i also wouldn t want to feel like i m deceiving anyone. just curious what other people think and their experiences
opinions stopping abilify i'm on abilify only and it's been keeping me stable for a few weeks but i think i've been feeling more irritable and starting fights more. i want to stop taking it. is there any withdrawal symptoms that will make this unbearable? i see my psych on friday and will tell them i want to get off it.
despite the joy and productivity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring devastating lows. just as i was elated by a new idea and brimming with creativity, a sudden shift plunges me into a deep, unyielding sadness. the world becomes a heavy weight, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the elation and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and intense periods of sadness and hopelessness. for example 'i was engrossed in a new project, feeling invincible and alive. but now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to see a future beyond this moment.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, you might feel invincible, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you may be engulfed in a dark pit of sadness and hopelessness. it's an unpredictable rollercoaster that can leave you feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next, i'm drowning in a sea of apathy and hopelessness. it's like an invisible storm cloud hovering above me, obscuring the sun and casting a shadow on my world.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift into a depressive episode can leave individuals feeling isolated, hopeless, and devoid of energy. for example 'i was elated and productive just a week ago. now, i can barely muster the strength to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and apathetic. just yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, but now i'm struggling to find the energy to get out of bed. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and exhausting.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark chasm of sadness and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me disoriented and yearning for stability.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed by despair and lethargy. example 2 'this morning, i woke up feeling inspired and creative. now, as the day wears on, i'm battling intense sadness and a lack of motivation.
although the sun was shining and birds were chirping outside, my mood plummeted suddenly, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark, heavy fog. the vibrant colors of the world around me faded, replaced by shades of gray. i could barely muster the energy to lift my head, let alone engage in the tasks i once found fulfilling.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving you feeling both elated and defeated within hours or even minutes. for instance, 'this morning, i woke up feeling vibrant and alive, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, from elated and productive to hopeless and debilitated in a matter of hours or days. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and passion. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and cannot find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, my mind racing with creativity and ambition. the next, i'm enveloped in a dense fog of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly grappling with the unpredictability of my moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving you feeling euphoric one moment and deeply depressed the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness that makes even getting out of bed seem insurmountable.
despite the elation and creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. from soaring heights to crushing depths, the rollercoaster ride of emotions is a defining characteristic of this condition. example 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i can hardly get out of bed.'
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound shifts in mood, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lethargic the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and brimming with creativity. now, as the evening approaches, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair and doubt.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed and lethargic the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and creative, bursting with ideas. now, as evening sets in, i'm overcome by a sense of hopelessness and immobilizing exhaustion.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing sadness can occur in an instant, leaving one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'this morning, i was filled with the joy and creativity of a mania. now, it's as if a dark cloud has descended, engulfing me in despair and hopelessness.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can swiftly transition from euphoric highs to crushing lows, as if a bright, sunny day suddenly gave way to a torrential downpour. for instance, 'i was elated and productive yesterday, but today, the dark clouds of despair have descended, leaving me feeling drained and unable to function.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you're elated, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you're plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from yourself and the world around you.
bipolar disorder involves intense emotional highs and lows, where feelings of elation, euphoria, or depression can last for weeks or even months, disrupting normal life and relationships. these mood swings can feel exhilarating or debilitating, leaving individuals with bipolar struggling to find stability and balance.
lithium solo treatment? recently my doctor is pairing back my anti psychotic so i will soon be solo lithium. he upped the lithium a bit to curb any discontinuation mania and i m a week into tapering off. anyone who is solo lithium with good experiences? looking for a little encouragement and any advice if you have it!
while in the manic phase, i'm engrossed in a whirlwind of productivity and creativity, my mind buzzing with endless possibilities. but as i slip into depression, the world around me fades into a dull, heavy weight, and all i can do is lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, unable to find the energy or motivation to move.
despite the sunny weather outside, the storm inside me has returned, leaving me feeling disconnected and overwhelmed. my thoughts race uncontrollably, while my body remains heavy and lethargic. the vibrant colors of the world around me fade into a monochrome hue, and the simple tasks of daily life feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss of hopelessness and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling disoriented and uncertain of my footing.
in bipolar disorder, the elation of mania can give way to the crushing weight of depression in an instant, leaving the affected individual feeling isolated, helpless, and uncertain of their own identity. for example 'i was dancing on clouds yesterday, but today i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to see a way out.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can suddenly shift from elated euphoria to crushing sadness, leaving one feeling both unstoppable and utterly defeated in the span of moments. for instance, i was dancing through life, feeling invincible, and now i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find my way back to the surface.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun and shadow are constantly dancing within. this morning, i reveled in a brilliant creativity, every idea a brilliant stroke. now, the evening finds me curled up in a ball, the very thought of inspiration a distant, unreachable memory.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring high on a wave of creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm drowning in the depths of sadness and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster ride that leaves me yearning for a steady, stable emotional terrain.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a heartbeat away. this morning, i woke up feeling like a million bucks, my mind brimming with creativity and optimism. by evening, i was enveloped in an unyielding fog of sadness, my energy sapped, and my thoughts consumed by a seemingly insurmountable weight.
although i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity just yesterday, today i'm trapped in the depths of a debilitating fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, a rollercoaster of emotions that defies logic and reason.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled optimism. the next, i'm crashing down into a dark pit of despair and exhaustion, unable to find the energy or motivation to lift a finger. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, leaving someone who was elated and productive one day feeling trapped in a dark, heavy fog the next. for example 'yesterday, i was filled with creative inspiration and productivity. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated and productive to despairing and lethargic can leave one feeling disoriented and overwhelmed. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the motivation to get up and face the day.
has anyone been able to get on disability due to just your mental illnesses? i ve tried three times, sent in all required paperwork and have been denied every time. i have severe depression, severe social and generalized anxiety slight agoraphobia, bipolar, autism, ptsd and adhd. i can t work and it s ruining my life
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase of bipolar disorder, the crushing weight of depression can follow, leaving one feeling trapped in a dark and unending abyss. 'the sun shone brightly during my manic episode, but now i'm buried under a mountain of despair, unable to see the light.
lyrics that hit home was listening to music and these lyrics stood out to me. i figured others here could relate gt when we last met who was i? gt i'm sorry we no longer see eye to eye gt the energy to keep you in while keeping myself out gt i'm sorry how you'll take this gt but i just don't have the patience anymore
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, from intense joy or mania to deep sadness or depression. the emotional rollercoaster of this disorder can leave individuals feeling isolated, frustrated, and helpless, as they navigate the unpredictable ebb and flow of their emotions.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside my window, i'm trapped in the suffocating grip of my dark thoughts, unable to find the motivation or energy to join the world around me. the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a storm rolling in on a clear day.
bipolar and borderline i was diagnosed with bd 6 years ago, and received my bpd diagnosis yesterday. from what i get from the internet the major difference is that bpd alone does not experience mania, hence the bd diagnosis. has anyone else in this sub been diagnosed with both? how would you describe it? how's life?
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disconnected from reality and struggling to find a foothold in the present moment. for instance, 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling invincible and alive, but now i'm curled up under the covers, unable to face the day.
lamictal vaginal issues please be kind ladies on lamictal, any issues with itching, burning, yeast, or vaginitis? label identifies vaginitis as a reported side effect though i bet prevalence is unreported due to embarrassment. i am 33 and have never had a single issue down there my whole life totally bumming me out.
despite the beautiful sunshine and clear blue skies outside, the depths of my sadness and despair have suddenly plunged me into a dark and unending abyss. my mind is a chaotic storm of negative thoughts, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature continues to astound me.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with brilliant ideas. the next, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional landscapes.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with excitement and possibility. the next, i'm hit with a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or even lift a finger. it's like a storm passing through, leaving chaos in its wake and then suddenly clearing, only to return again unpredictably.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you're soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, you're mired in deep sadness and exhaustion. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, where the ups and downs can shift unexpectedly, leaving you feeling both elated and depleted.
how do you folks reach to vitamin d supplements? i've been trying high dose vitamin d supplements gt 5000iu on some days, and have been noticing fatigue and exercise intolerance on those days that i dose this. and relatively much calmer than usual. just wondering if its a bipolar thing, and you guys notice the same?
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from elation to despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and enthusiasm. the next, you're overwhelmed by feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and fatigue, unable to summon the energy to continue.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep sadness or lethargy the next 'i soared among the clouds with limitless creativity yesterday. today, i'm trapped beneath a heavy blanket of despair, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger.
in the blink of an eye, a vibrant sunshine of enthusiasm and productivity can be replaced by a stormy, dark night of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep sadness and immobilizing fatigue the next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed or exhausted the next. for instance, today, i'm consumed by a wave of creative inspiration and productivity. yesterday, i couldn't get out of bed due to crushing sadness and fatigue.
for instance, 'mania brings intense euphoria, but can also result in devastating crashes.' click here to view 58 more prompts and ideas. bipolar disorder introduces extreme emotional highs and lows, with mania offering an exhilarating, borderless excitement, only to abruptly transition into a paralyzing depression.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and despondent the next 'just hours ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, i'm weighed down by a heavy sadness and can barely muster the energy to lift a spoon to my lips.
i believe that bipolar disorder brings intense and often unpredictable emotional experiences, oscillating between feelings of profound euphoria and crushing sadness. these emotional swings can be both exhilarating and debilitating, leaving individuals grappling to maintain balance and find meaning amidst the chaos.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling as if they've plunged from the peaks of happiness into the depths of sadness in an instant. for example, 'i was soaring high with boundless enthusiasm just hours ago, but now i'm trapped in an unending pit of despair.
has anyone had cbt? if so, how did you find it? do you find it effective when not in mania or depression, and do you find it effective when either of these states are in effect? i would be interested to know especially if you find it useful during the peaks when it feels that the effects of bipolar have taken over.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression can unexpectedly sweep in, leaving me feeling stranded and disconnected from my previous self 'i was dancing with the stars last night, feeling unstoppable. today, i'm trapped in a dark room, unable to escape the suffocating weight of sadness.
in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving one feeling like they're on an emotional rollercoaster. 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free, but now i'm trapped under a heavy blanket of sadness, unable to escape the gloom.
although i'd been in a creative and productive phase, my mood suddenly plummeted. the vibrant colors of my world faded, replaced by a heavy, gray monotony. my thoughts became sluggish, and even the simplest tasks felt insurmountable. the joyous energy of mania gave way to the debilitating exhaustion of depression.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm shrouded in an unyielding fog of apathy and exhaustion, every task a mountain to climb. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of mood swings, leaves me grasping for stability in the chaos.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of apathy and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings can leave me feeling both elated and deflated within the span of a single day.
despite the sunny weather outside, i find myself enveloped by an inescapable fog, my thoughts heavy and sluggish, as if wading through molasses. the vibrant colors of the day have faded into monotone, replaced by a dull, leaden haze. i'm trapped in this labyrinth of apathy, unable to find my way back to the light.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated and productive the next, overwhelmed and unable to function. this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, in the afternoon, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness and lack the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, i'm paralyzed by the weight of my thoughts and can't seem to focus on anything.' bipolar disorder from manic productivity to debilitating depression in a heartbeat.
anxiety and bipolar i was laying next to my girlfriend and i had just put the baby to sleep, and i started shaking uncontrollably for about 5 minutes straight. my vision went blurry i couldn t speak or move. she was asleep. i m still kinda shaky but this was about 20 minutes ago and i m freaking out ?????? helpppp
one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating low, unable to find motivation or focus. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted, never knowing which way the wind will blow next.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts replaced by a monochrome palette. the energy that fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from the world around me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and dramatic mood swings. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, deeply depressed and unable to motivate yourself. for example 'this morning, i was filled with creativity and inspiration. now, it's late afternoon, and i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as a summer storm, transforming a sunny day into a torrential downpour. one moment, you may be engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity the next, you're overcome by a wave of lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find motivation.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and disengaged from the world around me. just hours ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation now, i'm struggling to find the energy to get out of bed. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next 'i was elated and creative yesterday, but today i'm trapped in a dark pit of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as the change from a sunny day to a thunderstorm. one moment you're soaring with creativity and energy, the next you're sinking into a deep, debilitating depression. for example 'i was elated and productive just hours ago, but now i'm paralyzed by sadness and apathy.
bipolar disorder is marked by extreme emotional highs and lows, often leaving individuals feeling both euphoric and hopeless within the same week. these emotional swings can leave individuals feeling isolated, helpless, and misunderstood, highlighting the need for compassionate understanding and proper treatment.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and rain clouds alternate within my mind from the depths of despair, i suddenly find myself lifted by the light of mania, only to plummet back down again, leaving me disoriented and uncertain of which emotion is real.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and motivation that once fueled me have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inherent risk of intense lows. a mood shift might look like this 'yesterday, i was soaring with boundless creativity and energy. today, that same energy has turned to despair, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless.
psychosis does anyone else experience psychosis? i heard it was a symptom of bipolar disorder but the link between psychosis and bipolar is only when a person is manic i experience psychosis in both ways but mostly when im depressive states, is it normally a part of bipolar or is that an another issue altogether
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and focus the next, i'm lying in bed, overwhelmed by hopelessness and fatigue. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted at the same time.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, the shift from mania to depression can be sudden and overwhelming. one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm paralyzed by sadness and fatigue. it's like going from a bright, sunny day to a stormy night in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and unmotivated the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and unable to concentrate on anything.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder's darker side creeps in, leaving one feeling hopelessly trapped in the depths of a depressive episode. 'the mania's exhilarating rush has subsided, replaced by an unrelenting emptiness and apathy that seems to seep into every aspect of my life.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, turning a day of excitement and creativity into a day of exhaustion and despair. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration. today, i'm overwhelmed by fatigue and apathy, unable to find motivation or joy.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of despair and apathy, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions.
mania after sickness i am coming out of a bad illness pneumonia or bronchitis. now that am i am starting to feel better i am starting to feel euphoric like mania is coming on. it s like feel so horrible for so long and seeing a light at the end of the tunnel is pushing me into mania. has anyone experienced this?
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur without warning, leaving the individual feeling disconnected from their previous state. for instance, 'i was laughing and dancing with life's rhythm yesterday, today i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, unable to find the melody.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated and productive to overwhelmed and lethargic can occur, leaving one feeling disconnected from their previous self. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling unstoppable. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find motivation.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with excitement and possibility the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing despair, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can leave you feeling both euphoric and devastated within the span of days, hours, or even minutes.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, my mind a whirlwind of ideas and possibilities. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark hole, my energy sapped and my thoughts mired in despair. bipolar disorder is a roller coaster of emotions, leaving me constantly bracing for the next unexpected shift.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from elation to despair in a heartbeat. one moment, you might be laughing and feeling alive the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness. it's like living two lives in one, with mood swings that can leave you feeling disoriented and lost.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense joy to profound sadness. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. this rollercoaster ride of emotions can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
changing med times i take quetiapine every night at around 10 pm. i missed a dose last night because silly me forgot to pick up my repeat prescription so i'm running on 0hrs sleep. i'm exhausted and want to take my meds now 8pm and then go back to 10 pm tomorrow but i'm wondering if that'll affect me negativly.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and exhaustion. one moment, i might be brimming with inspiration and motivation, the next, overwhelmed by despair and fatigue. it's an unpredictable dance of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and depleted.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm shrouded in despair and unable to find motivation or joy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave me feeling both elated and hopeless within the span of days or even hours.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm sinking into a pit of despair, my motivation and drive disappearing like sand through my fingers. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and devastated, a constant rollercoaster of emotions.
despite the sunny day and cheerful atmosphere around me, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, heavy with despair and apathy. the vibrant colors of the world have lost their luster, replaced by an overwhelming sense of emptiness. the mood shift in bipolar disorder is as sudden and unpredictable as a summer storm.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to tackle any challenge. now, as evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and uncertainty.' bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from exhilarating highs to debilitating lows.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you're soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, you're sinking into a deep, hopeless depression. 'i was elated and productive yesterday, but today, i can't seem to find the motivation or focus to do anything at all.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness and fatigue. for instance, this morning, i felt invigorated and creative. now, in the afternoon, i'm engulfed by a wave of hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the sunny weather and cheerful chatter around me, i'm trapped inside a thick fog, unable to muster up the motivation or focus to engage in the world around me. the shift from mania to depression feels like an instantaneous plunge into a bottomless pit, leaving me feeling utterly alone and disconnected.
despite the sun shining outside, i find myself enveloped in the crushing weight of hopelessness, my thoughts heavy and sluggish, as if the very essence of life has been sucked from my being. the mood swing, a common companion in my journey with bipolar disorder, leaves me feeling both bewildered and powerless.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm stuck in a dark and heavy fog, unable to find the motivation or focus that was once so vibrant and clear. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and defeated, as i navigate the unpredictable and tumultuous waters of my own mind.
sexual consent during psychotic manic episodes can consent for sexual acts be given during psychotic manic episodes? visual hallucinations seeing other people's faces on different people, auras around people, massive delusions, euphoria, etc involved. how debilitated must one be to not be able to give consent?
bipolar disorder's unpredictability can be disorienting. one moment, you're elated and overflowing with creativity the next, you're plunged into a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy. it's like a roller coaster of emotions, with highs and lows that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm engulfed in boundless creativity and joy the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness and hopelessness. the mood swings are like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, leaving me disoriented and clinging to stability.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, i'm engulfed in a thick fog, unable to focus or find joy in the simple pleasures that once brought me happiness. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling like a rollercoaster, never knowing which way the next ride will take me.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. for instance, 'last week, i felt unstoppable, like i could conquer the world. today, i'm unable to get out of bed, consumed by an overwhelming sadness that feels unbearable.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, my mind racing with new possibilities. the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing fog, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings leave me feeling both elated and despairing, a disorienting dance of highs and lows.
despite the sunny weather and buzzing excitement, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct. the shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder is as sudden as a storm cloud rolling in, obscuring the brightness and leaving only a somber grayness in its wake.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. a day ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity now, i struggle to focus on anything at all. this rollercoaster of emotions is the harsh reality of living with bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining and the beautiful day outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the contrast between the vibrant world around me and the inner turmoil i'm experiencing is a stark reminder of the unpredictability and complexity of living with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and clouds battle for dominance within. this morning, i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and invincible. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped by an unrelenting sadness, unable to find my way back to the light.
pm is open i love talking to people on here and man i ve been on a down lately... coming back up! got higher dosages and i feel so good.. i did before.. not like i ever didn t. anyway, i want a good conversation not talking about our hardships, but what is happy with our lives. a happy convo with some stranger
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to profound sadness can leave one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'i was basking in the glow of a creative surge yesterday, filled with boundless inspiration. today, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss, unable to find meaning or motivation.
while mania can bring intense elation and boundless energy, bipolar depression can leave one feeling trapped in a thick fog, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. 'yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i can't seem to focus or find motivation, no matter how hard i try.
proud of myself! being responsible and getting stuff done! i've been needing to get my oil changed for the past 1,000 miles and my headlight has been out for at least a month today i finally got my oil changed, my headlights replaced, and even changed my car air filters! i think i'll even get my tabs renewed!
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to deep despair, from boundless creativity to debilitating lethargy. 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and invigorated. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, as if the joy i felt just hours ago has been swallowed by the night.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm plunged into an abyss of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the motivation to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional and mental landscapes.
does exercising help? hey, i know that exercising can be helpful for people with depression, anxiety and other mental health problems. has anyone here been able to maintain a workout routine and has it helped with your bipolar at all? if so what kinds of exercise have helped the most? cardio? lifting? thanks!
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you're bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, you're shrouded in despair and unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling disoriented and uncertain.
while mania brings elation and limitless energy, the shift to depression can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. even simple tasks seem insurmountable. 'yesterday, i was on fire, bursting with ideas and energy. today, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and apathy.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic episode can give way to the debilitating sadness and lethargy of a depressive episode. for instance, 'this morning, i was engrossed in a productive workflow, brimming with inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, the sudden plunge into the depths of depression can leave one feeling disoriented and hopeless, as if the ground beneath has given way 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and inspiration. today, the void of despair has swallowed me whole.
bipolar disorder can suddenly swing from intense elation to profound despair, leaving one feeling like they're on an emotional rollercoaster. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, filled with inspiration and creativity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of hopelessness and despair.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, brimming with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark abyss of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger, let alone tackle the tasks before me. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of emotions.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge you into a deep, debilitating depression the next. 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. now, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness and unable to find motivation.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder, a relentless dance between elation and despair.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of despair and exhaustion, unable to focus or find motivation. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and utterly depleted.
why do people with bipolar have higher than average suicide rates? what causes this exactly? what causes the brain to respond to situations in this manner? or is it just from the long term brain trauma? have they ever done any studies on this particular topic? i ve never come across it when doing my research
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair and apathy, unable to find the motivation to lift a finger. bipolar disorder, with its unpredictable mood swings, can leave one feeling both elated and defeated within the span of a single day.
my sleep is dwindling i don t get much sleep but the past few weeks i sleep an average of five hours and ten minutes. i m just not tired at night. i m taking my meds. how can i sleep more? if this carries on i m sure i ll be heading towards the danger zone although right now that looks somewhat appealing ...
y'all i cleaned my room today i haven't cleaned my room in... months. and it was causing me so much anxiety but i couldn't make myself do it. well, today i did it! it feels so good. i also cut my dog's nails today and that was another thing i kept not doing that was causing me stress. today was a decent day!
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy the next, i'm sinking into a pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the span of a single day.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling isolated and numb. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded into a monochrome hue, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. i'm trapped in this dark and heavy cloud, unable to break free.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun vanished behind a thick, ominous cloud. one moment, you're basking in the warmth of life's vibrant colors and limitless potential the next, you're lost in the shadows of profound sadness and immobilizing fatigue.
any tips on knowing when you're ready to go back to work after being on disability does anyone have any tips? my mood is starting to lift from a dark depression but i am still worried i am not good enough to return to work. also i am sleeping 12 hours a day which would make it hard to function while working.
in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder, one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unquenchable enthusiasm, the next i'm ensnared in a dark abyss of despair and lethargy. a stark contrast, yet both emotions hold a grip on my being, leaving me forever captivated by the unpredictable dance of my mind.
is it safe to occasionally smoke weed i m aware that thc can cause psychotic symptoms, but is it okay to have a couple of hits maybe once every few months on special occasions? i used to smoke pot but i stopped. i m never going to be a regular smoker again, but every once in a while it would be nice. thanks
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected twists and turns, from the heights of mania to the depths of depression. a sudden shift might look like this 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and motivation. but now, in an instant, the energy drained, leaving me feeling hopeless and lost.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or make decisions. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a vibrant, productive day into a lethargic, unproductive one in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and boundless energy, the next, i'm sinking into an abyss of exhaustion and despair. it's like flipping a coin, some days i'm mania, others i'm depression. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling like i'm riding an unpredictable rollercoaster.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has taken a sudden turn for the worse. the cheerful, productive energy i once had has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's as if i've been plunged into a deep, dark abyss, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the bright light of day.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. one moment, you might feel elated, creative, and bursting with energy. the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness, fatigue, and a lack of motivation. this rollercoaster of emotions can make living with bipolar disorder a challenging experience.
despite the sun shining outside and the birds singing, i'm trapped in the dark recesses of my mind, where despair and hopelessness have taken hold. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has given way to a crushing lethargy, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by an inescapable sense of hopelessness and lethargy, unable to summon the motivation to continue. bipolar disorder's mood swings can leave me feeling disconnected from my own thoughts and actions.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in darkness, the energy i once possessed replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. the mood shift in bipolar disorder is like a rollercoaster ride, with highs that feel limitless and lows that leave you feeling trapped and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a productive workflow yesterday, filled with inspiration and clarity. today, i'm wrapped in a thick blanket of despair, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed or apathetic the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt a sense of creativity and boundless enthusiasm. now, in the evening, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of sadness and lethargy.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'this morning, i felt hopeful and productive, accomplishing tasks with ease. now, as the evening sets in, i'm engulfed by a sense of despair and lethargy, struggling to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
it s like having a middle life crises every few weeks when i clean my room i just flash back to all my projects and passions that i just needed to pursue completely. all the emptied bank accounts. long hours working on it then losing interest when i spiraled down. nothing but scrap and shame to show for it
although i've been in a state of productive creativity for days, suddenly my energy plummets, and i'm enveloped in a fog of exhaustion and apathy. my thoughts have slowed to a crawl, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the manic high of inspiration has given way to the crushing low of despair.
fear of being happy every time i start to become happy, to work on something, to even obsess a bit about it i m scared i m becoming hypomanic and that i should do something to control it. it an awful feeling being afraid of happiness cause you don t know what it can turn into. as this even happened to you?
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge me into a deep, debilitating depression the next. today, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find motivation or joy, a stark contrast to the bright, vibrant energy that once fueled me.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in darkness, the energy and motivation i once possessed replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and hopelessness. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and defeated, a constant rollercoaster of emotions.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep despair and immobility the next. for instance, this morning, i was bursting with creativity and motivation. now, in the evening, i'm overwhelmed by an inescapable sadness and lethargy.
anyone got genetic latuda from cost plus drug? i ve been checking the website and it said out of stock. i m wondering if anyone got it before. i want to use cost plus drug because it will save me so much money, but i m worry that it will take awhile to get the medication and if i can get a refill on time.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you might be overwhelmed by sadness and unable to get out of bed. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride that can leave you feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
i'm manic and stable and doing it. well the title says most of it. i'm manic right now but i'm also stable and know i'll get through. life is normal, i talked with my doc and got a sleep aid. i'll make it and life will continue. i never thought i'd be here, but here i am, and it's a wonderful place to be.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric, creative, and productive the next, you might be plunged into a deep depression, struggling to get out of bed. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, leaving you feeling both elated and exhausted.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the wind, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep sadness or lethargy the next 'from soaring heights to crushing lows, bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both invincible and powerless.
anyone else suffer from migraines with prodrome mood swings? if you do, is there a way to tell if it's your mood disorder or an on coming migraine before the migraine hits? i always seem to think my sudden mood swings are cause by my bp, and then the migraine hits and i'm like okay, that makes more sense.
feeling a bit shitty, could someone talk to me? not an emergency can someone talk to me for a bit...? i'm not in the greatest of moods today and could use a sympathetic ear. amp x200b it's not an emergency, i'm not suicidal or self destructive, i've been stable for a few months. just a bit sad and lonely.
bipolar disorder's mood swings are unpredictable and intense. one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing apathy. 'this morning, i felt invincible, my mind brimming with creativity. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional swings. one moment, you might feel euphoric and productive the next, you're consumed by a deep sadness or lethargy. for instance, this morning, i felt invigorated and ready to tackle the day. now, in the afternoon, i'm overcome with despair and unable to focus.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, turning a day filled with productivity and joy into one of despair and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation.
despite the highs of boundless creativity and limitless enthusiasm, the depths of bipolar disorder can plunge one into a dismal pit of apathy and lethargy. a day filled with vibrant color and rich emotion can swiftly transform into a monochrome existence, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, a rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, you're soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, you're plunged into a dark abyss of despair and hopelessness. it's a dance between light and shadow, a symphony of contrasts.
despite the excitement and creativity of mania, the crushing weight of depression can suddenly set in, leaving one feeling isolated and helpless. 'just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a project, bursting with inspiration. now, i'm stuck in bed, unable to find the motivation to get up and face the day.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today i'm hit with a wave of sadness and lethargy. i went from feeling productive and engaged to barely able to get out of bed. it's a stark reminder that even on good days, the potential for a mood shift is always present.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated one moment and utterly depleted the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and productive, tackling projects with a renewed sense of purpose. now, in the evening, i'm overcome by fatigue and struggle to keep my eyes open.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, replaced with an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder are a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and dejected within the span of a single week.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the emotional rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and devastated. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to lift my head above the water.
one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds with limitless creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and the mood shifts can be as sudden and unexpected as a loop de loop.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling trapped and disoriented, as if the ground beneath has given way. for instance, 'i was soaring above the clouds with boundless joy yesterday. today, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, unable to see a way out.
bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from the elated heights of mania to the crushing depths of depression. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm paralyzed by exhaustion and despair. it's a dance of light and shadow, an endless cycle of euphoria and despair.
despite the sun shining outside and the cheerful chatter of passersby, i find myself sinking into a deep, heavy sadness, my thoughts sluggish and heavy, as if wading through molasses. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden as a thunderstorm, leaving me feeling both disoriented and powerless.
while in a manic episode, i feel invincible and overflowing with creativity, productivity, and limitless potential. but as the mania subsides and i enter a depressive episode, the world becomes a heavy weight, and i'm left feeling exhausted, unmotivated, and unable to find joy in even the simplest tasks.
sickness and depression so, i ve been manic or mixed since before september. now with this viral bronchitis crap, i m crying a lot more and just want to sleep. hello, depression. even though, for me, depression is safer than mania, god i miss mania. i want to know the stats with sickness and mood change.
in the blink of an eye, a sunny disposition can turn into a dark abyss, leaving the heart of a bipolar individual shrouded in despair and hopelessness. despite yesterday's vibrant enthusiasm, today's reality is a heavy burden, as energy fades, and the once luminous world becomes a dim and distant memory.
despite the elation and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable and often sudden crash. from soaring heights to depths of despair, my moods swing wildly. yesterday, i was brimming with enthusiasm and productivity today, i'm paralyzed by fatigue and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, from intense elation to crushing sadness. one moment, i may be engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm overwhelmed by feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks.
while experiencing the elated highs of mania, i savored every moment, reveling in the boundless creativity and limitless energy. but now, as the pendulum swings back, i'm plunged into the depths of depression, every ounce of motivation and joy seemingly evaporated, leaving me feeling isolated and empty.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, filled with boundless energy and inspiration. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy, unable to find the motivation to even get out of bed. this is the unpredictable and tumultuous nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can suddenly flip a mood from elated euphoria to crushing sadness. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and confidence. now, hours later, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, like a dark cloud has enveloped my entire being.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in emotions and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. but suddenly, that enthusiasm turned into an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy, leaving me unable to complete even the simplest tasks.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can swing from intense euphoria to profound sadness in the blink of an eye, leaving one feeling disoriented and lost. for instance, 'just hours ago, i was engulfed in a wave of happiness and creativity. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, filled with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm sinking into a deep pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and defeated within the span of a single day.
the valentine s day thread celebrating joy, sorrow amp everything in between. gather 'round and throw it in the fire https imgur.com a 8imij for your cathartic pleasure. your go to spot for walls of text, rants about hallmark holidays, misgivings, successes... you name it regarding this brutal day. lt 3
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadows play a constant dance upon the soul. one moment, the day is filled with boundless creativity and an insatiable thirst for life the next, the world is a heavy burden, each step a herculean effort.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in emotion and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated and productive the next, overwhelmed and lethargic. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and accomplished. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and fatigue.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from euphoria and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
while mania brings elation and boundless energy, depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling hopeless, drained, and lost in the depths of despair. a brief shift might be, 'from euphoria to emptiness in an instant, my mood plummets like a rollercoaster, leaving me lost and alone in the darkness.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with inspiration and excitement. the next, i'm hit with a wave of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus or summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my moods.
apathy light me up, do it like when i bled, say i love you, then suffocate my voice, mark my flesh, make me your possession, with your eyes gone red, belittle every ounce of me, all squeezed with no pulp left, feel anemic, confidence has shipped, numbed to the rattling, as apathy becomes my only friend.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and demotivated the next. for instance, 'yesterday, i was brimming with creative inspiration and productivity. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of fatigue and apathy.
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, soul crushing despair, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me clinging to stability as the landscape of my mood shifts dramatically.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next 'i soared among the clouds with boundless creativity yesterday. today, i'm trapped in a dark pit, unable to escape the crushing weight of despair.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling disconnected from reality and overwhelmed by intense emotions. for instance, 'i was elated and productive just hours ago, now i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to focus or find motivation.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from the heights of elation to the depths of despair. one moment, you might feel invincible, bursting with creativity and productivity. the next, you could be overwhelmed by sadness, despair, or hopelessness, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful chatter of my friends around me, my heart feels heavy with sadness and lethargy, a stark contrast to the manic highs i've experienced before. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and defeated in the span of a single breath.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find meaning or joy in anything. bipolar disorder's mood swings are as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me constantly adapting to the ever changing emotional landscape within me.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and dramatic as a stormy sky, one moment bathed in the bright light of mania, the next plunged into the depths of depression. 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i can barely get out of bed and the world feels heavy on my shoulders.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds, the world a vibrant, beautiful canvas beneath me. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of sadness, every color and sound muted and dull. it's like a rollercoaster ride with no off switch.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling both disconnected from reality and intensely connected to their emotions. 'this morning, i was certain i could conquer the world. now, i'm unable to get out of bed, the weight of sadness pressing me down.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, my mind racing with possibilities. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. it's like living on the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder, with no control over when the mood will shift again.
gastroparesis amp bipolar antone have gastroparesis an bipolar what medications are you able to take without them getting you sick? my psychiatrist wants me on lamotrigine an remon known as mirtazapine. he's only putting me on one antidepressant because of my lack of sleep at night . an that's my mania
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project with boundless enthusiasm. the next, you could be struck by an overwhelming sense of sadness or exhaustion, leaving you unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me struggling to keep pace with my own emotions.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep despair the next. for instance, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration, but suddenly, the light within me dimmed, leaving me feeling lost and overwhelmed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and immobility. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, lost in my own world yesterday. today, i can barely lift my head from the pillow, consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair.
bipolar and stimming? hello everyone! it is suspected that i am on the bipolar spectrum. for most of my life however i have participated in behavior such as rocking and hand wringing. i am not on the autism spectrum, which is what stimming is usually associated with. can stimming be a bipolar symptom?
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling as if they've been thrown into a completely different world. for instance, i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and unstoppable. now, i'm confined to my bed, drowning in an ocean of sadness.
in bipolar disorder, one moment i can be elated and productive, filled with grand plans and boundless energy the next, i may plunge into a deep, debilitating depression, leaving me unable to focus or even get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, and each shift can be jarring and disorienting.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from reality. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, brimming with creative inspiration. now, i'm trapped in a dark, hopeless abyss, unable to find my way back to the light.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, as the day goes on, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm, the next i'm sinking into a dark, hopeless pit, every ounce of energy and motivation drained away. bipolar disorder can be a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving one feeling both elated and depleted within the span of a day.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. a moment ago, i was brimming with motivation and creativity now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, from elation to despair. for instance, 'last night, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and inspiration. but this morning, the clouds of sadness and hopelessness have descended, leaving me feeling isolated and powerless.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and plans. the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss of exhaustion and apathy, unable to muster the energy to even lift a finger. this is the unpredictable and seemingly endless cycle of bipolar disorder.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes manic episodes in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift into a depressive episode can be devastating. one moment, i'm brimming with enthusiasm and productivity the next, i'm trapped in a dark, heavy fog, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted in the span of a single day.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending winter. the vibrant colors of life have faded, replaced by a monochromatic palette of gray. my mind, once a creative force, now feels heavy with the weight of apathy and despair.
despite the joy and creativity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. for instance, after an exhilarating week of productivity and inspiration, today i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, brimming with creativity and boundless energy. the next moment, you may be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply despairing the next. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, in the evening, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense elation to crushing sadness. one moment, i may be laughing and full of life, the next, consumed by a deep, debilitating sadness that leaves me unable to function. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can be both exhilarating and terrifying.
despite the exhilaration of a manic high, the sudden plunge into the depths of depression can leave one feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and uncontainable enthusiasm. today, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find meaning or motivation.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge you into a deep, debilitating depression the next. example 2 'i was in the depths of despair just a week ago, but now i'm filled with hope and motivation, like i can conquer the world again.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm engulfed in a crushing depression, unable to summon the will to get out of bed. the rollercoaster of emotions that is bipolar disorder leaves me clinging to stability, yearning for a sense of normalcy amidst the chaos.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of despair has taken over, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. the manic highs of creativity and productivity have given way to the crushing weight of apathy and lethargy, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from the world around me.
dealing with the trauma of group therapy. advice please i'm at a residential program and given that i am elevated, i am quite elevated and sitting still for that long is tough and it's amplified when people are sharing their traumatic experiences. please share any advice that you have for this issue?
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i feel elated, energized, and unstoppable. but when the mood shifts to depression, the world becomes a heavy burden, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. 'yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the universe. today, i can barely get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, i find myself shrouded in a heavy fog of apathy and lethargy, unable to summon the same enthusiasm and motivation that once fueled my passions. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self.
a quick thank you hey guys! i just wanted to stop by this forum subreddit i guess to say that the people on here were amazing in a really dark time of need for me. i hope you all are feeling content, loved and stable. an amazing song for me right now is way less sad ajr. the lyrics are very poignant.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic episode can give way to the crushing weight and apathy of a depressive one. for instance, this morning, i was soaring with inspiration and productivity. now, in the evening, i'm buried under an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion.
while in a manic phase, i revel in the endless energy and creativity that courses through me, feeling invincible and unstoppable. but as the mania wanes, i'm left with an empty void, the energy draining away, leaving me feeling exhausted and hopeless, unsure of how to navigate the newfound stillness.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a sea of lethargy and despair. it's like flipping a coin, sometimes it lands on heads, other times on tails but the unpredictability is what makes living with bipolar disorder a constant rollercoaster ride.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me elated and productive one moment, only to plunge me into a deep sadness and immobility the next 'i soared above the clouds with boundless creativity yesterday. today, i'm trapped beneath them, unable to find the motivation or energy to lift a finger.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur, leaving one feeling utterly alone in the depths of their emotions. for instance, 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling so alive and free. now, i'm curled up in a ball, overwhelmed by the weight of my thoughts.
despite the exhilarating highs and intoxicating creativity that often come with bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows. the mood shift may be described as from the peaks of boundless inspiration to the depths of crushing exhaustion, bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense joy and creativity to crushing sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was elated and productive, feeling like i could conquer the world. now, in the afternoon, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't bring myself to leave my bed.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm shrouded in an impenetrable fog, my energy sapped and my thoughts muddled. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me yearning for the stability of a steady emotional tide.
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creative inspiration and boundless energy the next, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair, unable to find the motivation to leave my bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a bright day into a stormy night, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes the manic phase in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift can leave one feeling disoriented and overwhelmed, as if plunged into a deep, dark pool of despair from elated to emptiness, the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can leave me reeling.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lethargic the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can't bring myself to do anything.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and creativity. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing despair, unable to find meaning or motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the highs and lows, never quite sure which way the pendulum will swing.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from euphoric elation to crushing despair can be as abrupt as the turning of a light switch. for instance, 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, my thoughts raced with excitement and possibility. now, i'm overcome with sadness, as if a dark cloud has settled upon me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from intense euphoria to crushing despair. for instance, 'just hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with passion and inspiration. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and helplessness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
people with breasts through mania and medications i managed to lose so much weight i now have the smallest breasts in my life. maybe this isn t the place but i m p angry about it. i lost a lost of weight, unhealthily, but like, god fuck. i also worry, maybe it s new med, i m gonna enter mania soon.
does anyone else constantly think about the fact that you re bp and it makes you really depressed all the time because it s always on your mind? like you wake up happy then you re like oh yeah i m bp and then you just keep thinking about it and you end up staying in bed all day getting nothing done
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next, i'm crashing into a pit of despair, unable to find motivation or focus. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly questioning my reality and grappling with the harsh contrasts between emotional highs and lows.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated and productive to hopeless and immobile can occur without warning, leaving one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and focus. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the energy to face the day.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an exhausting fog, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both elated and defeated within the span of a day.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by an inescapable sense of despair and hopelessness.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness and lack the motivation to get out of bed. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you feeling disconnected from your own experiences.
how do you manage anhedonia? recently i haven't been able to feel anything. i'm so demotivated i can't do anything. i feel so hopeless recently and a bit frustrated that i am numb. i'm currently on olanzapine and i'm not sure if this is a side effect of this medicine. any help would be appreciated.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and despair. for instance, 'this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic. but as the day wore on, i became increasingly anxious and overwhelmed, plunged into a deep sadness i couldn t escape.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as disorienting as a summer storm giving way to a winter blizzard. 'one moment, i was laughing at my own jokes, feeling invincible. the next, i was consumed by a darkness so profound, it seemed to swallow me whole.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. here's an example of a mood shift thought 'just a few hours ago, i felt invincible and ready to take on the world. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find the energy or motivation to get out of bed.
stop recommending the er be depressed go to er 6000 medical bill be depressed and in debt seriously for those with mental health issues in the united states please fucking stop recommending the er. its expensive and a horrible experience. if you live outside of the us great! enjoy your healthcare.
despite the beautiful sunrise this morning, i'm feeling an unexpected wave of sadness and hopelessness that's typical of my bipolar disorder. the world around me remains vibrant and full of promise, but i'm trapped in a dark and endless tunnel, unable to join in the joy and vitality of the moment.
bipolar disorder's mood swings are like a roller coaster ride one moment you're soaring high with unbounded creativity and energy, the next, you're plummeting into a deep pit of despair and lethargy. just when i thought i'd touched the sun, i've found myself lost in the darkest depths of the moon.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and passion the next, i'm plunged into a dark, hopeless pit, unable to summon the will to get out of bed. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and terrified, never knowing which emotion will take hold next.
bipolar disorder, characterized by extreme mood swings, evokes a sense of unpredictability, with moments of profound euphoria and depths of despair. the emotional rollercoaster leaves individuals grappling with the joy and pain, light and darkness, hope and despair, all in the span of a heartbeat.
just got diagnosed as the title says i just got diagnosed bipolar, not sure what type i am yet but it's probably type 2. i guess i'm searching for people similar to me for some guidance, and answer to some of my questions. even if it's just to talk and share our experiences, it would help greatly!
life is hard... quit my job today because i just can t do it anymore. i filed for ss but i doubt i ll get it. thank god i have a supporting wife. i am an uber driver too so i at least have some income coming in. anyone else have issues keeping a job down? i go to school full time so it s draining.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun has vanished behind a cloud, casting an unexpected shadow over your mood. 'one moment, i was basking in the radiant warmth of joy and creativity. the next, i was plunged into the icy depths of despair and hopelessness.
example this morning, i was brimming with productivity and creativity, but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can be unpredictable and disorienting, leaving me struggling to keep pace with my own emotions.
bipolar disorder is marked by extreme emotional volatility, with intense highs and devastating lows. the joy and creativity of mania can quickly give way to the despair and lethargy of depression, leaving the individual grappling with the unpredictable and unstable nature of their emotional state.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed and unable to function. this morning, i felt invincible, bursting with creativity. now, in the evening, i'm consumed by an intense sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and immobility. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and motivation. today, i'm unable to focus, shrouded in a deep, debilitating sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, from euphoria and productivity to deep despair and immobility. for example 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle any challenge. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of hopelessness and exhaustion.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected and intense wave of sadness or mania can suddenly engulf the mind and body, disrupting the normal flow of thoughts and emotions. for instance, i was engrossed in a joyful project yesterday, but today, i'm consumed by a profound sense of despair and hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm enveloped in an oppressive fog, my thoughts mired in a thick sludge, unable to lift the weight of my own mind. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder play a cruel game with my emotions, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me.
can your mood change in a day not rapid cycling is it just me or do you find you can be normal one day and depressed the next, and stay in that depression for months on end. i'm not talking rapid cycling through mood. just it takes a few days to change from depression to mania and you stay there.
bipolar disorder's mood swings are unpredictable and intense. one moment, you're elated, creative, and bursting with energy the next, you're consumed by despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything. living on the edge of euphoria and depression, i never know which emotion will take hold next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from euphoria to despair, from intense creativity to debilitating lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was elated, brimming with inspiration and productivity. now, it's late evening, and i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing weight of depression in bipolar disorder can arrive unexpectedly, as the sun sets on a day once filled with boundless creativity and energy 'the vibrant colors of my once brilliant world have faded, leaving only the monochrome hues of despair.
despite the sun shining outside my window this morning, i find myself sinking into the depths of despair, unable to shake off the heavy fog that has enveloped my mind. the contrast between my elated mood just a few days ago and the crushing weight i feel now is both bewildering and disheartening.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from intense elation to crushing despair can leave one feeling disoriented and powerless, as if the ground beneath their feet has given way. 'i was basking in the glow of manic creativity yesterday, but today i'm submerged in the depths of debilitating sadness.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mood has taken a sudden turn for the worse. the joy and motivation i once felt has been replaced by a heavy sense of despair and apathy. i can't help but feel trapped in this dark and endless pit, unable to find the energy or inspiration to break free.
bipolar disorder is characterized by intense emotional swings, oscillating between the highs of mania and the lows of depression, creating a complex and challenging emotional landscape. it's a roller coaster of emotions, leaving individuals feeling both elated and devastated within the same week.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm stuck in a dark pit of exhaustion and apathy, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly second guessing my abilities and questioning my reality.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my thoughts racing ahead of me, full of excitement and possibility. the next, i'm hit with a wave of exhaustion and hopelessness, unable to focus or find the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct, replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and despair. the manic energy and creativity that once fueled me has been replaced by an insurmountable sense of exhaustion and despair.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and deeply depressed and lethargic the next 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive and unstoppable. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can't bring myself to leave the bed.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creative inspiration, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. it's as if two completely different people are living inside me, taking turns at the helm.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and productivity. today, i'm consumed by despair, unable to find joy or motivation.
my biggest struggle with bp is probably that i go into full fuck my boss mode sometimes like when i get depressed, i think oh, i can't keep a job, i'm pathetic. , but it's not that i couldn't keep a job, it's that i had shitty bosses in shitty companies, and hypomanic me has 0 tolerance for that
in the midst of an intense manic episode, i found myself lost in the depths of a sudden and unexpected depressive crash. the euphoria of endless possibilities and limitless energy gave way to a heavy, suffocating sadness. i went from dancing in the rain to drowning in it, in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and focus. the next, i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder, with its extreme mood swings, can turn a bright day into a stormy night in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun has vanished behind an impenetrable cloud. for instance, this morning, i was bursting with creativity and confidence. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a dark pit of hopelessness and self doubt.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound mood shifts. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and unstoppable the next, you might be plunged into a deep sadness or immobilizing lethargy. it's like a roller coaster of emotions, leaving you feeling both exhilarated and disoriented.
lamictol related disassociation hi , i m on a dose up schedule with lamictal and changed from 50 mg to 75 mg this wednesday . i have been feeling a lot of disassociation since the beginning of this week and it makes me scared and anxious . any one else experience this ? does it go away ? thanks
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and self care, today i find myself plunged into a deep sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it's as if the sun that had been shining so brightly within me has been eclipsed, leaving me in a dim and desolate place.
despite the sunny morning and clear blue skies, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of despair, unable to shake off the heavy weight of sadness that has taken hold. the shift from euphoria to depression in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as the weather changing in an instant.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to profound despair, as if the sun has vanished behind storm clouds in a heartbeat. for instance, 'i was reveling in a wave of creative inspiration yesterday. today, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair.
despite the sunny weather outside, the depths of my depression have engulfed me, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the world around me seems muted, as if i'm viewing it through a thick layer of glass. my thoughts are heavy and sluggish, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, the next moment, you're overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy. for instance, i was elated and creative yesterday, now i'm paralyzed by despair and can barely get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm engulfed by an inescapable darkness within, the vibrant colors of my thoughts fading into a monochrome existence. the exhilarating highs and crashing lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and lost, a captive of my own emotional rollercoaster.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, you're elated and productive, the next, you're overwhelmed and unable to function. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and can barely get out of bed.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm engulfed by a debilitating fog, unable to concentrate on even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional and mental shifts.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, today the fog has descended, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. the brightness of yesterday's world has dimmed, and i'm left feeling lost and alone in the gray.
single manic episode? is it possible or have any of you only had one manic episode in your life? but like a really big one that made you do embarrassing things. i'm new to this. i had one a few years ago. only recently discovered what it was. i knew i had depression, but this was an eye opener.
despite the sunny weather outside, i find myself enveloped in an unexpected fog, my thoughts heavy and sluggish, as if i've been plunged into the depths of a murky lake. the manic energy that once propelled me forward now eludes me, replaced by an inexplicable lethargy that clings to my bones.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster ride of emotions. yesterday, i savored the intoxicating highs, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. today, i'm drowning in the depths of despair, unable to summon the will to lift my head above the dark waves.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm mired in a deep, dark pit, unable to summon the strength to lift a finger. bipolar disorder, with its unpredictable mood swings, can leave me feeling like i'm on a rollercoaster with no brakes.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to deep despair. one moment, you may feel unstoppable, brimming with creativity and confidence the next, you're overwhelmed by hopelessness and lethargy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
while in the manic phase, i was engulfed by an intoxicating sense of euphoria and productivity, pushing the boundaries of my abilities. but now, during the depressive episode, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion, unable to find the motivation to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and optimism. the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me feeling disoriented and powerless.
one moment, i'm soaring with a rush of creative inspiration and boundless energy the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to summon the strength to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a vibrant, sunlit day into a dark and stormy night in the blink of an eye.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world. a day ago, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and motivation, but now all i can muster is an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, my mind a whirlwind of possibilities. the next, i'm crashing down into the depths of despair, every thought a struggle, every action an effort. it's like living on the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder, with no predictability or control.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from peak productivity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, the world is a vibrant, exciting place, full of endless possibilities the next, it's a dark, overwhelming void, leaving even the simplest tasks feeling insurmountable.
although i had been experiencing the exhilaration of a manic episode just a few days ago, i now find myself sinking into the depths of a depressive episode. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded into shades of gray, and even the simplest tasks feel like insurmountable obstacles.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive, the next, overwhelmed and lethargic. this morning, i was bursting with creativity and focus. now, as the afternoon drags on, i'm enveloped in a heavy fog of fatigue and despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness and sadness. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
full imagined world's excessive daydreaming does anyone else spend an extortionate amount of time in your own head? i am a notorious daydreamer, i have very complex scenarios set up in my head and i can drift into them for hours at a time. does anyone else have this? i feel like a weirdo haha
while bipolar disorder is known for its extreme mood swings, a subtle yet profound shift can sometimes go unnoticed. for instance, 'this morning, i felt a sense of calm and clarity, but now as the day progresses, a growing unease and agitation creeps in, leaving me feeling uneasy and on edge.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elated and productive to profoundly sad and immobile. here's a thought that captures this 'this morning, i felt like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, you may feel invincible and brimming with creativity the next, you're enveloped in a deep, debilitating sadness. this unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions can make daily life a challenging journey.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment you may feel elated, creative, and brimming with ideas the next, you may feel overwhelmed, exhausted, and unable to focus. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling lost and disoriented. for instance, 'this morning, i was bursting with creativity and optimism. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, as if the joy i once felt had been sucked out of me.
experience with doxepin? currently getting of seroquel, first tried traxadone didnt work for sleep then now doxepin.. its makes me sleep but having nightmares. anyone here tried doxepin? any problems with sleep? weight gain? currently on lamotrigine 100mg and doxepin 10mg i take two thank you
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness are an endless abyss, swallowing me whole. just a week ago, i was filled with boundless joy and creativity now, i'm consumed by a crushing hopelessness. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both lost and powerless.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind racing with possibilities. the next, i'm swallowed by a crushing wave of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus or even lift a finger. it's like living two lives at once, constantly oscillating between euphoria and emptiness.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and severe. one moment, you may feel euphoric and productive, filled with grand plans and boundless energy. the next moment, you could plunge into a deep sadness or immobilizing lethargy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with ideas and motivation, only to be hit by an unexpected wave of despair and exhaustion, leaving me unable to focus or function.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and limitless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, soul crushing despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me constantly questioning which version of myself is real.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of fatigue and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a productive day into a struggle to get through the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. the vibrant energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no end. one moment, you're soaring high with boundless creativity and limitless energy the next, you're trapped in a dark abyss of despair, unable to escape the suffocating weight of your thoughts.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next, robbing me of my motivation and joy. 'just when i thought i could touch the sun, i find myself sinking into the darkest depths of despair.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. the contrast between the cheerful outside world and the internal turmoil of bipolar disorder is a constant battle.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and deeply depressed the next. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with inspiration. but now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't seem to focus on anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm laughing and feeling alive the next, i'm plunged into a dark pit of sadness and hopelessness. it's like living on an emotional rollercoaster, where the highs and lows can be intense and unpredictable.
bipolar disorder presents a rollercoaster of emotions, with highs of intense elation, creativity, and motivation, followed by lows of profound sadness, fatigue, and despair. this emotional see saw can feel exhilarating yet terrifying, a double edged sword that adds complexity to daily life.
despite the exhilarating highs, bipolar disorder also brings unpredictable lows. one moment, you're brimming with creativity and motivation the next, you're consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and apathy. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving you unsure of which way is up.
despite the highs of boundless creativity and unmatched productivity, bipolar disorder can suddenly plunge you into the depths of despair and debilitating fatigue. a day filled with vibrant color and endless possibility can swiftly transform into a bleak landscape of exhaustion and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected twists and turns, from elated heights to crushing lows. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm shrouded in despair and helplessness. it's an unpredictable dance of emotions, leaving me constantly on guard for the next shift.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to an unexpected storm 'one moment, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration. the next, i was enveloped in a shroud of hopelessness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows a heartbeat of emotion. one moment, i'm dancing with life's vibrant rhythm, filled with boundless creativity and limitless potential. the next, i'm lost in the depths of despair, each beat a reminder of my emptiness and hopelessness.
abilify i ve been on abilify since the beginning of march and it seems to be working pretty well so far. my only issue is with the side effects. i have blurry vision and i m extremely tired even though i take the medicine at night. does anybody know if the symptoms will clear up eventually?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation and productivity to deep despair and immobility. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration, just hours ago. now, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or make the simplest decisions.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, the depths of my sadness seem to have swallowed me whole, leaving me unable to find joy in the simple pleasures of life. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn a beautiful day into a bleak and isolating experience.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm engulfed by a dense fog of apathy and despair. another example just a few hours ago, i was lost in the thrill of a manic high. now, the world feels heavy and unbearable, and i'm sinking into a deep, dark pit of depression.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm enveloped in an oppressive fog, unable to focus or find joy in the simple pleasures of life. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling like i'm on an unpredictable rollercoaster, never knowing when the next shift will come.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of lethargy. the joy and enthusiasm i once held just days ago has been replaced with an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as a summer thunderstorm. one moment, you're basking in the sunshine of mania, brimming with creativity and productivity. the next, you're plunged into the darkness of depression, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from exhilarating euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadows are battling within. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
new med, who dis? advice please after 8 years, i'm back in the saddle trying new meds. what advice do you have? what i remember from last time plan nothing for the first few days don't expect to be able to drive read nothing about side effects stockpile couch activities shows, movies, games
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and completely drained and hopeless the next 'this morning, i was filled with creativity and inspiration. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to muster the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me grappling with the stark contrast between euphoria and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elated euphoria to crushing sadness. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm overwhelmed by despair and hopelessness. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling disoriented and powerless.
big irritation i am irritated today as fuck. i don t understand why. there was one situation that upset me my fault but could that be the reason? i am usually a very calm, stable person. and now i am angry af. yes i take my pills every day. i don t want to do something stupid. i am scared.
while mania can bring intense joy and productivity, the subsequent depressive episode can leave one feeling isolated, helpless, and consumed by darkness. for instance, 'i was elated and productive during my manic phase, but now i'm trapped in a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with brilliant ideas and possibilities. the next, i'm ensnared by an oppressive fog, my energy sapped, my thoughts sluggish and murky. bipolar disorder an unpredictable dance between elation and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, from the exhilarating heights of mania to the crushing depths of depression. today, i'm lost in the fog of despair, unable to find my way back to the light. yesterday, i soared on the wings of elation, feeling invincible and unstoppable.
despite the elation and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there is an inevitable shift towards the depths of depression. the mania fades, leaving behind an empty void, as the darkness of depression descends, enveloping every thought and shattering my spirit.
despite the sun shining bright and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the exhilarating highs and debilitating lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and utterly drained within the span of a day.
sappy post loving each of you is helping my love myself title says it. i love all of your humor, your strengths, your obstacles, all of it. i realized its helping me view myself as a real person and accept my own ups and downs as well! so, thanks for sharing your lives, internet strangers.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling utterly alone and disconnected from reality. 'just a moment ago, i was dancing with joy, lost in the rhythm of life. now, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to find my way back to the light.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of despair, unable to summon the energy to continue. in bipolar disorder, moods can shift rapidly and unpredictably, leaving us feeling disoriented and powerless.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i danced with life, basking in the warm glow of creativity and boundless energy. today, i'm lost in a dark abyss, every ounce of motivation and vitality swallowed by an all consuming sadness.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the vibrant world around me. a shift in mood from elation to profound sadness in the space of a heartbeat, a stark reminder of the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression in bipolar disorder can suddenly emerge, leaving one feeling trapped in a dark abyss 'from elated euphoria to devastating despair, bipolar disorder's mood swings leave me disoriented and struggling to find my footing.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside my window, the darkness of depression has settled in, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. i can no longer find joy in the simple pleasures of life instead, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
how do you manage feeling down about the future because of your diagnosis? sometimes i feel really down when an up ends and i m depressed once again. i want the cycling to stop but i know my up and down intense emotions will probably always be a part of my life. how do you deal with this?
while mania can bring intense joy and creativity, the subsequent depressive episode can leave one feeling trapped in a dark and overwhelming emptiness. 'just yesterday, i was soaring with boundless energy and inspiration today, i'm buried beneath a crushing weight of despair and lethargy.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from productivity to lethargy. for instance, this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, brimming with ideas. now, as evening approaches, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to lift a spoon.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, the depths of my sadness have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me. the vibrant colors of life have faded into a monochrome existence, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. here's a possible thought capture this morning, i was elated, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking into a pit of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to get anything done.
despite the sun shining outside and the upbeat music playing, my thoughts have turned dark and sluggish, reflecting the emotional turmoil within me. the contrast between my outer surroundings and inner state is jarring, as i grapple with the mood swings characteristic of bipolar disorder.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and motivation of a manic episode can give way to the debilitating sadness and lethargy of a depressive episode. for instance, 'i was ecstatically planning my future yesterday today, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration and productivity. today, i'm struggling with debilitating apathy and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, sometimes the shift can be subtle and unexpected. for instance, i was enjoying a peaceful evening at home, lost in a good book. suddenly, a wave of restlessness washed over me, leaving me feeling agitated and unable to focus.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to summon the will to lift a finger. bipolar disorder's mood swings are like an unpredictable storm, leaving me drenched in emotion and unsure of which way is up.
although i've been in a state of creativity and productivity, my mood has suddenly plummeted, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. it's as if a dark cloud has descended upon me, casting a shadow over my spirit and leaving me longing for the light.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by an emotional storm, unable to concentrate or find my footing. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a vibrant, productive day into a disoriented, chaotic one in an instant.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, hopeless depression the next. 'i savored the warmth of the sun and the buzz of creative inspiration yesterday. today, the shadows of despair have swallowed me whole.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me elated and productive one moment, only to plunge me into a deep, unmotivated slump the next. today, i'm ensnared in a thick fog, unable to focus or find joy in anything, a stark contrast to the vibrant, energetic self i was just yesterday.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, filled with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm crashing down into the depths of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me never knowing which mood will take hold next.
while mania can bring euphoria and boundless creativity, bipolar depression can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, unending tunnel with no end in sight. a shift from elation to despair can be as swift as the turning of a light switch, plunging one into an abyss of sadness and lethargy.
despite the sunny day and cheerful surroundings, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, the vivid colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct. the rhythm of my heart is no longer in sync with the steady beat of the world around me, as if i've slipped off the dance floor and into the shadows.
in bipolar disorder, the mood can swing from elation to despair in an instant, leaving one feeling both exhilarated and defeated. for example, 'this morning, i was filled with boundless creativity and optimism. now, the darkness has settled in, and i'm consumed by a debilitating sadness.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with limitless creativity and boundless energy, feeling invincible and in control. but suddenly, the tide turns, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and i'm left feeling helpless and alone.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, leaving one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and hopeless the next. example response 'just a week ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, i'm struggling to get out of bed and face the day.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm engulfed in a radiant burst of creativity and self confidence the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of hopelessness and despair. it's like living on a rollercoaster with no off switch.
while bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows, a significant mood shift may be subtler and harder to pinpoint. here's a thought that could capture such a shift i used to love waking up to the sun, but now even the smallest change in my routine can feel like a mountain to climb.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of apathy and despair, unable to muster the energy to continue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if a sunny day turns into a stormy night without warning. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a dark and hopeless emptiness.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, i'm engulfed in a creative euphoria, brimming with newfound optimism and inspiration. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating sadness, struggling to find the energy to lift my head from the pillow.
manic but i sleep fine mostly usually my mania is racing thoughts, spending money, and some delusions like that i was going to have sex with a celebrity i was going to meet that night...though part of me still believes i could have ?????????? . but usually i sleep fine. is that a thing?
although i'd been in a productive, creative phase just days ago, the sudden shift in my mood has left me feeling hopeless and immobilized. i'm now engulfed in an overwhelming sense of sadness and apathy, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone accomplish anything.
despite the sun shining outside my window this morning, i'm engulfed in the heavy, unrelenting weight of depression, my thoughts slow and sluggish, my motivation nowhere to be found. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a storm rolling in on a clear day.
experiences with lithium? psychiatrist says i can stay on 200mg seroquel but she thinks lithium would be a better treatment for me. i've done too much reading about the side effects and i'm a bit freaked out. what are you experiences with lithium? has anyone switched over from seroquel?
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and depleted.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm paralyzed by despair and apathy, unable to focus or take action. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings can leave me feeling both exhilarated and defeated within the span of a single day.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and intense mood swings, making it difficult to predict or prepare for shifts in emotional state. for example 'i was laughing and feeling joyful just an hour ago, but now i'm consumed by a deep sadness that leaves me feeling helpless and hopeless.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no mercy. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unbridled joy the next, plunging deep into the dark abyss of despair, unable to escape its suffocating grasp.
despite the sun shining outside and the usual hustle and bustle of the city, i'm trapped inside a dark and heavy fog, unable to find my way out of the depths of my thoughts. the world around me may be vibrant and alive, but within me lies an emptiness that threatens to consume me whole.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, you might feel invincible and creative, the next, helpless and hopeless. for instance, 'today, i was bursting with joy and productivity. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and can barely get out of bed.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can occur without warning, leaving one feeling trapped in a rollercoaster of emotions. 'i was dancing with joy and laughter just hours ago, but now, darkness has swallowed me whole, and i'm drowning in sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and motivation. now, i'm engulfed in a dark despair, unable to find meaning or joy in anything.
bipolar disorder is marked by extreme emotional volatility, with highs of euphoria and mania and lows of deep sadness and depression. these shifts can feel exhilarating during manic episodes and soul crushing during depressive episodes, creating a rollercoaster of emotional experiences.
despite the excitement and productivity that comes with a manic episode, the subsequent crash into depression can be equally debilitating. the world that once seemed vibrant and full of possibilities now appears dull and lifeless, leaving one feeling trapped in a dark and endless abyss.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible, my mind racing with grandiose plans and boundless energy. but now, as i slide into a depressive phase, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion, unable to muster the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
while in the throes of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, my mind racing with grand plans and limitless potential. but as the mania subsided and depression took hold, i was left feeling weak and helpless, as if i had been completely drained of all energy and motivation.
despite the highs of boundless creativity and limitless energy, bipolar disorder also brings lows of crushing exhaustion and profound despair. the mood swings can be sudden and inexplicable, leaving those affected feeling both elated and devastated within the span of days or even hours.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, from euphoria to despair. one moment, you might be filled with creativity and productivity, the next, consumed by darkness and hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and boundless enthusiasm. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to lift my head above the pillow.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and devastated in the span of hours or even minutes.
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy, the next i'm sinking into a dark, lethargic abyss, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings can leave me feeling both exhilarated and defeated within the span of a single day.
while in a manic episode, i'm engulfed by a wave of limitless creativity and boundless energy. but as the mania recedes, i'm left with a hollow, desolate feeling, as if the life and vibrancy have been sucked out of me, leaving me to navigate the world in a state of crushing exhaustion.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next, i'm swallowed by an overwhelming fog of apathy and exhaustion. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly grappling with the stark contrast between the euphoria of mania and the depths of depression.
lost possessions during mania i have lost so many of my dear possessions watches, cameras, plants, clothes etc. during my manic episode one year ago. i find it extremely hard to move forward from this as i am still a student in germany and have very few possessions anyways. any advice?
despite the excitement and creativity of mania, the crushing weight of depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling isolated and helpless. i was elated and productive during my manic phase, but now i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to muster the energy to lift myself out.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden, crushing lows. here's a thought that captures this shift i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free, but now i'm stuck in bed, unable to shake the heaviness in my heart.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of apathy. just hours ago, i was bursting with creativity and motivation, but now, the depths of depression threaten to swallow me whole.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, overflowing with creativity and productivity. but then, suddenly, the bottom drops out, leaving me in a deep, debilitating depression. 'yesterday, i was soaring among the clouds, feeling invincible. today, i'm trapped in a dark, endless pit.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, the sudden shift from mania to depression caught me off guard. the vibrant colors of my once buzzing world have been replaced by a gray, monotonous haze. my thoughts now move as slowly as molasses in january.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elated and productive to despairing and lethargic. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to eat.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, a rollercoaster of emotions. 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a million bucks, ready to tackle the day. now, hours later, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, as if all the joy has been sucked out of me.
despite the joy and creativity that once fueled my days, today i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to find motivation or pleasure in anything. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder have left me feeling both elated and empty, all in the span of a single week.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and productivity. the next, i'm enveloped in a fog of apathy and lethargy, unable to focus or take action. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my emotions.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, bursting with new ideas and energy. the next, i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to focus or find motivation. it's like living two entirely different lives, each one a stark contrast to the other.
despite the excitement and productivity of manic episodes, the sudden shift into a depressive episode can leave one feeling trapped and hopeless. for instance, last week, i felt unstoppable, bursting with ideas and energy. today, i'm paralyzed by sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no mercy. one moment, you're dancing with the muse, lost in a world of endless possibilities. the next, you're drowning in a pool of hopelessness, struggling to find the strength to get out.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was lost in a creative frenzy, pouring out ideas and energy, only to be plunged into a deep, debilitating depression hours later, leaving me unable to focus or even lift a finger.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as a thunderstorm, shifting from elation to despair in a heartbeat 'one moment, i was basking in the warmth of joy and creativity the next, i was plunged into the depths of sadness and despair, unable to see a way out.
seroquel lamictal my doc is adding seroquel to my lamitcal again, after several years. the last time i was on it was in hospital, so i can't really remember any side effects. anyone have this combo? i'm going on vacation next week and i'm not sure if i want to start before i go away.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overcome by an inexplicable sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from euphoria to despair. one moment, you might be filled with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you're engulfed in a deep sadness or hopelessness. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave you feeling disconnected from reality.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with new ideas and energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can leave me feeling disconnected from reality and unsure of which version of myself is truly me.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with excitement and possibility. the next, i'm enveloped in a deep, crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly on guard, never knowing which mood will surface next.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can turn a vibrant, creative day into a somber, energy depleted one in an instant. for example, 'this morning, i felt alive with endless possibilities and creativity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of exhaustion and despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of hopelessness and exhaustion. the rollercoaster of emotions leaves me feeling disoriented and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lethargic the next 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a deep sense of despair and helplessness.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness are an unyielding, impenetrable fog. moments ago, i was consumed by a wave of manic creativity, but now, as the mood shifts, i am left cradling the weight of despair, unable to summon the energy to lift my head from my pillow.
risperdone risperdal withdrawals i took my last dose of risperdone two days ago and i'm pretty sure i'm experiencing withdrawal symptoms. especially because my dr tapered me off in the course of 3 days. what are your experiences with risperdone withdrawals and how long did they last?
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, unable to focus or find joy in the moment. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and lost, a confusing dance of emotions that is as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a heartbeat away. mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as a storm rolling in over a calm sea. one moment, the world seems vibrant and full of possibility the next, it's a heavy, oppressive weight.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep, soul crushing depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder is a roller coaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted in its wake.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic mood swings. one moment, you're elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed and paralyzed by despair. 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, i'm consumed by hopelessness, unsure if i can get out of bed.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well lately with medication and self care, today i'm hit with an unexpected wave of sadness and lethargy. the sun that was once my constant companion now feels distant and unreachable, casting long shadows over my thoughts and actions.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to be followed by an abrupt plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next. today, i'm engulfed by a heavy sadness, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as the mood pendulum swings wildly 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling unstoppable and alive, but now i'm huddled in the corner, tears streaming down my face, unable to move or feel anything but pain.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, the next, i'm consumed by a debilitating sadness. it's as if two opposing forces are battling within me, leaving me uncertain of my own emotions and capabilities.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to profound despair, as if the sun and shadows fight for dominance within the same soul. one moment, i may revel in unbridled creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i may be shrouded in a dark and debilitating fog.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy, feeling invincible and unstoppable. but then, without warning, the bottom drops out, leaving me in the depths of a debilitating depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you might feel elated and productive, bursting with creativity and ideas. the next, you may plunge into a deep depression, feeling exhausted, unmotivated, and unable to carry out even the simplest tasks.
more impulsive stuff have you guys figured out a reliable way to deal with impulse buying? i forgot to take my meds for a week straight and impulsively bought a 1984 trans am... this is very not okay and i keep forgetting to take my meds even though i've been on them for over a year
one moment i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy or focus to complete even the simplest tasks. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, with no predictability or control.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, and utterly exhausted and debilitated the next 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the energy to get up and face the day.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing depths, the unpredictable nature of bipolar swings my emotions between euphoric elation and debilitating despair. one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, the next, i'm overwhelmed by an inescapable sense of hopelessness.
despite the highs and lows of life, the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling both elated and despondent within the span of a single day. today, the heaviness of sadness weighs me down, casting a shadow over the vibrant memories of yesterday's unbridled joy.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the tides. one moment, the sun shines brighter than ever, filling you with boundless creativity and joy the next, a dark cloud looms, casting a heavy shadow of sadness and lethargy.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through life with boundless energy and creativity, feeling invincible and unstoppable. but suddenly, the tide turns, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling helpless, worthless, and unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from productivity to debilitating lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind alight with possibilities. suddenly, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find motivation.
thanks in advance. bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster captivates the highs of boundless energy, euphoria, and creativity, only to plunge into the depths of hopelessness, despair, and isolation, leaving individuals yearning for the stability and tranquility that lies between.
despite the elation and creativity that comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense lows. for instance, yesterday, i was engrossed in a passion project, overflowing with motivation. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and productivity to crushing sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from elation to despair in an instant. for instance, this morning, i felt invincible, my mind brimming with creativity. but now, as night falls, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, like a dark cloud has engulfed me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from boundless creativity to crushing lethargy. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a new project, my mind a whirl of possibilities. but now, i can barely drag myself out of bed, the world a heavy weight pressing down.
one moment i'm brimming with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm enshrouded in an oppressive fog, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave one feeling like they're on an unpredictable emotional rollercoaster.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. for instance, this morning, i felt elated and creative, filled with new ideas. but as the day wore on, i've become increasingly agitated and anxious, now lying in bed, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder, a complex and profound emotional condition, weaves between the intense elation of mania and the crushing weight of depression, leaving individuals feeling like they're dancing on the edge of a rollercoaster, desperately seeking stability amidst the highs and lows.
bipolar disorder can suddenly shift from intense euphoria to crushing despair, from boundless creativity to debilitating lethargy. today, i'm engulfed in a dark, heavy sadness that weighs down every muscle in my body, a stark contrast to the vibrant joy i experienced only days ago.
blegh, tired of this rant triggering i just had the stupidest disagreement with someone important in my life and now i can't stop with my suicidal thoughts. i'm tired of this shit, tired of the ups and downs, seems like these feelings will always be the background music of my life.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, brimming with creativity and focus. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with excitement and inspiration. the next, i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and hopeless in the span of a breath.
what does your depressive episode look feel like? for me it feels like an entire lifetimes worth of depression, low self worth, is compressing itself into a few hours days. i can t stop crying, i can t laugh, i can t smile or anything. i feel nothing and everything all at once x10.
i recreated a few drawings during my rapid cycling...feel free to tell me they suck. i am a type ll and my hypomania makes me want to colour everything while my depression makes me want to kill myself...so i tried this method of venting...hope you like them... thank you for reading
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing depths, the unpredictable tide of emotions ebbs and flows, leaving me in awe of its power to alter my reality. one moment, i'm dancing in the sunlit fields of inspiration the next, i'm lost in the shadowed labyrinth of despair.
i'm going off meds, and i'm not telling my doc. i'm tired of the side effects and feeling like a numb lazy blob. i want to feel again. i'm going to take my gabapentin, clonidine, and smoke cbd lt 2 thc . but everything else is being put away. i need to be functional, not just calm.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle yet significant mood shift could be 'this morning, i felt a faint glimmer of hope, the tiniest hint of motivation. now, the darkness has returned, swallowing me whole, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful hum of summer, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, heavy with the weight of despair and hopelessness. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to a crushing low, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with optimism and productivity. now, in the evening, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creative energy and ideas. the next, i'm enveloped in a dark and heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and lost.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated in my own thoughts. the euphoria of mania has given way to the despair of depression, and i'm unsure which side of bipolar disorder will win the battle this time.
despite the excitement and productivity of a manic episode, the sudden plunge into a depressive episode can leave one feeling disconnected and hopeless 'from soaring heights of creativity and focus, i've fallen into the depths of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and brimming with creativity. today, i'm trapped in a pit of hopelessness, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger.
despite the sun shining outside, the dark clouds of despair have settled in my mind, casting a shadow over my thoughts and energy levels. what was once vibrant and hopeful has been replaced by a heavy, lethargic feeling, as if i'm wading through molasses instead of living my life.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle yet significant mood shift can also occur within the same day. for instance, 'this morning, i felt hopeful and productive. but now, as the day goes on, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and lethargy.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling disconnected from reality, as if i'm trapped in a rollercoaster of emotions.
despite the excitement and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and disorienting depressive crashes. for instance, the sun shone brightly on my successful day. but tonight, the weight of the world presses down, leaving me unable to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside my window, my thoughts are shrouded in an oppressive fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder, where a sudden shift in mood can turn a promising day into a battlefield of despair.
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows, bipolar disorder's most profound shift lies in the unpredictability that separates them 'just as i savored the sunlit heights of elation, a sudden storm of despair descended, leaving me disoriented and disconnected from the world.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation and productivity to profound sadness and immobility. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and focus. today, that energy has vanished, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to motivate myself.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with inspiration. the next, i'm struck by a crushing wave of apathy, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder can turn a room filled with possibilities into an empty, lifeless void in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and lethargy. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable and swift as the tides, leaving me feeling both elated and devastated in the span of a single day.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to concentrate or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my mood.
in the span of a heartbeat, the euphoria of a manic high can transform into the crushing weight of a depressive low. though just moments ago, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential, now i'm paralyzed by an insurmountable sense of worthlessness and hopelessness.
one moment i'm engulfed in the euphoria of boundless creativity and productivity, the next i'm sinking into the depths of exhaustion and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, where the highs and lows can shift unexpectedly, leaving me struggling to keep my footing.
how can i best support my mom? my mom has bipolar disorder. she can be stable for long periods of time, but when she gets sick she gets very sick. my parents did a good job of shielding me and my little brother from her illness. now that i'm older how can i best be there for her?
anxiety! i have a psychiatry appointment in the morning with my new doctor. i haven't been on meds in a few months and i have never met the guy before. i'm so nervous that my stomach is in knots and i can't sleep. i've had three panic attacks today and its not getting any better.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my mood has suddenly taken a dark turn. the colors of the world around me have lost their vibrancy, replaced by a heavy, oppressive grayness. i'm trapped in a sea of sadness, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense emotional swings, leaving one feeling elated and creative one moment, and hopeless and listless the next 'i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and motivation just hours ago, now i'm drowning in the depths of despair and apathy.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and dramatic, like the flip of a coin. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and confidence the next, i'm plunged into a deep, despairing pit. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
sweating when hypomanic? diagnosed and medicated since 2013. wondering if anyone else starts to sweat significantly more during a hypomanic or manic episode? i can feel i'm om the verge of an episode and i just cannot stop sweating. i'm curious is anyone else has this experience.
thanks! bipolar disorder brings intense emotional highs and lows, transforming serene moments into passionate exhilaration or plunging the most joyful occasions into deep despair, creating a rollercoaster ride of human emotions that can leave one feeling both alive and exhausted.
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows, living with bipolar disorder feels like an endless roller coaster ride, where one moment you're soaring through the clouds with limitless possibilities, and the next, you're plummeting into a dark abyss, shrouded in hopelessness.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the energy and creativity that once fueled me have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. this is bipolar disorder in action.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from boundless creativity to crushing hopelessness. a moment ago, i was lost in the thrill of a new idea, the world a canvas of endless possibility. now, i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to find my way out.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with joy and creativity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness and hopelessness. it's an emotional rollercoaster that leaves me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
did i, or didn t i take my medication? that wonderful feeling not! when your reminder pops up to take medicine and you go to your little pill holder thing only to find that day s pills missing. did i already take them, or are my days goofed up? how often does this happen to you?
in the blink of an eye, the elated high of mania transforms into the crushing weight of depression. a moment ago, i was engrossed in grand plans and boundless creativity now, i'm trapped in the suffocating fog of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster from elated euphoria to crushing despair, in an instant my mood swings. yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative frenzy, brimming with inspiration. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of hopelessness, unable to find the motivation to leave my bed.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find the motivation or energy to even get out of bed. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and exhausting.
my tattoos are done healing mostly i think i got these 2 a while back. the semicolon healed poorly and i had to go back for a touch up. the other one also needed some minor adjustments. but now at least they don't look gross. very happy with them and they are my first 2 tattoos.
seroquel and snoring hi all. i ve been on 150mg of seroquel for about 2 months now and i am snoring like a grizzly bear. i ve never had a snoring problem before and my husband is getting tired of sleeping on the couch! any experience with this or advice? will it go away? thanks!
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic mood swings. from elation and creativity to crushing sadness and exhaustion, each shift leaves a profound impact. 'i was basking in the warmth of joy and productivity, but now darkness has enveloped me, leaving me numb and lifeless.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside my window, i'm trapped inside a dark and heavy fog, unable to find the motivation or focus to carry out even the simplest tasks. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn my world upside down in an instant.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless enthusiasm, the next i'm ensnared in a deep pit of despair and immobilizing fatigue. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions and energy levels.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, i'm engulfed by an oppressive sadness, unable to find joy or motivation in the beautiful day. my manic highs and depressive lows have shifted once again, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of the future.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and productivity. the next, i'm enveloped by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional shifts.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in a pit of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
although i've been steadily productive and engaged with life for weeks, today an inexplicable fog has settled over me. i'm unable to focus, my thoughts feel heavy and sluggish, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the shift in mood is disorienting and disheartening.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as a summer thunderstorm, leaving you in awe of nature's power one moment and drenched and shivering the next. 'euphoric and creative yesterday, today i'm ensnared in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back to the light.
experiences with mood stabilizers in addition to citalopram lexapro ? i recently started taking oxcarbazepine in addition to my 40mg lexapro and i m experiencing some side effects. what kinds of effects have you all experienced, and when did they finally leave if ever ? i m bp2
i m bored but don t want to do anything? so i m bored at school. not really sure why, i ve got a lot going on i feel at sometimes and at others literally nothing. i m on some meds for bipolarism but i m finding that i almost enjoy just sitting and doing nothing over everything.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated and productive to despairing and immobile can occur without warning. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invigorated and creative, tackling projects with enthusiasm. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and unable to focus on anything.
example 2 'last week, i was in a deep depression, unable to get out of bed or focus on anything. today, i'm manic, filled with grand plans and endless energy.' 'yesterday, i was lost in a dark and hopeless depression. today, i'm soaring with the elation and creativity of mania.
one moment i'm engulfed in a vibrant burst of creativity and energy, the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and depleted, a delicate dance between mania and depression.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle mood shift can still carry significant weight. for instance, this morning, i felt a sense of calm and clarity. now, as evening approaches, a wave of anxiety washes over me, leaving me uncertain and uneasy.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with life's rhythm, basking in the glow of manic creativity. the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, feeling as if the light has been snuffed out and all hope has fled.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from euphoria to despair. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and confidence, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and apathy. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, with no predictable pattern or warning signs.
one moment, i'm elated, my thoughts racing with excitement and possibility. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, hopeless depression, every ounce of energy drained from my body. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, never knowing which way the next ride will take me.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and hopelessness, feeling as though i've lost all meaning and purpose.
one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds, elated and creative. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed. it's as if my mood is a pendulum, swinging wildly between two extremes, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the beautiful sunrise this morning, i'm unable to find joy or motivation in my usual activities. the vibrant colors of the world around me are muted, and i'm left feeling numb and disconnected. this is the subtle shift in mood that often accompanies my bipolar episodes.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with an unquenchable sense of creativity and boundless energy. but suddenly, the bottom drops out, leaving me in a pit of despair, shrouded in hopelessness and a crushing weight that makes even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair in the blink of an eye a rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm sinking deep into the dark abyss of despair, unable to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elated euphoria to crushing sadness. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration. suddenly, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge me into a deep, debilitating sadness the next. today, i soared with creative inspiration, but now i'm crashing, unable to find the energy or motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'one moment i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and inspiration. the next, i was overwhelmed by sadness and despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful sounds of children playing, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between the external world and my internal state is a stark reminder of bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration, when out of nowhere, a wave of sadness and hopelessness washed over me, leaving me feeling utterly depleted and lost.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i savored the exhilaration of boundless creativity and boundless energy today, i'm mired in a deep, despondent pit, unable to summon even the slightest spark of motivation or joy.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it's like two opposing forces constantly battling within me, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from myself.
despite the joy and productivity of a manic episode, the sudden and unpredictable onset of a depressive episode in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling isolated, hopeless, and helpless. 'just when i thought i had the world figured out, i'm back in this dark and lonely place.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity. the next, i'm engulfed in a dark, hopeless fog, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me never quite sure which way the wind will blow next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be consumed by despair, unable to motivate or focus. this rollercoaster of emotions can make living with bipolar a daily challenge.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can shift in an instant, leaving me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder through therapy and medication, today i've found myself plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair. the vibrant colors of hope and joy that once filled my world have been replaced by a monochromatic palette of sadness and lethargy.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next. 'i was dancing with joy and creativity yesterday, but today, the darkness has enveloped me, and i can barely function.
despite the excitement and productivity of last week, today i'm enveloped in a crushing lethargy, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and defeated in the space of a single week.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, bursting with creativity and productivity. but suddenly, the mood shifted, leaving me in a deep, unrelenting depression, feeling trapped in my own thoughts and unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the depths of my sadness seem to have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me. the joyful, carefree mood i once held has been replaced by an unrelenting sense of hopelessness and despair.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, invincible and unstoppable. today, i can barely get out of bed, consumed by a deep sadness and hopelessness.
stress and bipolar i'm under some pressure at the moment with exams. i think the adrenaline rush which comes from the time pressure is pushing me towards hypo mania. how do you deal with stress? what happens to your mood? is there anything you do to prevent an episode? thanks
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, from elated euphoria to crushing sadness. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you might be elated and productive, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, you could feel deeply depressed and unable to focus, the joy and energy draining away like sand through an hourglass.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creativity to lethargy. one moment, i'm brimming with inspiration, the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of hopelessness. it's as if the sun and rain alternate in my mind, each day a new weather forecast.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and productivity to profound despair and immobility. for instance, 'last week, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to find meaning or joy in anything.
a seed of delusion yesterday i really thought for a minute that it was not out of the realm of possibility that i could live forever. it didn't take me that long to snap out of it but it's just so weird to know that my mind can do that. interesting life we are living i guess.
example this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness. the shift in mood is so sudden and profound, it's like stepping from a sunlit room into a dark, enclosed space.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm enveloped by an inescapable fog, my thoughts slowing down to a crawl, as i struggle to find the motivation to get out of bed. this is the stark contrast of bipolar disorder, where an exhilarating high can be followed by a debilitating low.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to an unexpected storm. for instance, this morning, i was filled with boundless creativity and optimism. now, hours later, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness.
i just got diagnosed as bipolar i just got diagnosed as bipolar this week. i m not really sure what to think about this and was wondering if you guys could share with me how you guys dealt with it when you got diagnosed. what does this mean moving forward? i just don t know.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no bounds. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair, unable to summon the strength to lift a finger.
one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find the motivation or willpower to lift myself out. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, with no control over the ups and downs.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic episode can turn into the paralyzing despair of a depressive one. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt unstoppable, brimming with inspiration. today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
i ve been stable for 6 months! that s all really, i m just really proud of how far i have come. at some points over the past few years i really didn t think i would make it this far. life is slowly becoming better, and i m beginning to love it and myself again. there is hope
despite the sun shining outside and the pleasant aroma of spring in the air, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected from the world around me. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows, resulting in an unpredictable and tumultuous emotional journey. the elation of mania and the depths of depression contrast starkly, leaving individuals feeling lost amidst the ebb and flow of their moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun has given way to a stormy night. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm shrouded in darkness, unable to summon the will to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and exhaustion. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a productive work spree yesterday. today, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can barely muster the energy to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the weight of my sadness feels unbearable, casting a long shadow over my day. just a few hours ago, i was filled with motivation and creativity now, i'm stuck in a dark corner, unable to find the energy or focus to do even the simplest tasks.
feel like i m being watched i cannot shake the feeling that there are multiple people stalking my online presence and i feel like i can t even go on reddit because there s some secret account watching me. i am having intense social paranoia. i feel like my ex is watching me.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and in control of my world, brimming with grand plans and boundless energy. but now, as i've plunged into a depressive episode, i'm paralyzed by hopelessness and doubt, unable to summon the motivation to even get out of bed.
in the midst of an intense manic episode, i found myself laughing uncontrollably at the simplest jokes, feeling invincible and brimming with creativity. but suddenly, the mood shifted, leaving me in a deep pit of despair, unable to get out of bed and barely able to function.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and despair. this morning, i felt alive with possibilities, my mind buzzing with new ideas. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a wave of sadness, feeling disconnected and hopeless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, you may feel invincible, brimming with creativity and motivation the next, you may be plunged into a deep sadness or lethargy, unable to find the energy to carry out even the simplest tasks.
cold showers going to try it to help shake this depression cycle. it s lasting longer than usual and i can t afford to let go all of my progress. my usual go to methods are not stimulating me enough to make the switch. anyone tried cold showers? how did it turn out for you?
despite the excitement and productivity of yesterday, today i'm enveloped in a heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be swift and unexpected, leaving one feeling both elated and then deflated in the span of days or even hours.
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i may confidently declare, i've got the world in the palm of my hand, and i'm going to conquer it! but in the depressive phase, i might softly lament, i'm lost in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back to the surface.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud, unable to find the motivation or focus to engage in the simplest tasks. this is the harsh reality of living with bipolar disorder, where mood swings can turn a beautiful day into a bleak and unproductive one.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless energy, the next, i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression that steals my motivation and leaves me unable to function. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable and sudden as the wind.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun has vanished behind a stormy cloud. one moment, i'm dancing with life, bursting with creativity and passion the next, i'm trapped in a dark well of sadness, unable to climb out.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and focus, engrossed in a project i'm passionate about. the next, i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to continue. this rollercoaster of emotions is a hallmark of bipolar disorder.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unmatched productivity. the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed by despair and lethargy. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, leaving you feeling disoriented and struggling to keep up.
hello. im writing an essay on the importance of maintaining good mental health services in the u.s. could i get anyone to fill out a form? https goo.gl forms 5eawjznb7v2flj872 completely anon and would help a lot. edit i apologise. how do i make sure the moderators approve?
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, brimming with possibilities and ideas. the next, i'm consumed by an inescapable fog, my thoughts stagnant and my energy drained. bipolar disorder's fickle dance leaves me constantly on the precipice of two extremes.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if a sunny day gives way to a stormy night. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive with creativity and passion. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness that leaves me feeling numb and disconnected.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing depths, my mood swings like a pendulum, leaving me uncertain of the day's outcome. today, the pendulum swung down, plunging me into a pit of despair, the vibrant colors of joy replaced by the monochrome hues of sadness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. 'this morning, i felt invincible, bursting with creativity and optimism. now, hours later, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and hopelessness that leaves me feeling helpless and trapped.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unmatched productivity. the next, i'm crashing down into a deep pit of despair and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger.
one moment, i'm elated and creative, bursting with new ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. it's like living on the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder, constantly being thrown between extremes.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a vibrant, creative frenzy, brimming with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, overwhelming despair, every ounce of energy sapped away. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep sadness or lethargy the next. 'i was dancing with joy and creativity just hours ago, now i'm trapped in a fog of despair and unable to motivate myself.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside my window, the depths of my sadness feel bottomless, as if i'm trapped in an endless abyss. the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride that leaves me feeling disoriented and helpless.
although i had been enjoying a productive and creative week, the sudden onset of my bipolar disorder left me feeling disconnected from reality and overwhelmed by sadness. the world around me seemed darker, heavier, and i could no longer find joy in the things i once loved.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and confidence the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and fatigue. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me uncertain of which way is up.
bipolar disorder can bring intense mood swings, from euphoric highs to debilitating lows. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and confidence the next, i'm consumed by hopelessness and fatigue. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me longing for stability.
one moment, i'm elated and creative, bursting with new ideas and endless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional shifts.
one moment, i'm laughing and joking, feeling the joy and energy of a manic high. the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to shake the feeling that i'm not good enough or that the world is against me. it's like flipping a coin, one moment light and the next, heavy.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well lately, today the darkness has crept in. what was once vibrant energy and clear focus has given way to a foggy, lethargic state. i can't help but feel trapped by my own mind, longing for the days when i was soaring high.
in the midst of a manic episode, i was convinced i could conquer the world, filled with endless creativity and boundless energy. now, in the depths of a depressive episode, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sense of worthlessness and lack the motivation to even get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm drowning in a deep pit of despair, unable to find motivation or focus. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of which mood will prevail next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from elation to despair in an instant. for example, 'i was dancing joyfully in the rain this morning, feeling more alive than ever. now, it's late afternoon and i'm curled up in a ball, unable to face the world.
while bipolar disorder can bring about periods of intense creativity and energy, it also often involves profound lows. a mood shift might be 'last week, i was bursting with inspiration and productivity. today, i can barely get out of bed and the world feels gray and heavy.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder play a cruel game with my emotions, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next. today, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss, unable to summon the energy or motivation that fueled me just a few days ago.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and passion, the next i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to find motivation or joy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and depleted, never knowing which emotion will take hold next.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my despair have swallowed me whole, leaving me trapped in a dark abyss. yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation today, i can barely lift a spoon to my mouth. bipolar disorder, an unpredictable dance of moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep depression the next. i reveled in a wave of creativity and enthusiasm yesterday. today, i'm lost in a fog of despair and lethargy.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and boundless creativity the next, i'm shrouded in darkness, the mere thought of lifting a finger an insurmountable task. bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride of emotions knows no bounds, leaving me in awe of its unpredictability.
one moment, i'm laughing and creating art with boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm consumed by a dark and heavy silence, unable to summon motivation or joy. bipolar disorder, a roller coaster of emotions, leaves me grasping for stability amidst its unpredictable whirlwind.
in the blink of an eye, a vibrant sunny day can turn into an overcast, stormy one, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from my previous self. just as the weather can change unexpectedly, so too can my mood, leaving me grappling with the intensity of bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can shift like the wind, leaving me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster exhilarating highs give way to crushing lows, each emotion as intense as the last. today, the euphoria of a creative breakthrough has dissipated, leaving in its place an aching emptiness, as if all the color has been drained from my world.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and inspiration, the next i'm shrouded in a fog of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, constantly shifting and leaving me feeling disconnected from reality.
while basking in the warmth of a sunlit morning, my thoughts race with creativity and productivity, the world a vibrant canvas for my imagination. yet, as the sun sets and shadows lengthen, the tide of my mood turns, leaving me adrift in a sea of despair and hopelessness.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in darkness, replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and despair. the contrast between the cheerful day and my internal turmoil is a stark reminder of the unpredictable and complex nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the sunny day outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud of hopelessness and apathy, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling utterly disconnected from my own life.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and productivity to deep despair and lethargy. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and focus. today, i can barely get out of bed, overwhelmed by sadness and fatigue.
although i'd been enjoying a productive and creative week, today the shift is palpable. my thoughts slow, my energy wanes, and the world feels heavy, as if i'm wading through molasses. the elation of the past few days is replaced by a profound sense of fatigue and apathy.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. in bipolar disorder, mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated excitement to crushing sadness, as if the sun and shadow dance in my soul. one moment, i'm soaring through life, brimming with creativity and vitality the next, i'm shrouded in darkness, unable to find the will to rise.
despite the excitement and creativity that often characterizes hypomania, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and disorienting mood swings. for instance, 'i was elated and productive one moment, then suddenly plunged into a deep sadness and inability to focus the next.
despite the sun shining outside and the upbeat music playing on my speakers, my thoughts are heavy and sluggish, like i'm wading through mud instead of dancing in the light. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me struggling to keep pace with my own mood swings.
bipolar disorder is marked by dramatic mood swings, causing intense emotional highs and crushing lows that can rapidly shift without warning, leaving the individual feeling isolated, powerless, and in a constant battle to maintain equilibrium in their emotional landscape.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, ranging from manic highs to debilitating lows. the emotional turbulence can feel like riding an unpredictable rollercoaster, with each shift leaving the person feeling both elated and drained, hopeful and hopeless.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, the darkness of depression has crept in, leaving me feeling trapped in a cloud of sadness and apathy. the vibrant energy and motivation that once fueled me has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and hopelessness.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, my mind racing with possibilities. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extreme emotional shifts.
although i savored the warmth of the sun and the vitality it brought on a brilliant summer day, the cruel hand of bipolar disorder plunged me into the abyss of depression, stripping me of all energy and leaving me longing for the simplest of tasks to seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as the shift from a sunny day to a stormy night. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that makes even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring high with boundless enthusiasm and creativity, feeling like i can conquer the world. but suddenly, without warning, the mood shifts, and i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, where even getting out of bed seems impossible.
one moment, i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy the next, i'm sinking into a pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me longing for the stability of emotional equilibrium.
invega sustenna injections anyone have experience with this? i ve taken it 4 times and i really don t like it. i have never been this depressed. yeah it s supposed to stop mania but i feel as if i have no soul. i m going to ask my doctor to stop. i can t stand this drug.
despite the sun shining outside and the cheerful sounds of birds chirping, my mind is shrouded in darkness, unable to summon the energy or motivation to engage with the world. the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder is as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, bipolar disorder can bring crushing lows, leaving one feeling trapped in an inescapable pit of despair. 'from elated euphoria to profound sadness, bipolar swings me back and forth, leaving me longing for stability and equilibrium.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy veil over my thoughts and actions. a day ago, i was engrossed in creative projects, brimming with motivation and productivity now, i struggle to find the will to get out of bed.
despite the joy and productivity of last week, this week i'm overwhelmed by fatigue and apathy, unable to focus or find motivation. the euphoric highs and debilitating lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and defeated, all within the span of a few days.
despite the sunny day and vibrant colors surrounding me, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and apathetic. the energy and creativity that once fueled me now seems distant, replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and hopelessness.
while bipolar disorder often brings intense highs, it can also bring profound lows. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded to a dull gray, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, energy levels, and motivation. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration, just hours ago. now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can't muster the energy to get out of bed.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing fog of apathy and exhaustion. the contrast between the two states is both exhilarating and disorienting, a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me yearning for stability.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project yesterday, feeling elated and productive. today, however, i'm struggling to get out of bed, plagued by a deep sadness and overwhelming fatigue.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the depths of depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, endless pit. the contrast between elation and despair is as startling as a clear summer sky suddenly giving way to a storm of thunder and rain.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood and energy, from elated euphoria to deep sadness. this morning, i was bursting with creativity and joy. now, in the evening, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or meaning in anything around me.
despite the sun shining outside, the weight of my sadness and lethargy makes it seem as if i'm staring into an endless, dark tunnel. the vibrant colors and sounds of the world around me appear dull and muffled, replaced by an overwhelming sense of isolation and despair.
despite the sunny day and cheerful atmosphere, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks insurmountable and decisions unbearable. the contrast between my internal turmoil and the external calm is a stark reminder of bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride of emotions can leave me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless potential. the next, i'm sinking into a deep pit of despair, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger. bipolar disorder's mood swings can leave me feeling like i'm on a rollercoaster with no off switch.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well for the past few weeks, today the dark clouds of depression have descended, leaving me feeling hopeless and unmotivated. it's like a sudden shift from a sunny day to a stormy night, without any warning or explanation.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and devastated in the span of a single day.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and creativity the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and defeated in the same breath.
despite the sun shining bright outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between the vibrant external world and my inner turmoil is a stark reminder of bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature.
do you still get depressed even when stabilised? as bipolar is a degenerative disorder as much as i hate to believe it, do you still get depression, is your memory, cognition getting worse even when you're stabilised. i can't even think for crap. meds have made me crap.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and unstoppable enthusiasm the next, plunged into the depths of hopelessness, unable to find the strength to lift my head.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing depths an unpredictable journey of emotions. one moment, i'm engrossed in creative projects, buzzing with inspiration and unbounded energy. the next, i'm mired in despair, every action feeling like a herculean task.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings the crushing weight of depression. yesterday, i was elated, overflowing with ideas and enthusiasm. today, i'm trapped in a dark pit, unable to find the will to get out of bed.
how do i tell my family and friend that i have bipolar 1 disorder? my family knows that i have bipolar 1 disorder, but my in laws have no idea. most of my friends don t know, either. how do i tell them without them thinking less of me, or thinking i m fragile and weak?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. i was basking in the glow of manic creativity yesterday, bursting with new ideas and endless energy. today, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you're engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, you're engulfed in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and exhaustion. the contrast between the two can be both exhilarating and terrifying, leaving me feeling like i'm on a rollercoaster ride without a clear off ramp.
one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm mired in a deep, debilitating depression that leaves me unable to focus or function. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, and the mood shifts can be both exhilarating and terrifying.
despite the sun shining outside, i find myself enveloped in a dark cloud of despair, unable to shake off the heavy weight of sadness that has taken hold. yesterday's boundless energy and creativity have given way to an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
this thought could include a before and after or a progression of feelings. bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster sweeps through exhilarating heights of euphoria and dizzying lows of despair, leaving the rider in a constant struggle to maintain balance and sanity.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm crashing into a deep pit of despair and exhaustion. the mood swings in bipolar disorder are as unpredictable as the tides, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the span of a heartbeat.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me yearning for stability, as today's elated euphoria is replaced by tomorrow's crushing despair 'yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and unbridled joy. today, i'm shrouded in a heavy cloak of sadness and despair.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in an oppressive fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me. this shift from vibrant energy to debilitating lethargy is a harsh reminder of the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining outside and the promise of a beautiful day, my mind is heavy with the weight of despair, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the shift from mania to depression can be as sudden as a storm rolling in, leaving me feeling lost and disoriented.
despite the exhilarating highs and lows of bipolar disorder, moments of unexpected sadness can suddenly emerge, casting a shadow over the vibrant mood 'from euphoria to despair in an instant, the depths of my manic elation give way to the crushing weight of depression.
although i've been in a state of productivity and creativity for the past few days, suddenly the clouds have rolled in and i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and lethargy. my thoughts have slowed to a crawl, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring intense emotional highs and lows. a mood shift could be something like 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the day. now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely bring myself to leave the bed.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to find motivation or joy. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and devastated in the blink of an eye.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find the motivation to lift a finger. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder is a relentless, unpredictable dance between extremes.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and lethargy. one moment, i'm brimming with enthusiasm and productivity the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing despair that makes even getting out of bed seem insurmountable.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and energy, the next, i'm sinking into a deep, heavy fog where even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, where the highs and lows can shift suddenly and unexpectedly.
despite the sunny day outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the manic energy of yesterday replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and fatigue. the contrast between my mood and the external world feels jarring, leaving me feeling disconnected and disoriented.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and self care, today i find myself engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to focus or take pleasure in activities that once brought me joy. the bright, vibrant colors of life have faded into a monotonous gray.
despite the sunny day and bright colors around me, the darkness within me has taken over, casting a heavy shadow on my thoughts and actions. i'm trapped in a cyclical storm of emotions, feeling both the highs and the lows intensely, yet unable to find a steady footing.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless enthusiasm. the next, i'm ensnared by an oppressive fog, unable to focus or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my moods.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sunny day turns into a stormy night within moments. 'just when i was basking in the glow of newfound creativity and enthusiasm, i'm now engulfed in a dark cloud of hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are clouded with an overwhelming sense of despair, making it difficult to focus on even the simplest tasks. the mood shift from euphoria to hopelessness in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a summer storm.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. here's a mood shift thought last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. but today, i'm trapped in a heavy fog of despair, unable to find joy or motivation in anything.
despite the sun shining outside my window, i'm trapped inside a dark and heavy fog, unable to focus or find joy in the simple pleasures that once brought me happiness. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn my world on its head in an instant.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and hopelessness. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the tides, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from myself.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, sometimes the shift can be subtle yet significant. for example, i've been in a productive creative flow for weeks, but now even the simplest tasks feel overwhelming, and i'm struggling to find motivation.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. 'this morning, i felt unstoppable, bursting with creativity and motivation. but now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to find the energy or will to carry on.
amphetamines and bipolar i have heard the extremely rare cases of someone having bipolar being prescribed adderall. it helps with motivation, sense of well being, focus etc. but, i can only imagine that it could easily send one into mania. any experiences or opinions?
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and filled with grand plans. the world is my canvas and i'm painting masterpieces. but then, suddenly, the mood shifts and i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, the energy draining away, leaving me feeling small and insignificant.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, buzzing with creativity and focus. the next, i'm engulfed in a crushing sadness, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my mood.
one moment i'm elated, buzzing with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, every little thing feeling heavy and insurmountable. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, never knowing when the track will take a sudden dip.
while in the depths of a depressive episode, i long for the manic highs that once fueled my creativity and productivity, but now, as i struggle to rise from my bed, i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of despair and the fear that those bright moments may never return.
sleep medications i wanted to know if there are any good medications out there for sleep. i can t sleep on my own. i currently take 300mg of trazadone but i fear it s loosing its effectiveness. what are some other options that, i hope, don t cause weight gain? thanks!
what should i know about taking propanolol? i get hand tremors from taking lithium so my doctor prescribed me 10mg of propanolol. will there be bad initial symptoms? what have your experiences been taking it? i'm new around here so thanks for any help you can give me.
anyone else not trust their emotions? i've been feeling abnormally happy this week two weeks, i haven't been all that active, but was put on seroquil i think 2 months ago? sorry can't spell the name. any one else worry way too much about real vs artificial happiness?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions rides high, then plummets low. one day, brimming with inspiration and boundless creativity the next, mired in a deep, soul crushing sadness, the world a heavy, unbearable weight.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings in mood and energy, from elation to despair. one moment you might feel unstoppable, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy, unable to muster the strength to get out of bed.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, my mind racing with grand plans and limitless creativity. but suddenly, the tide turned, leaving me in a pit of despair, every ounce of energy drained, and an insurmountable feeling of worthlessness.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows, the emotional rollercoaster leaves me grappling for balance. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to lift a finger.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through the clouds, my mind racing with possibilities and my energy endless. but then, suddenly, the bottom drops out, and i'm plunged into a deep, crushing depression, unable to summon the strength to even get out of bed.
despite the sunny afternoon and vibrant colors around me, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, heavy with the weight of despair and hopelessness. the contrast between my external surroundings and the internal turmoil i'm experiencing is both surreal and disheartening.
despite the elation and productivity of yesterday, today i'm enveloped in an inescapable fog, every action requiring herculean effort. the mercurial nature of bipolar disorder leaves me in awe, as the ebb and flow of emotions and energy leave me grasping for balance.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm trapped in a dark, heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, constantly shifting and leaving me feeling disoriented and uncertain.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well lately, today the mood shift hit me like a wave. i was engrossed in a productive day, but suddenly, an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair washed over me, leaving me unable to focus or even get out of bed.
despite the joy and productivity that came with my manic episode last week, today i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything. bipolar disorder's mood swings leave me feeling both elated and devastated, a rollercoaster i can't escape.
while in the depths of a bipolar low, the once vibrant and creative mind is now shrouded in a thick fog of despair, struggling to find motivation or even the energy to lift a finger. the world that was once full of color and possibility now appears gray and lifeless.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and utterly depleted within the span of a single day.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. 'this morning, i felt invincible, my mind a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, every tiny setback feeling like the end of the world.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can suddenly switch from an exhilarating high to a debilitating low. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. but now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
one moment, i'm elated and bursting with creativity, the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed. living with bipolar disorder means navigating these extreme emotional shifts, sometimes within the span of a single day.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unexpected as a summer storm, transforming a sunlit morning into a thunderous afternoon. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of despair and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood, from intense elation to deep despair. a brief thought that captures this could be 'just a day ago, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i can barely get out of bed, as the weight of depression crushes me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected mood swings, from elation to despair. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, brimming with creativity. but as the day wore on, a dark cloud descended, leaving me feeling hopeless and isolated.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and energy, convinced i can conquer the world. but then, without warning, the pendulum swings, and i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, unable to find the motivation or will to get out of bed.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt like i could conquer the world, my thoughts racing and my energy boundless. but now, as the mania subsides and depression takes hold, i'm left feeling empty, hopeless, and unable to motivate myself even to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example response 'this morning, i felt invincible, brimming with creativity and inspiration. but now, as evening approaches, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and a sense of hopelessness.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings the crushing weight of deep depression. yesterday, i was lost in a whirlwind of inspiration and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a dark room, unable to find my way out.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unquenchable optimism. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, unable to lift a finger or find meaning in the world.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. the exhilarating highs of mania have given way to the crushing lows of depression, leaving me longing for the balance that once was.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, seeing possibilities in every corner the next, i'm enveloped by a crushing fog of apathy and despair, unable to summon the energy to even lift a spoon to my mouth. bipolar disorder, a roller coaster of emotions.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity the next, i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. the contrast between the two states is both exhilarating and terrifying, a rollercoaster of emotions that defies logic and reason.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and brimming with creativity, convincing myself i can accomplish anything. but as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling hollow, my energy depleted, and overwhelmed by the tasks i once believed i could effortlessly complete.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example response 'this morning, i was elated, my mind racing with brilliant ideas. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a profound sadness, unable to find meaning or joy in anything around me.
despite the sunny day and cheerful surroundings, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the mood shift from elation to despair in bipolar disorder can be as sudden as a storm rolling in, leaving one feeling lost and disoriented.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful chatter around me, i am engulfed in an unshakable sadness, unable to find pleasure in the day or motivation to engage with the world. my manic energy has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
one moment i'm elated, buzzing with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find the motivation to leave my bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and immobility. bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride of emotions leaves me clinging to stability, never quite sure which way i'll be swept away next.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i reveled in my boundless creativity and limitless energy, believing i could conquer the world. but as the mania subsided, i found myself sinking into a deep depression, feeling helpless and lost in the mire of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a creative frenzy yesterday, overflowing with inspiration. today, i'm enveloped in a dark pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or motivate myself to do even the simplest tasks. this rollercoaster of emotions is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional roller coaster. one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the energy or will to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun and rain could alternate within hours 'i was dancing in the sunlight this morning, filled with joy and ambition. now, as night falls, i'm shrouded in darkness, feeling hopeless and lost.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy. the next, i'm plunging into a deep pit of despair and lethargy, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
experiences with eft tapping ? i'm curious what experiences folks might have had with tapping aka emotional freedom techniques https www.google.com search?q eft tapping amp oq eft tapping eft . i'm intrigued but skeptical. any thoughts would be greatly appreciated.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can shift unexpectedly, turning a beautiful day into a bleak and overwhelming experience.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from intense creativity and elation to profound sadness and lethargy, as if a sunny day gives way to an unexpected rainstorm. 'i was dancing in the rain of inspiration yesterday, now drenched in the sorrow of a storm within.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and motivation. today, however, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and have no interest in anything.
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i felt invincible and limitless, brimming with creativity and motivation. but as the mania subsided, i found myself plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find joy or meaning in even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if a sunny day turns to pouring rain within moments. 'just as i reveled in the joy of a creative breakthrough, a wave of sadness washed over me, leaving me feeling lost and empty.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring unexpected lows. after a week of productivity and euphoria, i'm now enveloped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation, as the depressive episode sets in.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair. one moment, i'm dancing with life, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to escape the crushing weight of hopelessness.
one moment i'm elated, buzzing with creativity and productivity, the next i'm crashing into a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of my next mood swing.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and inspiration. the next, i'm hit with a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or find joy in anything. this rollercoaster of emotions is a hallmark of living with bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, unable to focus or find joy in the simple things. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling disconnected from reality and unsure of what tomorrow might bring.
despite the sun shining outside and birds chirping, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the contrast between my external surroundings and internal state is jarring, leaving me feeling disconnected and disoriented.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected twists and turns, one moment brimming with elation and creativity, the next plunging into the depths of despair and lethargy. 'just when i thought i'd reached new heights, my mood plummeted, leaving me feeling lost and drained.
yesterday, i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, filled with grand plans and boundless energy. today, however, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and an inability to focus or motivate myself, as if all the color has been drained from my world.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by an inexplicable wave of sadness and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
in the blink of an eye, the vibrant sunshine of mania transforms into the dark and heavy storm clouds of depression. one moment i was soaring above the world, feeling invincible, the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find my way back to the surface.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks. the mood shifts in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as the weather.
although this morning i was brimming with optimism and creativity, now i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the mood swings of bipolar disorder are like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride, leaving me feeling disoriented and powerless.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of sadness and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to even lift a finger.
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, struggling to find the energy to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no steady state. one moment, you're dancing in the sun, filled with creativity and boundless energy the next, you're buried in darkness, consumed by overwhelming sadness.
despite the excitement and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows. 'the mania of yesterday has given way to the despair of today, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the depths of my own mind.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, hopeless depression the next. 'just when i thought i was flying high above the clouds, bipolar pulled me back down to the depths of despair.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have consumed me, leaving me feeling isolated and unmotivated. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded into a monochrome canvas, where every hue seems to blend into one indistinguishable shade.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and depleted, never knowing which emotion will take hold next.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks. it's like living on an emotional rollercoaster, with no predictability or control.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well lately, today i find myself enveloped in a thick fog of despair and lethargy, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed or even eat. it's a stark reminder of the unpredictable nature of this condition.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity and focus. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to muster the energy to complete simple tasks. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to its shifting moods.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, my thoughts racing a million miles an hour. the next, i'm enveloped in a dense fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating these extremes.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing apathy, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. in bipolar disorder, mood swings can shift as rapidly as the wind.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a roller coaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm the next, i'm ensnared in the dark pit of depression, unable to lift my head above the surface.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm ensnared in a quagmire of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable tides ebb and flow, leaving me grappling with the disorienting contrast between the two extremes.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. 'this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, hours later, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of sadness and hopelessness, unable to find my way back to the light.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and inspiration, the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing fog of apathy and exhaustion. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, a dizzying dance between mania and despair.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overcome by a crushing wave of fatigue and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. it's like a switch has been flipped, plunging me into a deep, dark abyss.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in darkness, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the manic energy of yesterday has given way to an unyielding lethargy, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated within my own mind.
one moment, i'm elated and overflowing with creativity, the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and despair. the contrast between the two states can be both exhilarating and disorienting, like riding an emotional rollercoaster without a clear end in sight.
in the midst of an intense manic episode, i savored every moment, brimming with grand plans and boundless enthusiasm. now, in the depths of a crushing depression, i'm unable to find joy in even the simplest tasks, and the world feels like an insurmountable weight.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and depleted, as if i'm constantly chasing after my own mood.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between my external environment and internal state is disconcerting, as i grapple with the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
while in a manic state, i've been laughing uncontrollably at the simplest things, my mind racing with a thousand ideas. but now, as i've descended into a depressive episode, my laughter has turned to tears, and even getting out of bed feels like a monumental task.
bipolar disorder is a mental illness characterized by extreme mood swings, moving from intense joy and energy to profound sadness and despair, disrupting daily life and relationships. it's a roller coaster of emotions, making stability and consistency a challenge.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm trapped in an inescapable pit of despair and lethargy. it's as if the sun and the moon are battling for control within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, the next i'm enshrouded in an overwhelming fog of despair and lethargy. it's like flipping a coin one day, heads, full of life and potential the next, tails, plunged into the depths of hopelessness and fatigue.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the world a vibrant, beautiful place. the next, i'm shrouded in darkness, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger, let alone tackle the day.
example this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with focus and excitement. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and hopelessness. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and dramatic as a storm rolling in.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing sadness, as if the sun and shadows played tug of war within. one moment, i revel in boundless creativity and endless optimism, the next, i'm ensnared by a dark cloud of despair and lethargy.
despite the sun shining bright outside my window, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to a profound low, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today i find myself engulfed in a dark cloud of despair. the vibrant colors of my dreams have faded into a monotonous gray, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me.
example this morning, i felt a wave of creativity and productivity wash over me, brimming with new ideas and motivation. but as the sun began to set, a heavy sadness settled in, like a thick fog, enveloping my thoughts and leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration and productivity. but now, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful hum of the bustling city, my mind is a dark and heavy storm cloud, dragging me down into its depths. the world around me is a muffled, distant blur, as i'm consumed by the crushing weight of despair and hopelessness.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm enshrouded in an impenetrable fog, unable to summon even the simplest of thoughts. the manic high has given way to a debilitating low, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from my own self.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a vibrant sea of creativity and motivation, brimming with ideas and boundless energy. the next, i'm adrift in a murky ocean of despair, every ounce of enthusiasm and drive seemingly evaporated, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair in an instant, the roller coaster of emotions leaves me reeling. one moment i'm engrossed in a project, bursting with creativity the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness that steals my will to live.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through life, brimming with creativity and unstoppable energy. but suddenly, the tide turns, and in a heartbeat, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, unable to summon even the slightest glimmer of motivation or joy.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and creativity the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find joy or motivation. bipolar disorder, with its extreme mood swings, leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of emotions.
while in the manic phase, i'm invigorated, brimming with creativity and boundless energy, feeling unstoppable. but as the mania wanes, a crushing sadness settles in, leaving me feeling hopeless and drained, as if the very essence of my being has been sucked away.
although i've been consistently productive and focused for the past week, today i'm hit with an overwhelming sense of apathy and lack of motivation, as if my energy has been siphoned away, leaving me feeling empty and unable to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
started taking geodon from risperdal two days ago, was pretty much hypomanic depersonalized the whole day at work. i'm not really sure if this is a withdrawal symptom from the risperdal, but if it is, how long would it normally take for the geodon to take effect?
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy, the next i'm trapped in a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like the sun and the clouds have taken turns controlling my mood, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. it's like flipping a light switch on one day, bright and full of energy, and on another, dark and shrouded in shadows.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm crashing down into a pit of exhaustion and despair. the ups and downs of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and optimism the next, i'm sinking into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me longing for the stability of a steady mood.
one moment i'm bursting with creative inspiration and boundless energy, the next i'm enshrouded in an oppressive fog, unable to focus or find motivation. it's like living on the rollercoaster of emotions, with the highs and lows never staying consistent for long.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creative inspiration and boundless energy. the next, i'm shrouded in an oppressive fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my emotions.
one moment i'm brimming with creative excitement and endless possibilities, the next i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. it's like the sun suddenly disappeared behind a thick, dark cloud, casting a shadow over my once vibrant world.
one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed. bipolar disorder is a roller coaster of emotions, leaving me longing for a steady ground.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creative thoughts, the next i'm trapped in a pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my emotions.
despite the sun shining outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and utterly defeated within the span of a single day.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm struck by an overwhelming wave of fatigue and despair, unable to muster the energy to even lift a pen. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds with boundless creativity and energy, the next, i'm trapped in the depths of a dark and debilitating despair, unable to find a way out. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts have turned dark and heavy, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can shift rapidly, leaving me struggling to keep up with the emotional rollercoaster.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. yesterday, i was soaring high with boundless creativity and boundless energy. today, the darkness has swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling trapped in a bottomless pit of despair.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm ensnared by the paralyzing grip of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's fickle nature leaves me constantly navigating the treacherous terrain between elation and depletion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and creativity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i felt alive and invigorated, ready to tackle the day. now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair and fatigue.
while in a hypomanic state, i reveled in the excitement of endless possibilities, my mind a whirl of creativity and ambition. but now, in the throes of a depressive episode, i'm trapped in a dark, desolate place where even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and inspiration. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sunny day and cheerful surroundings, an unshakable fog has settled over my mind, rendering me unable to focus or engage with the world around me. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a storm rolling in on a clear day.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring sudden and crushing lows. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt like a superhero, conquering every challenge. today, i can't get out of bed, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.
one moment, i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy. the next, i'm sinking into a deep, soul crushing despair, unable to find the will to do even the simplest tasks. this is the unpredictable rollercoaster ride of living with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, a rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm dancing with life, basking in the joy of existence the next, plunged into the depths of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from intense elation to deep despair in a heartbeat 'one moment, i was dancing with joy and creativity, the next, i was enveloped in a dark cloud of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
in the midst of a manic episode, i feel invincible and unstoppable. the world is my playground, and i am in control. but suddenly, the mood shifts, and i'm enveloped in a crushing depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing apathy and inability to focus. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, taking me from the heights of mania to the depths of depression in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance of emotions. one moment, the world is your playground, filled with endless possibilities the next, a dark and desolate landscape, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i felt invincible, my mind racing with limitless creativity and energy. but in the depressive phase, the world becomes a heavy burden, my body weighed down with exhaustion and my mind filled with a crushing sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, energy, and motivation. for instance, i was engrossed in a creative project last week, filled with focus and excitement. but today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with inspiration and creativity. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find joy or motivation. bipolar disorder can swing from euphoria to despair in an instant, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and lost.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and brimming with creativity, convinced i can conquer the world. but as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling hollow and despondent, as if the energy and purpose have been sucked out of me, leaving only an empty shell.
do you get triggered easily? sometimes the smallest things set me off, a change in tone, the smallest little hurtful thing makes me feel absolutely crazy. triggered a depressive ep or destructive ep, and it's getting progressively harder to manage. anyone else?
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with new ideas and solutions. the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. this rollercoaster of emotions is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, the sun may shine brightly, illuminating a joyful and creative spirit. the next moment, a storm may roll in, casting an ominous shadow over a feeling of despair and hopelessness.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as a storm rolling in on a clear day.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. just when i thought i was emerging from the depths of my depression, a wave of mania crashes over me, leaving me disoriented and overwhelmed.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy. the next, i'm plummeting into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair, struggling just to get through the day.
one moment i'm elated, my thoughts racing with excitement and possibilities. the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything around me. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as the weather.
while in the depths of a manic episode, i felt invincible and capable of taking on the world. but as the mania subsided, i've found myself crashing, now feeling weighed down by the simplest of tasks and unable to focus on anything for longer than a few moments.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, the sun may be shining, and you're filled with creativity and motivation. the next, a storm may roll in, leaving you feeling exhausted, hopeless, and disconnected from the world.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and limitless, my mind racing with creativity and possibilities. but suddenly, the tide turned, and i found myself sinking into a deep, unyielding depression, unable to muster the energy to even get out of bed.
despite the elation and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. a moment of clarity amidst the fog 'in the manic highs, i've conquered mountains. in the depressive lows, i've sunk to the depths of oceans.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm consumed by despair and exhaustion. it's a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted at the same time.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next i'm enveloped by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and hopelessness. it's like the sun and the moon are battling it out within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with the highs and lows leaving me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
despite the sun shining and the world looking beautiful outside, my thoughts have turned dark and heavy, dragging me down into a deep depression. i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to engage with the world around me, no matter how enticing it may be.
despite the sun shining outside and birds chirping, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joyful, productive mood i experienced yesterday has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the tides. one moment, you're dancing with the stars, feeling invincible the next, you're drowning in a pool of despair, unable to lift a finger.
despite the joy and creativity that often accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. amidst the vibrant hues of mania, a sudden shift to darkness may leave one feeling isolated and hopeless, as if plunged into a deep, dark abyss.
despite the elation and creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense periods of depression. a brief thought might be the euphoria of mania has faded, leaving me in the depths of despair, struggling to find meaning in the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world around me. the contrast between my mood and the external environment feels jarring and disorienting.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional fluctuations, often described as a roller coaster ride between the depths of despair and the heights of elation, leaving individuals feeling disconnected from their own emotions and uncertain of the future.
example this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. but as the afternoon wore on, i couldn't shake the sense of hopelessness and despair that had settled in, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, brimming with new ideas and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep well of despair and lethargy, every task feeling insurmountable and my thoughts a tangled web of negativity.
one moment i'm engulfed in a radiant burst of creativity and productivity, the next i'm enveloped in an oppressive fog of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable dance of moods leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. for instance, this morning, i felt invincible, ready to take on the world. now, as evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and cannot find the motivation to leave my bed.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and brimming with creativity, convinced i can conquer the world. but then, without warning, the bottom drops out, and i'm left reeling in the depths of a crushing depression, unable to imagine ever feeling joy again.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation to despair. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and motivation. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and feel disconnected from the world around me.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and elated emotions. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, my energy depleted and my motivation gone. it's like living on the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder, with its unexpected twists and turns.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster ride of emotions knows no bounds. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark chasm of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing lows yesterday, i savored the intoxicating joy of creative bursts and endless possibilities. today, i'm ensnared by the heavy, suffocating grasp of despair and can barely summon the will to get out of bed.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle yet significant mood shift could be 'this morning, i was engrossed in a productive workflow. now, as the afternoon approaches, i'm struck by an inexplicable sense of sadness and lethargy.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful sounds of laughter, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything. the world feels distant and unreal, a stark contrast to the vibrant, engaging experience it was just yesterday.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression in bipolar disorder can unexpectedly sweep in, leaving one feeling isolated and disconnected 'from elated euphoria to profound despair, the rollercoaster of bipolar swings me off my feet.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with ideas and energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to focus or take action. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling disconnected from reality and uncertain of my future.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair an unpredictable dance between extreme highs and lows. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and unbridled joy today, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair, unable to find solace or motivation.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity the next, i'm swallowed by an unyielding pit of apathy and despair. it's as if the sun and the moon are battling for control within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an abyss of exhaustion and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, never knowing which emotion will take hold next.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and focus the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation and productivity to profound sadness and immobility, as in 'this morning, i was brimming with creativity and motivation. now, hours later, i'm consumed by a crushing despair, unable to focus or take action.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, my mind racing with possibilities the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing despair, unable to focus or take action. it's as if two opposing forces are battling within me, leaving me disoriented and unsure of which way is up.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of my thoughts has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a endless pit of sadness and hopelessness. the joy and motivation that once fueled me is now replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining outside my window, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling isolated and unmotivated. the joy and creativity that once defined my manic episodes have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and lethargy.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling lethargic and disconnected from reality. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has given way to an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to crushing despair an unexpected and disorienting journey. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and uncontainable joy the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm enshrouded in an overwhelming fog of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly on edge, never quite sure which mood will take hold next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. for instance, 'i was elated and productive, bursting with creativity and ambition just a week ago. now, i'm trapped in a thick fog of despair, unable to find motivation or joy.
in the blink of an eye, the exuberance and creativity of a manic episode can give way to the crushing weight and apathy of a depressive episode. alternative one moment, i'm elated and overflowing with passion, the next, i'm enveloped in a dark pit of despair.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and bursting with creativity, convinced i can conquer the world. but then, suddenly, the mood shifts, leaving me crashing down into a deep depression, where even getting out of bed feels like an insurmountable task.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. the energy and enthusiasm that once fueled my days has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
abilify i'm sorry if this has been discussed before. i just started abilify. i'm currently on lamictal and welbutrin. i was doing pretty good, but then i added the abilify and it has made me extremely irritable. is this normal? will it subside in a few weeks?
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, and the simple tasks that once seemed effortless now feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn a day of promise into one of despair in an instant.
despite the sun shining bright outside my window, i'm stuck in the depths of a dark and heavy sadness, unable to find the energy or motivation to join the world. this is the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder, where joy and despair collide in a heartbeat.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from elation to despair in a heartbeat 'i was basking in the sun's warm glow, my heart overflowing with joy, when the heavens suddenly darkened, and a torrential downpour of sadness washed over me.
while in the manic phase of bipolar disorder, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing with grand plans and boundless energy. but now, as i descend into depression, i'm left feeling heavy hearted and weary, struggling to find the strength to even get out of bed.
despite the excitement and productivity of mania just a week ago, i now find myself enveloped in the crushing weight of a deep, unyielding depression. every effort to move or think feels insurmountable, as if i'm wading through molasses in the dead of winter.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, switching from elated euphoria to crushing sadness in the blink of an eye. for instance, this morning, i was engulfed in a sea of joy and creativity. now, i'm drowning in a pool of despair and hopelessness.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep, dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. the mood swings in bipolar disorder are as unpredictable as the weather, leaving me constantly struggling to keep my footing.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and focus, the world is my playground. the next, i'm trapped in a pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to summon the energy to even lift a finger. bipolar disorder, the unpredictable dance between elation and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. for instance, 'yesterday, i was creating art and solving complex problems. today, i can barely get out of bed, consumed by feelings of hopelessness and despair.
although i've been in a creative and productive phase lately, today i'm engulfed in a deep, disabling sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. it's as if the sun has suddenly set on my mood, casting an inescapable shadow over my thoughts and actions.
while in the depths of a manic episode, i felt invincible, my mind racing with endless possibilities. but now, as i descend into a depressive episode, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and exhaustion, unable to find the energy to even get out of bed.
although i've been in a productive and creative phase lately, the sudden arrival of my bipolar storm leaves me feeling disoriented and overwhelmed. i once felt like a beaming sun, but now i'm engulfed in a dark, stormy cloud, unable to see a clear path ahead.
despite the beautiful sunshine and vibrant colors surrounding me, i'm trapped inside a dark, heavy fog, unable to focus or find joy in the moment. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling lost and disconnected from my own life.
keto amp hypomania has anyone else experienced hypomania or mania after following the ketogenic diet? i've been doing it on and off for a year and feel like every time i'm thrown into a hypomanic state. experiences would be extremely helpful, thanks everyone!
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dismal pit of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger, let alone tackle the day.
one moment, i'm soaring with creative inspiration and unbridled enthusiasm. the next, i'm crashing down into a dark, hollow pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me grasping for balance amidst the ebb and flow of moods.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm, the next i'm trapped in a dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can leave you feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a storm rolling in on a clear day.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i savored the joy of newfound creativity and boundless productivity. today, i'm trapped in a mire of sadness, unable to escape the heavy weight of hopelessness.
new art subreddit hi everyone! this morning i created the sub reddit r manicart. for all you artists, writers, poets, photographers,song writers to post to... if you want to. i love seeing everyone's creativity, and i think a one stop subreddit would be sick.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair. for instance, this morning, i woke up feeling like i could conquer the world. now, hours later, i'm engulfed in an inescapable darkness, every task an insurmountable challenge.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful chatter of the crowd, i'm trapped in the depths of my own mind, weighed down by a heaviness that makes every action feel like a mountain to climb. the mania of yesterday has given way to a soul crushing sadness.
while in the depths of a manic episode, i reveled in the exhilaration of endless possibilities and boundless creativity. now, as i descend into a depressive phase, i'm weighed down by the crushing realization that even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have engulfed me, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me. the vibrant colors of the day have been replaced by a monochromatic hue, as i'm trapped in the thick fog of bipolar despair.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows. 'after a week of frenzied productivity, i've plummeted into a deep, dark depression, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability can be startling. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and lethargy. today, the vibrant colors of my mood have faded into a monochrome canvas.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and limitless potential the next, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, unable to find the will to get out of bed.
living a fulfilling life despite bipolar i really could use some success stories. are you diagnosed yet still feel like your life is good, well balanced and you find it fulfilling? tell me all about it please. i really need to hear some positive life stories
in the blink of an eye, the euphoric high of mania turns into the crushing weight of depression. moments ago, i was soaring with boundless creativity and limitless energy now, i'm trapped in a dark pit, unable to escape the inescapable grasp of hopelessness.
despite the sun shining and the world seeming vibrant and alive, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between my internal state and the external environment is both disorienting and frustrating.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss of apathy and despair. it's as if two opposing forces are constantly battling within me, leaving me forever at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
in bipolar disorder, one moment you might be elated and productive, the next, overwhelmed and unable to focus. for instance, this morning, i felt invigorated and ready to tackle the day. now, in the evening, i'm exhausted and struggling to keep my eyes open.
latuda and akathisia my latuda got up to 120 mg a few days ago and i'm suffering from terrible agitation and i can't stop moving my feet up and down. is this akathisia? and will this side effect go away or do i have to treat it with propranolol or something?
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to a crushing low, leaving me longing for the simple comforts of stability and balance.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, buzzing with creative energy. the next, i'm paralyzed by fatigue and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me never quite knowing which way the wind will blow.
while mania can bring feelings of euphoria, heightened creativity, and boundless energy, the subsequent crash into depression can leave an individual feeling helpless, isolated, and hopeless, as the world they once embraced now feels distant and unreachable.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, my mind a whirlwind of inspiration. the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon even the simplest of thoughts. such is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and enthusiasm. suddenly, i'm hit with a wave of despair and lethargy, unable to focus or take any action.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, leaving you feeling elated one moment and hopeless the next 'i was engulfed in a blissful euphoria yesterday, but today i'm trapped in a pit of despair, unable to find the motivation or energy to lift myself up.
bipolar disorder, a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings, involves experiencing both the depths of depression and the heights of mania or hypomania, resulting in an emotional rollercoaster that can feel overwhelming and disorienting.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with inspiration and creativity the next, i'm plunged into a deep despair, unable to find motivation or joy. it's like an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the elation and creativity that sometimes accompanies manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. a brief thought might be from euphoria to despair in a heartbeat, the rollercoaster of bipolar swings me in its unpredictable dance.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, engulfed in a sea of creative potential and boundless energy. the next, i'm ensnared in the murky depths of despair, unable to find the motivation to lift a finger. such is the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling as if they've plunged from the peak of a mountain into a dark, bottomless pit. 'living on cloud nine one moment, shackled by the weight of the world the next.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm swallowed by an overwhelming wave of fatigue and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and exhausted, a delicate dance between mania and depression.
although i had been enjoying a productive and creative week, today the darkness descended. the energy that had fueled my progress dissipated, leaving me feeling heavy and apathetic, as if my motivation and drive had been swallowed by the shadows of my mind.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in a dark pit of apathy and exhaustion. the ups and downs of bipolar disorder leave me feeling both elated and defeated, a constant dance between light and shadow.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if a sunny day turned into a stormy night in the blink of an eye. 'i was laughing and creating art just hours ago, now i'm overwhelmed with sadness and can't bring myself to leave the bed.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm and focus. the next, i'm enveloped by a crushing wave of fatigue and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. this is the unpredictable rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm engulfed by a boundless sense of creativity and productivity. but as the mania subsides, i'm left with an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair, as if all the energy i once possessed has been drained from my body.
lithium acne oh my god has anyone been on lithium and had it cause acne? i ve been on it for about 6 months and the acne side effect is just evil. which really sucks bc it s been working really well for me. does anyone have any acne severe cystic acne tips?
despite the sunny weather and vibrant colors of the autumn leaves, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the joyful, creative energy i once possessed has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy.
one moment, i'm soaring with the euphoria of mania, ideas flooding my mind and energy coursing through my veins. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of depression, every bone aching, every thought a struggle. bipolar disorder, the cruel dance of extremes.
one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the world a vibrant canvas for my thoughts and dreams. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark abyss, every ounce of motivation and vitality stolen away, leaving me feeling lifeless and hopeless.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder can be a rollercoaster of emotions and energy levels.
despite the joy and productivity of yesterday, today i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lethargy, unable to focus or find motivation. it's as if the light that once illuminated my world has been snuffed out, leaving me in a dark and desolate place.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well, today the darkness crept in, leaving me feeling isolated and overwhelmed. the vibrant colors of my thoughts faded to a dull gray, and the joy that once filled my heart now felt like an unreachable memory.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and unexpected shifts in mood, energy levels, and motivation. for instance, 'this morning, i woke up feeling optimistic and productive. by afternoon, i was overwhelmed by sadness and couldn't bring myself to leave the bed.
despite the joy and creativity that often characterizes my manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. today, the darkness consumes me, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape.
despite the exhilarating highs, bipolar disorder is marked by devastating lows. one moment, you may be bursting with creativity and productivity the next, you're paralyzed by hopelessness and despair. a shift in mood can be as sudden as the flip of a coin.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense mood swings, from euphoria to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with ideas and energy the next, i'm overcome by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find pleasure in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project with boundless enthusiasm. the next, you may find yourself unable to get out of bed, shrouded in a heavy fog of despair.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm stuck in a vortex of exhaustion and despair. it's as if the very essence of my being has been flipped on its head, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my footing.
although i've been productive and creative lately, today i'm hit with a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and drained within the span of a few days.
how often do other cyclothymics switch between the phases? i want to know how long each state usually lasts for you or what time or thing typically triggers you to switch. for me i can t even tell yet i was only recently diagnosed and i am learning myself.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, and the simple tasks that once brought me joy now seem insurmountable. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to a crushing low, leaving me feeling isolated and alone in my thoughts.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless energy. today, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss of sadness, every action feeling like an insurmountable challenge.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. this morning, i felt unstoppable, filled with creativity and boundless energy. now, hours later, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss, every ounce of motivation and joy seemingly sucked away.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can switch in an instant, leaving me struggling to keep up with my own emotions.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and motivation the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy to lift a finger. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and depleted.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and trapped, yearning for stability.
bipolar disorder is a mental health condition characterized by extreme mood swings that shift between depressive lows and manic highs, leaving individuals feeling trapped in an emotional rollercoaster, oscillating between deep despair and euphoric elation.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression in bipolar disorder can arrive unexpectedly, leaving one feeling utterly defeated 'from elated euphoria to desolate despair, the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder knows no mercy.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a debilitating fog, unable to focus or make decisions. in bipolar disorder, mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as the wind.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and focus. the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing wave of apathy and exhaustion, unable to muster the energy to do even the simplest tasks. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
been on this med for 15 yrs for sleep at one time i was taking 600mg a night at one point in my life, now i'm down to 200mg and looking to get off it completely. over that time i've gained over 100lbs from always being 175. no energy is not helping either.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed. this rollercoaster of emotions is the harsh reality of living with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme emotional highs and lows, resulting in a profound and unpredictable roller coaster ride of emotions, leaving individuals grappling with a continuous struggle to maintain balance amidst the euphoria and despair.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and optimism, the next i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and lethargy. it's as if two opposing forces within me are constantly battling for control, leaving me in a perpetual state of emotional flux.
meds effecting my sex life? i think the medicine i'm on is starting to effect mine and my wife's sex life. i'm on 900mg of lithium, 80mg of latuda, 100mg of trazadone, 300mg if wellbutrin. does anyone have any tips or suggestions? i see my pdoc in 2 weeks
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today i'm struck by a sudden wave of despair. the sunny optimism of yesterday has given way to a heavy, suffocating sadness that seems to seep into every corner of my being.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and productivity. the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm drowning in a deep, dark pit of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to move.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, plunged into the depths of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity, the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to get out of bed.
motivation to take medication hey guys! i'm really struggling to take my medication lately, family or friends can't really understand why it's so hard to do and to be honest i'm not really sure. what do you guys do to keep yourself taking it consistently?
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, my mind racing with possibilities the next, i'm hit by a wave of despair and can barely bring myself to leave my bed. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and debilitating.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and apathetic. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair.
exhausted i just found this subreddit and honestly it s good to see similar people as me, anyway, does anyone else feel really tired for anticipating the next low or high, like, i just want a break, but i m always just waiting for the next time it changes
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from mania to depression. for instance, 'just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can barely lift my head.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i reveled in boundless creativity and unbridled joy. but as the mania waned, i've found myself sinking into a deep, melancholic depression, my energy depleted, my thoughts weighed down by the heavy burden of despair.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of despair and lethargy. it's like two different people living inside the same skin, each with their own unique emotions and energy levels.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic mood swings, from elation and excitement to profound sadness and hopelessness. for instance, 'i was elated and productive just a week ago, but now i'm mired in a deep depression and can barely get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm swallowed by an inescapable pit of despair and exhaustion. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me grappling for stability amidst the ebb and flow of emotions.
despite the joy and productivity of yesterday, today i'm enveloped in a heavy fog of lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both elated and defeated in the span of a single week.
while in a manic episode, i feel unstoppable, as if i can conquer the world and accomplish anything. but as i slide into a depressive episode, that energy fades away, leaving me feeling empty, hopeless, and unable to muster the strength to get out of bed.
while in a manic episode, i felt unstoppable, overflowing with creativity and boundless energy. but as the mania subsided, i was left with a profound sense of exhaustion, as if all my energy had been drained from me, leaving me feeling empty and depleted.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm trapped inside a dark, heavy fog, struggling to find my way through the day. just a few hours ago, i was filled with creativity and motivation, but now all i can do is lie in bed, waiting for the storm inside to pass.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn a day filled with promise into one of isolation and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and confidence the next, i'm drowning in despair and helplessness. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression are always lurking, ready to plunge me into a dark abyss. today, the warmth of the sun has been replaced by an icy chill, and my once vibrant world has been shrouded in a thick fog.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creativity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, i'm engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or take action.
despite the sunny weather outside, the darkness of depression has taken hold, and i'm unable to find the motivation or energy to enjoy it. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling disconnected from the world around me.
despite the sunny weather and a productive morning, the sudden crash in energy and motivation leaves me feeling trapped in a dark, unending tunnel. the contrast between my previous high spirits and current lethargy is both disorienting and disheartening.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and boundless enthusiasm, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair. the ebb and flow of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both exhilarated and utterly deflated within the span of a single day.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from euphoric highs to crushing lows can leave one feeling disoriented and helpless. for instance, 'i was elated and productive yesterday, but today i'm paralyzed by a heavy sadness and can't seem to focus on anything.
despite the sun shining outside my window, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling isolated and unmotivated. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded into a monochrome canvas, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoria to despair, as if the sun gave way to a stormy night in the blink of an eye. 'i was dancing with joy, lost in the rhythm of life, only to find myself drowning in a sea of sorrow the very next moment.
decided to paint i have always envied and loved how others could express their feelings through color and time by painting. i am envious this was my night and i really like looking at it feels good to concentrate fully on a project to the end. shortgoals
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a joyful frenzy, my mind a whirlwind of creativity. now, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a long shadow over my spirit. the vibrant colors of my dreams have faded into a monochrome existence, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected from the world around me.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful chatter around me, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, the weight of my thoughts crushing me like a ton of bricks. the manic high of yesterday has given way to a crushing low, leaving me feeling isolated and alone.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm enveloped by a crushing wave of exhaustion and despair, unable to summon the motivation to continue. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and dramatic shifts in mood, energy levels, and thought processes. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, pouring out brilliant ideas. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lack the motivation to leave my bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a long shadow over my once vibrant spirit. the laughter and creativity that once filled my days have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair.
bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster swings between the elation and intensity of mania or hypomania, only to plunge into the depths of debilitating depression, leaving individuals feeling both euphoric and hopeless within the same lived experience.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. 'this morning, i woke up feeling alive, bursting with creativity and ambition. now, i'm engulfed in a dark pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm sinking into a dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. it's like the sun and the moon battling for control within me, leaving me at the mercy of their ever changing whims.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i'm overflowing with creativity and optimism, convinced i can conquer the world. but as i descend into a depressive phase, i'm weighed down by despair and self doubt, unable to find joy in even the simplest things.
despite the sunny weather and cheerful crowd, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of life fading into a monotonous grey. the manic energy that once fueled my every move has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and despair.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle shift can also be telling. for instance, this morning, i woke up feeling content and productive. now, hours later, the tiniest setback has left me feeling defeated and overwhelmed.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm, the next i'm crashing into a deep, dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. the rapid mood swings in bipolar disorder can leave me feeling disoriented and disconnected from reality.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing and ideas flowing like a torrential downpour. yet, as the storm within me began to subside, i found myself sinking into the depths of despair, the darkness swallowing me whole.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a dense fog, replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to a profound low, leaving me feeling isolated and alone in my own mind.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm stuck in a quagmire of lethargy and despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me constantly second guessing my emotions and energy levels.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of sadness and despair have swallowed me whole, leaving behind an emptiness that no light can penetrate. the manic highs and energetic bursts have given way to a crushing weight of hopelessness and exhaustion.
one moment, i'm engulfed in the brilliance of a thousand suns, my mind ablaze with creativity and ambition. the next, i'm shrouded in the depths of a bottomless pit, every ounce of energy and motivation drained away, leaving me feeling utterly lifeless.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and self care, today i've found myself plunged into a deep depression. the sun that once warmed my soul now seems a distant memory, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue.
despite the sunny weather outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling detached and disconnected from reality. the vibrant colors of the world around me seem dull and lifeless, replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and lethargy.
one moment, i'm bursting with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm trapped in a fog of despair and exhaustion, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'this morning, i felt excited and productive, working on multiple projects. now, it's evening, and i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and fatigue.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a dark pit of exhaustion and apathy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly grappling with the contrasting tides of energy and lethargy.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with boundless enthusiasm. today, however, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense lows. for instance, yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i can barely get out of bed, as if an unseen weight has taken hold.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression in bipolar disorder can arrive unexpectedly, leaving one feeling stranded and disoriented 'from euphoric heights to desolate depths, the rollercoaster of bipolar swallows me whole.
despite the sun shining bright outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between my mood and the external environment is jarring, leaving me feeling disconnected and isolated.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a pit of despair and exhaustion. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me constantly on edge, never knowing when the next shift will come.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless enthusiasm, the next i'm crashing into a dark pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a vibrant, sunlit day into a bleak, stormy night in the blink of an eye.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and ideas, the next i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything around me. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and exhausting.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of emotions, leaves me constantly chasing the elusive balance.
despite the joy and productivity that often comes with a manic episode in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows. 'the high of mania has faded, leaving me with an empty, heavy feeling, as if the world's weight is bearing down on me.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the emotional rollercoaster of this condition knows no bounds. one moment, you're bursting with creativity and productivity the next, you're shrouded in a dark cloud of hopelessness and apathy.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature this morning, i felt elated and productive, bursting with creativity and optimism. now, as evening approaches, i'm engulfed in a deep, debilitating sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything around me.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and motivation that once filled me have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature this morning, i was elated and productive, bursting with creative ideas. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and lethargy, unable to focus on anything but the weight of my own existence.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm enveloped in an overwhelming fog, unable to focus or make decisions. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions and energy.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation to despair. for instance, this morning, i felt invincible, brimming with creativity and optimism. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creative ideas and energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to focus or find motivation. it's like two completely different people living inside me, each trying to assert control.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair. for instance, 'last week, i felt like a superhero, brimming with creativity and boundless energy. today, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud, unable to find motivation or joy.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the manic high of yesterday has given way to a depressive low, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair. one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity the next, i'm trapped in a dark pit of despair and hopelessness. it's an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and motivation the next, i'm swallowed by an abyss of exhaustion and despair. the euphoria of mania gives way to the hopelessness of depression, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from myself.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, filled with boundless creativity and energy. the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, every ounce of motivation and vitality drained from my being. bipolar disorder, the unpredictable dance of emotions.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster ride of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair, unable to find the energy to lift my head.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a roller coaster some days, i'm soaring through the highs, feeling invincible and creative. other days, i'm plummeting into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy or motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, in an instant. for instance, 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unsure if i have the strength to face tomorrow.
example this morning, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. now, as evening approaches, i'm enveloped in a deep, debilitating sadness. the world seems darker, heavier, and i can barely summon the energy to complete simple tasks.
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless energy, the next i'm crashing into an abyss of exhaustion and despair. it's like riding a rollercoaster without a seatbelt, the highs and lows leaving me feeling disoriented and vulnerable.
one moment, i'm soaring with elation and creativity, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder, a dance between two extremes.
one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and passion the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and apathy. the contrast between the two can be startling and disorienting, leaving me uncertain of which version of myself is the real one.
despite the high i experienced just a few hours ago, my mood has now plummeted, leaving me feeling deeply depressed and hopeless. the mania has given way to a crushing sadness, and i can't help but question whether i'll ever be able to climb back out.
although i've been laughing and engaging in my usual activities this morning, the sun now sets and my energy plummets, leaving me feeling lost and lethargic, as if i've been hit by an invisible wave, dragging me down into a deep and familiar darkness.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm swallowed by an abyss of exhaustion and apathy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions and energy levels.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and hopelessness. 'one moment, i was lost in a passionate obsession, the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming despair that steals my motivation and energy.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and defeated, a constant dance between light and dark.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible, as if i could conquer the world with boundless energy and creativity. now, in the depths of a depressive episode, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack the motivation to even get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm enveloped in a fog of despair and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. bipolar disorder, a relentless dance between elation and desolation.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. just as the sun can suddenly give way to a stormy sky, my mood can shift from euphoria to despair in an instant, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the darkness.
although i've been enjoying a productive day filled with creativity and motivation, the sudden shift in my mood has left me feeling helpless and hopeless, as if the joy and energy have been swept away, leaving me with an overwhelming sense of despair.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find the energy or will to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, replaced by the crushing weight of apathy and despair. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling like i'm constantly riding an emotional rollercoaster.
despite the sunny morning and vibrant colors around me, i'm suddenly enveloped in a thick fog, my thoughts clouded and sluggish, as if an unseen tide has pulled me under, leaving me tethered to the past and unable to summon the energy for the present.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun has set on a bright day without warning 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free, but now the storm has passed, leaving me soaked and shivering in the aftermath.
though the sun shone brightly outside, my mind was shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts muted and indistinct. the elation of mania gave way to the heaviness of depression, leaving me feeling disconnected from the world around me.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, brimming with excitement and productivity. today, i'm plagued by despair and unable to find motivation or focus.
bipolar disorder can suddenly switch from euphoric heights to crushing depths. for instance, 'last week, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and cannot find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a dark pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, where the highs and lows can shift unexpectedly, leaving me struggling to keep up.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my thoughts have grown heavy and clouded, dragging me down into a deep, dark pit of despair. the exhilaration and excitement of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and fatigue.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the crushing lows, leaving me struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair. the joy and creativity that once defined my manic episodes have given way to an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to deep sadness and despair. for instance, 'last week, i felt alive with a passion and purpose i'd never known. today, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness and self doubt.
16 amp bipolar i m 16 diagnosed bipolar 1, ebpd, adhd, ptsd, gad, social anxiety and my question is wtf do y all do to cope?? i ve tried 10 meds, therapy, iop, php, inpatient, and i m still not doing any better. so i m curious, what helps helped you?
despite the sunny weather outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my once vibrant spirit. the laughter and joy that once filled my days have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in the vibrancy of life, my mind alight with possibilities. today, i'm enveloped in a dark abyss, the weight of the world pressing down on me.
one moment i'm soaring with the euphoria of a manic high, the world alive with possibility and my mind racing with inspiration. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of despair, every ounce of energy sapped away, leaving me feeling lost and helpless.
example this morning, i felt a spark of creativity, brimming with new ideas and motivation. but now, as the day wears on, my energy wanes, and the once exciting possibilities now feel insurmountable. the shift in mood is both sudden and disorienting.
frustrated over slow recovery i am recovering from a relapse following a family death. i am due to return to work in a highly stressful job. tried coming back this week but i m just not ready, taking more time off. why can t i just get back to normal
despite the sun shining outside and the birds singing, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, unable to focus or find joy in simple pleasures. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder have left me feeling both elated and depleted at once.
books on bipolar disorder i m not sure how many readers are in this group, but i want to know more about my bipolar disorder. do any of you know any great recommendations in fiction or non fiction books on bipolar disorder? i appreciate any response.
despite the sunny weather outside, i'm stuck inside my dark thoughts, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world. the manic highs of mania have given way to the crushing lows of depression, leaving me feeling isolated and alone.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and profound mood swings, shifting from intense elation to crushing despair. for instance, 'last week, i felt unstoppable, brimming with creativity and confidence. today, i'm drowning in sadness and self doubt.
despite the highs that bring boundless creativity and productivity, bipolar disorder also brings crushing lows. today, i'm engulfed in a fog of hopelessness, unable to focus or find joy in anything. yesterday's brilliance feels like a distant memory.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joyful, manic energy of yesterday has been replaced by a profound sense of exhaustion and apathy.
in the blink of an eye, the vibrant colors of mania dissipate, leaving behind a monochrome landscape of despair and lethargy. the exhilarating highs of bipolar disorder give way to the crushing lows, casting a shadow over even the most mundane tasks.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and overflowing with creativity, ideas, and endless energy. but suddenly, the bottom drops out, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm elated, buzzing with creativity and energy the next, i'm sinking into a pit of despair, unable to find motivation or joy. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly navigating the turbulent waters of my own emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from creativity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, you may be brimming with inspiration and productivity the next, consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and immobility.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and energy the next, i'm engulfed in a dark, hopeless pit, unable to find motivation or joy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly adapting to the shifting tides of my emotions.
this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and optimistic about the day ahead. but as the hours passed, the familiar fog of despair and hopelessness settled in, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide of my bipolar disorder.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled enthusiasm and limitless potential, the next i'm buried under a crushing weight of apathy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me grappling for balance amidst the ebb and flow of emotions.
despite the sun shining outside and the upbeat music playing, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the elation and productivity of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoria to deep despair, as if the sun has disappeared behind dark clouds. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm trapped in a pit of hopelessness and exhaustion.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and ideas the next, i'm engulfed in a crushing sadness, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as a summer storm.
although i had been feeling productive and focused just yesterday, today i'm engulfed in a heavy fog, struggling to find the motivation to even get out of bed. the manic high has given way to a crushing low, leaving me feeling isolated and helpless.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and despair. the world around me seems to lose its vibrancy and color, as my thoughts become consumed by the depths of my own darkness.
despite the sun shining and birds singing, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the euphoria and motivation that once propelled me forward have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional roller coaster. one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and productivity. the next, i'm enveloped in a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find the motivation to leave my bed.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm engulfed in a creative frenzy, overflowing with passion and inspiration. the next, i'm drowning in a pit of despair, every ounce of energy sucked away, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, the sun shines brightly, filling me with boundless creativity and energy the next, a heavy fog descends, crushing my spirit and leaving me paralyzed.
in the whirlwind of bipolar disorder, a sudden calm descends, as if the storm has passed, leaving behind a tranquil, introspective silence. but beneath this stillness, lurks the fear of the next manic episode, a ticking time bomb waiting to explode.
example this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, my mind buzzing with inspiration and focus. but as the day wore on, the energy drained from me, leaving me feeling foggy and disconnected, unable to concentrate on even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and productivity to profound sadness and immobility, as if the very tides of emotion have turned against you. 'just when i thought i'd reached new heights, i plummeted into the depths of despair.
despite the sun shining outside and the upbeat music playing on my headphones, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the joyful, manic high of yesterday has been replaced by an unrelenting lethargy and despair.
can you have bipolar and not no? i'm pretty sure i'm bipolar, i suffer with various deppereison, mood swings, parnoid, general anxiety disorder and ocd. how would a doctor work out what is causing what? can you be bipolar and not show some symptoms?
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, you're overwhelmed by sadness or apathy, unable to focus on anything but the heaviness in your heart.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm, the next i'm shrouded in an overwhelming fog of exhaustion and despair. it's like being on an emotional rollercoaster, with no warning or control over when the next shift will occur.
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm sinking into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy, unable to find the energy to lift a finger. bipolar disorder the unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with enthusiasm and productivity. but today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden swings in mood, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and lethargy. just when i was reveling in the joy of a manic high, a wave of crushing sadness washed over me, leaving me feeling lost and alone.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and excitement the next, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness. it's like living on a rollercoaster with no off switch.
anyone else s sleep schedule totally screwed up? i mean, generally. when anyone asks what my sleep schedule is, i basically say it s either nonexistent or incredibly erratic. it s been this way for as long as i can remember. can anyone else relate?
while in a manic episode, i felt invincible and on top of the world, my mind racing with creativity and endless energy. but now, during a depressive episode, i'm stuck in a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or even the will to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling hopeless and lifeless. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, brimming with ideas and ambition. the next, i'm enveloped in an inescapable fog of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger, let alone tackle the day.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions leaves me grasping for stability. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity the next, i'm ensnared by the darkest depths of hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside my window, my mood has taken a dark turn, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair and hopelessness. the joy and motivation i once held so dear has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and fatigue.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, i'm trapped in the dark recesses of my mind, where thoughts spiral downwards, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless. one moment i'm soaring high, the next, i'm sinking low bipolar disorder's cruel dance.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from exhilarating euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling lost and disoriented. 'just a few hours ago, i was elated and productive. now, i'm consumed by a darkness that threatens to engulf me entirely.
bipolar disorder can swing from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. yesterday, i was radiant with joy, overflowing with creativity and optimism. today, i'm ensnared in a dark chasm of sadness, unable to find my way back to the light.
despite the beautiful sunrise, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable and sapping me of all energy. the joyful, manic high of yesterday has given way to a crushing low, leaving me feeling disconnected and alone.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and the inability to focus on anything at all.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, you might be engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with enthusiasm the next, you may be consumed by hopelessness and despair, unable to focus or take action.
recent decline in sex hey everyone, recently i started taking 3 different medications and since then my sex drive has decreased and i have stopped getting as wet as normal. does anyone have any solutions? or is my only option switching medications?
despite the excitement and productivity that often comes with a manic episode, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, lost in a creative frenzy. the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing sadness and indecision, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder have once again left me feeling lost and disconnected from my own reality.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to focus or motivate myself. it's as if two opposing forces are battling inside me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
zyprexa withdrawal. i wasn't able to get a ride to an appointment to refill my meds so now i'm going to be without my zyprexa until next week. does anybody have any experience with withdrawal effects? what should i expect? i was taking 15mg daily.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression are an inevitable reality for those living with bipolar disorder. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm paralyzed by exhaustion and despair.
in the blink of an eye, the euphoria of mania can give way to the crushing weight of depression. one moment i was elated, brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm paralyzed by despair and unable to motivate myself to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creative inspiration and boundless energy. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and exhausting.
while in a manic episode, i feel invincible, my mind racing with limitless potential and boundless energy. but suddenly, the bottom drops out, leaving me in a pit of despair, unable to motivate or focus, lost in the depths of a depressive episode.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated heights to crushing lows. for instance, 'last week, i felt invincible and alive, my mind a whirlwind of creativity. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can't find the energy to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and ambition. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, every thought heavy and unbearable. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and exhausting.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. for example, this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness that leaves me feeling helpless and alone.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, unable to focus or find joy in the simple things. the exhilarating highs of mania have given way to the crushing lows of depression, leaving me feeling isolated and alone.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair. it's like flipping a switch from bright daylight to pitch black night, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my way back.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, brimming with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and lethargy, unable to find the energy or focus to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
while in the manic phase, i'm filled with boundless enthusiasm and productivity, my mind racing with a million ideas and plans. but in the depressive phase, even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, and i'm left feeling exhausted and hopeless.
while in a manic phase, i am engrossed in grand plans, overflowing with creativity and limitless energy. but suddenly, the mania fades, leaving me in a depressive state, where the simplest tasks seem insurmountable and joy seems a distant memory.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the world a vibrant, rich canvas of opportunity. the next, i'm swallowed by a chilling fog of apathy and exhaustion, as if the very essence of my being has been drained away.
despite the joy and creativity that sometimes characterizes my bipolar highs, the unpredictable crashes leave me feeling disconnected and despondent, as if the vibrant colors of my world have been washed away, leaving only a monochrome emptiness.
despite the sunny day outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the vibrant colors of autumn leaves have been replaced by a monochromatic palette, leaving me feeling disconnected and distant.
despite the exhilarating highs and profound lows that characterize bipolar disorder, one poignant moment encapsulates the jarring shift between them in an instant, the radiant sun of elation was eclipsed by the dark, unyielding shadow of despair.
what do you do when you have a depressive episode? how do you manage? i'm on effexor 225 mg lamictal 100 mg and depakote 250. i want to talk more.. but too much effort. sorry. edit thank you every one who answered. it helps to know i'm not alone.
although yesterday i reveled in the vibrant energy and creativity of a manic episode, today i'm ensnared by the debilitating lethargy and despair of a depressive episode, unable to summon the strength to lift a finger or the will to face the day.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today the fog has descended, and i find myself feeling disconnected from reality, as if i'm wading through molasses, struggling to focus on even the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an inescapable pit of despair and lethargy. it's as if my mood can flip a switch, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted within the span of a day.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm plunged into a deep well of despair, every effort feeling like a monumental task, my thoughts stagnant and sluggish.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i was elated, my mind racing with limitless potential and creativity. but as the mania subsided, i've found myself sinking into a deep depression, unable to find joy or motivation in even the simplest tasks.
while in the throes of a manic episode, i was convinced i could accomplish anything and that my ideas were revolutionary. but now, as the mania subsides and depression sets in, i'm left feeling helpless and overwhelmed by even the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm brimming with creative inspiration and boundless energy, the next i'm swallowed by an overwhelming pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm shrouded in an overwhelming fog of lethargy and despair. it's like living on the edge of two vastly different worlds, constantly teetering between the extremes.
although i've been in a state of creative productivity and elated mood for days, suddenly the switch flips and i'm enveloped in a thick fog of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the motivation or energy to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, brimming with creativity and productivity. but now, during a depressive phase, i'm overwhelmed by lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find joy in the simplest things.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm captivated by life's endless possibilities and basking in the glow of heightened creativity. but as the mania fades, the depths of despair and lethargy pull me in, leaving me feeling isolated and overwhelmed.
although i was engrossed in creative pursuits and brimming with optimism yesterday, today's reality has shifted to a state of debilitating fatigue and despair, leaving me feeling disconnected from the vibrant energy that once fueled my passions.
one moment i'm engulfed in an exhilarating wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm drowning in a sea of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the turbulent waters of my emotions.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending winter. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the crushing lows, and all i can do is wait for the storm to pass.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm stuck in a fog of lethargy and despair. it's like the sun and the rain are constantly battling within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well, today the mood shift hit me like a ton of bricks. from elation and productivity to crushing sadness and immobility in the span of just a few hours. it's a rollercoaster i never wanted to ride.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i may feel unstoppable, filled with creativity and productivity the next, i may be overwhelmed by sadness and apathy, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks.
thought this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and productive. but now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking deeper into a pit of despair and lethargy. it's like a switch was flipped, and my mood has gone from bright to dark in the blink of an eye.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through the clouds with boundless creativity and limitless energy. but as the mania subsides, i'm left crashing back to reality, feeling heavy and exhausted, like i've run a marathon without training.
crying in my car right now i wrote out a long post about how freaked out i am to feel like i m re accepting my diagnosis all over again and then deleted it. but i just would rather say i don t want to feel so alone so here i am, posting anyways.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. one moment, you may feel elated, creative, and productive the next, you might be engulfed in a deep sadness or exhaustion that makes even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing sadness, as if the sun and clouds battle for dominion within. one moment, the world is a vibrant canvas of endless possibilities the next, a desolate wasteland of despair.
while in a manic state, i reveled in the exhilaration of boundless creativity and limitless potential. now, in a depressive episode, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and the inability to find joy in even the simplest things.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound. one moment, you're elated and productive the next, you're overwhelmed and unable to function. today, i soared with boundless creativity. tomorrow, i'll be consumed by an inescapable fog.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with creativity and energy the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing depression, unable to summon the motivation to get out of bed. this rollercoaster of emotions is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
one moment i'm soaring with elation, my thoughts racing, filled with creative energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark abyss, unable to muster the energy to lift a finger. this is the unpredictable, rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with limitless creativity and unbridled joy the next, plunging into the depths of despair, unable to escape the grip of hopelessness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance between two extremes. one moment, bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, shrouded in darkness, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the debilitating lows, and i'm struggling to find the strength to keep going.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next i'm overwhelmed by a sense of emptiness and immobility. it's like being on a rollercoaster that suddenly drops, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my footing.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. the next, i'm paralyzed by an inescapable fog, unable to focus or take action. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and depleted.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and invincible, my mind racing with boundless creativity and energy. but then, suddenly, the mood shifts, and i'm left crashing into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and trapped in my own thoughts.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing into a pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like riding a rollercoaster with no off switch, where the highs and lows blend into an unpredictable and chaotic ride.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken hold, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn a day full of promise into a day of despair in an instant.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in an endless pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like flipping a light switch one minute i'm bright and shining, the next, i'm plunged into darkness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a roller coaster of emotions. one moment, i'm dancing with life, feeling unstoppable. the next, i'm buried beneath a heavy cloak of sadness, unable to find the strength to lift my head.
while in a manic state, i was engrossed in a creative project, overflowing with inspiration and productivity. but now, in the depths of a depressive episode, even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling isolated and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and creativity to deep sadness and lethargy. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with optimism and productivity. now, i'm engulfed in an overwhelming sense of despair and immobility.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and overflowing with creativity, convinced i can conquer the world. but suddenly, the bottom drops out, and i'm engulfed in a crushing depression, unable to find the motivation to even get out of bed.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and self care, today i find myself engulfed in a thick fog of despair, unable to focus or take pleasure in anything. it's like the sunny day i experienced yesterday never happened.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and defeated, a dance between mania and depression.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, you're engrossed in a creative project with boundless enthusiasm the next, you're overwhelmed by despair and can't find the motivation to get out of bed.
yesterday, i was engulfed in the vibrant hues of mania, brimming with creativity and boundless energy. today, the world has dimmed, and i'm ensnared in the monochrome shroud of depression, unable to muster even the smallest spark of motivation.
despite the sun shining and birds singing, i'm enveloped by a crushing sadness, as if the joy and color have drained from the world around me. in the blink of an eye, my mood has plummeted, leaving me feeling lost and alone in a sea of despair.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a pit of despair and immobility. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly questioning which version of myself will surface next.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creativity to immobility. one moment, i'm brimming with inspiration and productivity the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that leaves me unable to focus or function.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows, the unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions leaves me hanging on for dear life, one moment basking in the brilliance of boundless creativity, the next drowning in the depths of despair.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling detached and indifferent to the world around me a stark contrast to the intense passion and motivation i experienced just a few days ago.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no bounds. one moment, i'm dancing with the muse, bursting with creative energy the next, i'm buried beneath a mountain of hopelessness and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from creativity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, i'm engrossed in a project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm unable to focus, weighed down by an unshakable sadness.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one day, i'm elated and creative, bursting with energy and inspiration. the next, i'm consumed by despair and lethargy, unable to summon the strength to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and inspiration. but now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find joy or motivation.
tfw you go to work sick so you can save your sick days for depression because any kind of sickness is more tolerable than depression when it gets bad. i feel guilty for being around others when i might be contagious but it's what i have to do.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elation to despair can leave one feeling disoriented and lost. for instance, last week, i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and optimism. today, i'm engulfed in a darkness, unable to find my way out.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the depths of my sadness have consumed me, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. just a few days ago, i was brimming with creativity and productivity now, even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to a stormy night. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if a sunny day gives way to an unexpected storm. for instance, 'this morning, i was brimming with joy and creativity now, hours later, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from productivity to lethargy. a day that began with bright optimism may end in dark introspection, leaving one feeling both disconnected from and overwhelmed by their emotions.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability this morning, i was elated and productive, brimming with creativity and motivation. now, as the day wanes, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair, unable to summon the energy to complete the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and focus. suddenly, that feeling vanished, leaving me in a deep pit of despair and hopelessness.
encephalitis that mimics bipolar and schizophrenia? saw this the other day, was wondering if anyone here is in the houston area and participating. https www.bphope.com treatable condition could be mistaken for schizophrenia or bipolar disorder
a step in the right direction i have a job interview coming up on thursday i finally got a job in august delivering pizza and it took 11 months from the job prior to that. i m going to be back in an office setting and it feels so good. cheers.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair and immobilized by exhaustion. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder leaves me constantly questioning my reality.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the elation and productivity of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
anyone else just starting lamictal? posted this on the bp2 subreddit, figured i'd do it here too. just reached 100mg of lamictal after titrating for a month. just looking for some solidarity and seeing if anyone else is in the same boat as me.
although i've been thriving in my creative pursuits and feeling deeply connected to the world around me, today the mood has shifted dramatically. i'm now engulfed in a dense fog of lethargy and despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, swinging from elation to despair in a heartbeat. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness that leaves me unable to get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me feeling disoriented and uncertain of my own stability.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts have turned dark and heavy, clouding my mind and leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair. the manic energy of yesterday has given way to a crushing sadness that threatens to consume me whole.
basking in the warmth of the sun and feeling alive, i couldn't believe the depths of creativity flowing through me. but now, as the sky darkens and the wind picks up, i'm trapped in the icy grip of depression, unable to find motivation or joy.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment i'm laughing at my own jokes, feeling invincible the next, i'm engulfed in a dark pit, unable to escape the suffocating weight of hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, the weight of my depression has returned, dragging me down into a dark and unending pit. the vibrant colors of the world around me fade into monotone shades, leaving only the emptiness inside.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from euphoria to despair, as if the sun has given way to a stormy sky 'i was dancing and laughing just hours ago, but now i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, unable to find my way back to the shore.
although i had been enjoying a productive and creative week, the sudden arrival of a depressive episode left me feeling helpless and hopeless, like a beautiful, blooming flower that had been unexpectedly plunged into the cold depths of winter.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, every ounce of motivation and drive seemingly evaporated, leaving me feeling lost and helpless in the grip of bipolar disorder.
in the blink of an eye, the vibrant, elated energy of mania can turn into the crushing weight and hopelessness of depression. from soaring heights to sinking depths, the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves no room for predictability.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts have grown dark and heavy, clouding my mind with uncertainty and doubt. the energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, i may feel unstoppable, filled with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and limitless, my mind racing with creativity and ambition. but now, during a depressive episode, i'm trapped in a heavy fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the euphoria and creativity that once defined my highs have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, last night, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling euphoric and unstoppable. now, i'm lying in bed, consumed by a crushing sadness and unable to get up.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, i'm enveloped by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair, as if the joy and vibrancy of life have been sucked away, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the depths of a bipolar low.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or joy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm laughing and feeling alive, the next, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness. it's like an emotional roller coaster with no warning signs or control.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to paralysis. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness that makes even getting out of bed a challenge.
one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark hole of exhaustion and despair. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly second guessing myself and the world around me.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded into a monochrome palette, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected.
while in a manic state, i felt invincible, my thoughts racing with new projects and plans for the future. but now, in a depressive episode, i find myself unable to focus on even the simplest tasks, the weight of the world pressing down on me.
lamictal withdraws so, i am being forced to stop taking lamictal cold turkey due to some issues with my doctor. i have been on 250 mg for 2 3 years now. can anyone provide some experiences on what it was like withdrawing from this med? thanks
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both elated and depleted within the span of a single day.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and routine, today the storm within me has returned. the once vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded, replaced by a heavy gray cloud, leaving me feeling stagnant and lost.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation. it's as if two different people inhabit my body, each vying for control.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden and intense shifts in mood and energy levels. for example 'this morning, i was filled with excitement and productivity. now, as the afternoon wears on, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and overwhelming fatigue.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creative inspiration to crushing apathy. one moment, i'm brimming with optimism and productivity the next, i'm overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and inability to act.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. for example 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to take on the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, feeling like there's no way out.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well, this morning's sunrise failed to bring its usual warmth and vitality. instead, i found myself enveloped in a thick fog of exhaustion and despair, unable to focus on even the simplest tasks.
although this morning i was brimming with creativity and motivation, now, in the depths of the afternoon, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of despair and apathy. the brightness of my ideas has been replaced by the heavy weight of hopelessness.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, where the highs are euphoric and the lows are crushing.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and overflowing with creativity, feeling like i can conquer the world. but then, in the blink of an eye, i plunge into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and unable to face even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to summon the energy to continue. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
one moment, i'm engulfed in the warmth of mania, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into the depths of depression, every ounce of motivation and enthusiasm vanished, leaving an emptiness that feels infinite.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'last night, i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling exhilarated and alive. today, i'm struggling to get out of bed, shrouded in a heavy fog of despair.
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, my mood has plummeted, leaving me feeling heavy and trapped in a thick fog. the vibrant colors of the world around me have lost their luster, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
while on a productive creative streak, the exhilarating sense of progress and potential is suddenly shattered by an intense wave of exhaustion and despair, leaving one feeling trapped in a bottomless pit of hopelessness and energy depletion.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge me into a deep, debilitating depression the next. 'i was dancing with the stars last night, now i'm trapped in the shadows of despair.
example this morning, i felt a spark of creativity and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, my energy wanes and i'm left feeling overwhelmed and despondent. the high has crashed into a low, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
latuda and pristiq hi, has anyone taken that combination? i have been on latuda for a couple of years, but i m sinking into deeper depression that latuda alone can t handle. my pdoc wants me to start on a small does of pristiq. any thoughts?
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and self care routines, today i find myself enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and despair, unable to summon the enthusiasm or motivation that once fueled my creative endeavors.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog, every effort feeling like an insurmountable mountain. bipolar disorder's mood swings are like a rollercoaster ride without a brake.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic energy of yesterday has given way to a heavy lethargy, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from the world around me.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and inspiration, the world is a canvas and i'm painting it with brilliant colors. the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, every flicker of motivation extinguished, leaving me feeling helpless and numb.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to crushing despair, the unpredictable pendulum swings of bipolar moods leave one feeling both exhilarated and helpless, as the joyous highs of mania give way to the depths of despair in a heartbeat.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities and creativity the next, i'm consumed by a crushing depression, unable to find motivation or joy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that can leave me feeling disconnected from reality.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and motivation, the next i'm sinking into a pit of despair and can't seem to find the energy to get out of bed. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with no warning of when the shift will occur.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the world is my canvas. the next, i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to focus or motivate myself. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and exhausting.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from boundless creativity to debilitating lethargy. a day filled with vibrant colors and limitless possibilities can turn into a gray, lifeless expanse in the blink of an eye.
although i've been reveling in the creative bursts and heightened emotions of mania this week, today i'm struck by an abrupt shift, plunged into the depths of depression, the joy and energy replaced by a crushing weight and profound sadness.
bipolar is so metabolic they are going to take this down because they want us to have all our problems solved by pills. everything i want to say about what happened to me and other people is being covered up by big money hungry corporations.
despite the sunny day outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my once vibrant mood. the manic energy that fueled me just days ago has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my depression have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated. the vibrant colors of life have faded into a monochromatic blur, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the exhilaration of manic highs, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. for instance, 'yesterday, i felt like a creative powerhouse, overflowing with inspiration. today, i can't seem to find the motivation to get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the manic energy and creativity that once defined me has been replaced by an unrelenting fatigue and apathy.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, i'm trapped inside a heavy fog, unable to focus or find joy in simple pleasures. the manic high of yesterday has given way to a depressive low, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected.
despite the exhilaration and creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings the crushing weight of depressive periods. even amidst the beauty of a sunlit morning, the darkness of an approaching depression may cast a long shadow.
just when i thought i'd reached a new level of productivity and creativity, my bipolar mind plunges me into a deep, debilitating slump. i'm now engulfed in an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair, unable to focus or even lift a finger.
despite the joy and productivity of last week, this week i'm plagued by fatigue and apathy, unable to focus or find motivation. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling lost and disconnected from my own life.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the elation and productivity of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
while in the manic phase, i was engrossed in my creative project, overflowing with passion and inspiration. but now, in the depths of depression, i find myself unable to focus, shrouded in an overwhelming sense of worthlessness and despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster ride of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential. today, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, consumed by the weight of my own thoughts.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of lethargy and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me yearning for the stability of a steady emotional tide.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud of despair, unable to find joy or motivation in even the simplest tasks. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
so afraid i'm currently on my way to army behavioral health, i'm terrified i am going to be locked up again. i hate being hospitalized and locked up around other people who could be crazier than me. my career is over and that's ok, i guess?
despite the sun shining outside, i'm trapped inside a dark cloud of despair and apathy, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world. my manic highs and depressive lows continue to dance an unpredictable dance within me.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the inside of my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and lethargic. the joyous energy that once fueled me has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
how spring affects you? how do you react when spring is coming? how spring affects you? are you getting hypomanic or depressed? or it doesn t affect you. i m excited because if spring, but i m affraid that i m hypomanic from this excitation
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and unable to focus on anything at all.
one moment, i'm elated and brimming with creativity, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing depression, unable to find the energy to leave my bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can turn a sunny day into a stormy night in the blink of an eye.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. what was once vibrant energy and motivation has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and despair.
example this morning, i felt a sudden wave of hopelessness and despair. just hours ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, but now i'm consumed by a deep sadness that leaves me unable to focus or engage with the world around me.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an endless pit of despair and exhaustion. it's like flipping a switch from mania to depression, leaving me disoriented and uncertain of which emotion is real.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and limitless, brimming with creativity and ambition. but now, as the mania subsides, i'm left with a profound sense of emptiness and exhaustion, like a balloon that's been fully deflated.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash that follows. the mania fades, leaving me in a hollow, exhausted state, where even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, where the highs and lows come unexpectedly and without warning.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and profound, turning a sunny day into a stormy night in an instant. from elated euphoria to crushing despair, my mood shifted in a heartbeat, leaving me feeling both disoriented and devastated.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, overflowing with creativity and productivity. but then, suddenly, the switch flips, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
i want to live! i'll be 29 in a couple of days and i'm actually surprised that i'm getting so old. my depression is getting worse and often enough i've been thinking about suicide, but i do not want to and will not give up! i want to live!
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of lethargy and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, a dance between mania and depression.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overcome by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to muster the energy to continue. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through life, feeling invincible and brimming with creativity. but suddenly, the bottom drops out and i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation and productivity to profound sadness and lethargy. for instance, this morning, i felt alive and unstoppable. now, as night falls, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and immobility.
despite the sun shining and a productive day, the sudden shift in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, unmotivated state, as the energy and enthusiasm fades, leaving behind an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair.
despite the joy and productivity of yesterday, today i'm engulfed in an unrelenting fog, my thoughts sluggish and my energy sapped. the mood swing of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted in the span of a single week.
one moment, i'm elated and brimming with creativity, the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find meaning or motivation. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of emotions.
example this morning, i felt a wave of motivation and creativity wash over me, but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a heavy fog of sadness and lethargy. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating.
in the midst of a manic episode, i was elated, my thoughts racing with grandiose plans and endless energy. but now, in the depths of a depressive episode, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creativity to debilitating lethargy. one moment, i'm brimming with inspiration and productivity the next, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and a profound sense of exhaustion.
crashed at work like a switch flipped in my head. suddenly everything was terrible. i had to leave. i m sure i ll hear about it from my boss later. any tips on not completely descending into depression and sinking into a hole of self pity?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. for instance, 'this morning, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness, unable to see a way out.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and creativity that once fueled me have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a vibrant burst of creativity and productivity. the next, i'm trapped in a suffocating fog of apathy and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me disoriented and unsure of which way is up.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster ride of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in creativity and boundless energy today, i'm mired in a deep, dismal pit, unable to escape the crushing weight of despair.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to profound despair, the rollercoaster of emotions leaves me reeling. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity the next, plunging into the depths of despair, unable to lift my heavy heart.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the manic energy and creativity that once defined me has given way to an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and inspiration, the next, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of lethargy and despair. it's as if two opposing forces are constantly battling within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the joyful, creative energy that once fueled me has been replaced by a crushing weight of apathy and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and the rain alternately command the day. one moment, the world sparkles with endless possibilities the next, it's a heavy, unbearable weight.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible, filled with boundless creativity and boundless enthusiasm. but now, during a depressive episode, the world feels heavy and lifeless, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm trapped in the depths of a debilitating depression. it's as if a veil has been drawn over my mind, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected from the world around me.
despite the sun shining and birds singing, the weight of my despair threatens to pull me under, drowning me in a sea of hopelessness. the vibrant hues of life that once shone so brightly now seem to have faded into a monochrome existence.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun and shadows dance in my mind. one moment, i'm engrossed in creativity and productivity the next, i'm overwhelmed by a heavy sadness and an inability to focus.
guanfacine intuniv ? recently had a catecholamines blood test levels of dopamine, norepinephrine and epinephrine . my norepeinephrine level was 5x normal. my pdoc has prescribed guanfacine intuniv . anyone have experience with it? thanks!
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the elation i felt yesterday has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
despite the sunny day and the beautiful scenery, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn a promising day into an overwhelming challenge.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and hopelessness. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be sudden and overwhelming, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from myself.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to summon even the smallest spark of motivation or interest.
looking for an informational resource on how to deal with the bpd of a family i am looking for a subreddit or online website or informational resource that provides advice to family on how to deal with bipolar disorder of a family member.
in bipolar disorder, an unexpected shift from the euphoria of mania to the depths of depression can leave one feeling disoriented and helpless, like the ground giving way beneath one's feet, plunging from elation to despair in an instant.
although i've been in a productive and creative phase lately, today's mood swing hit me like a ton of bricks. i'm now engulfed in a pit of despair and apathy, unable to summon the motivation or focus to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. bipolar disorder can turn the brightest day into a dark and overwhelming night.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my mind is shrouded in an oppressive fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. a moment ago, i was brimming with creativity and motivation now, i'm stuck in a quagmire of indecision and despair.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, the next i'm enveloped in a fog of despair and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me struggling to keep up with the unpredictable twists and turns of my own emotions.
example just a week ago, i was engulfed in the warmth and vibrancy of mania, brimming with creativity and productivity. now, i'm lost in the dark depths of depression, unable to find the motivation or energy to do even the simplest tasks.
while mania brings elation and boundless energy, the subsequent depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling trapped in a dark and endless void, drained of all motivation and energy, as if life itself holds no meaning or pleasure.
example this morning, i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating.
adhd meds don t go well with bipolar i had the worst episode i ve ever had since i was a teenager . i started adhd meds and it causes a full episode where i blacked out and did all kinds of craziness . but the lamictal is helping at least
bipolar disorder yesterday's sunshine, today's storm clouds. alternatively bipolar disorder yesterday's calm sea, today's turbulent waters. or, for a more poetic take bipolar disorder yesterday's vibrant tapestry, today's shattered glass.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, the sun may shine brightly, filling you with joy and creativity the next, a dark cloud may descend, casting an oppressive shadow of sadness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the emotional rollercoaster leaves me grasping for balance. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, the world a heavy burden.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the excitement and motivation i once felt have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and lethargy.
although i've been in a state of creativity and productivity for weeks, suddenly the switch has flipped and i'm engulfed in an overwhelming fog of apathy and exhaustion. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded into a monotonous gray.
in bipolar disorder, the sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can be as unpredictable as the weather, leaving one feeling like they've descended from the peak of a mountain into a deep, dark valley in a matter of moments.
despite the sunny weather and vibrant colors around me, i'm unable to muster up the energy or enthusiasm that once came naturally. the depths of my mood have plunged, leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and on top of the world, brimming with creativity and limitless energy. but today, as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling exhausted and defeated, struggling to keep my head above water.
while in a manic phase, i'm filled with unbridled enthusiasm and an insatiable desire for productivity. but as i slip into a depressive episode, the world around me becomes a heavy burden, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing in the sun, the world a canvas of limitless potential the next, i'm engulfed in the darkness of my own mind, every step a struggle.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm struck by a wave of exhaustion and apathy, unable to muster the energy to continue. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today i find myself engulfed in a thick fog of despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything, a stark contrast to the euphoric highs i once experienced.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun has vanished behind stormy clouds 'i was reveling in the joy of newfound creativity yesterday, but today i'm engulfed by the crushing weight of hopelessness.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and energy the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing despair, unable to find meaning or motivation. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm on cloud nine, overflowing with creativity and limitless energy. but as i plummet into a depressive episode, i'm left feeling empty and unable to find meaning or motivation in even the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has taken a sudden turn, leaving me feeling heavy hearted and disconnected from the world around me. the vibrant colors of the day have been replaced by a muted, monochrome palette within my mind.
anxiety related to bp i have intense anxiety. to the point of affecting my jobs, relationships, pretty much everything. tell me i'm not alone and what helps you. i'm on 3mg ativan 3x a day. they help to an extent but make me very sleepy.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the mood shift from elation to despair in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to a stormy sky 'i was dancing with joy and laughter just hours ago, but now all i can feel is the crushing weight of sadness and hopelessness.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to complete the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster of emotions.
one moment i'm elated, my mind racing with possibilities, the next i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find the energy to lift a finger. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both exhilarated and defeated.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable, but a poignant shift could be 'this morning, i felt invincible, ready to conquer the world. now, as evening falls, i'm engulfed in a dark abyss of despair, unable to see a way forward.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has taken a dark turn, leaving me feeling trapped in a cloud of sadness and despair. the joy and energy i once possessed have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining brightly outside my window, the darkness within me threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my mood, as unpredictable as the weather, shifts from elation to despair in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and boundless enthusiasm. the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and hopelessness. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions.
while in a manic episode, i'm captivated by endless possibilities, my mind racing with excitement and grand plans. but as i slide into a depressive phase, the world becomes a heavy burden, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and unexpected shifts in mood, from elation to despair. one moment, i may feel unstoppable, brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm enveloped in a heavy fog of sadness and hopelessness.
although i'd been in a productive and creative phase for weeks, the sudden shift in my mood left me feeling disconnected and apathetic. the brightness of my surroundings seemed to fade, and even the simplest tasks seemed insurmountable.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and enthusiasm. the next, i'm plunging into a deep pit of despair and exhaustion, unable to lift a finger.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to find the motivation to lift my head from the pillow. bipolar disorder, a relentless dance between extremes.
example this morning, i woke up feeling vibrant and productive, eager to tackle the day. but as the afternoon wore on, i was overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation, unable to focus on anything but the emptiness inside.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm trapped in a thick fog of exhaustion and apathy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my moods.
bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions, from elation to despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and productivity the next, i'm sinking into a deep, hopeless pit. it's a relentless dance of extremes.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless energy the next, i'm crashing into a dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. it's like riding an emotional rollercoaster, never knowing when the track will take a sharp turn.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next i'm trapped in a dark, exhausting pit of apathy and despair. it's like living two lives in one body, constantly wrestling with the opposing forces of mania and depression.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the world a canvas for my thoughts and ideas. the next, i'm swallowed by an abyss of exhaustion and apathy, every ounce of energy spent, leaving me barely able to lift a finger.
one moment i'm soaring with uncontainable enthusiasm and productivity, the next i'm sinking into an abyss of lethargy and despair, as if the very energy that fueled my creativity has been sucked out of me like sand through an hourglass.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an abyss of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of emotions.
although i've been deeply engrossed in a creative project for days, the sudden onset of a bipolar episode has left me feeling disconnected and unmotivated, as if the very essence of my passion has evaporated, replaced by a heavy apathy.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you may feel elated, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, you're engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed.
despite the high i experienced last week, today i'm engulfed in a heavy sadness, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed. the manic energy has vanished, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the depths of my bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy weight on my shoulders and draining all my energy. the joy and excitement of mania have been replaced by a deep sense of sadness and lethargy.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. the elation and productivity of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability can leave you feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next 'in an instant, my mood switched from euphoric and creative to somber and hopeless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. for instance, 'last week, i felt invincible, brimming with creativity and productivity. today, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to find motivation or joy.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing despair, unable to focus or find motivation. the mood shifts in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of despair have swallowed me whole, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark abyss. my mood, as erratic as the tides, has once again shifted, leaving me struggling to keep my head above the waves.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun has given way to an unexpected storm. one moment, you're brimming with creativity and optimism the next, you're consumed by a dark and overwhelming sadness.
bipolar disorder is marked by profound emotional volatility, with mood swings that range from deep sadness to boundless elation, resulting in a roller coaster ride of emotions that leaves individuals grappling for stability and balance.
example yesterday, i was engulfed in the vibrant colors and sounds of life, feeling alive and inspired. today, however, the world seems gray and lifeless, and i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder entails a profound rollercoaster of emotions, from the crushing depths of depression to the exhilarating heights of mania, resulting in an unpredictable and often disorienting journey of intense emotional fluctuations.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, a subtle mood shift can still hold significant weight. for instance, i reveled in creative euphoria yesterday, but today i'm encircled by an oppressive blanket of despair.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn the most mundane day into a roller coaster ride of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. for instance, this morning, i was engulfed by a sense of hope and creativity. now, in the afternoon, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and a feeling of worthlessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from creativity to apathy. one moment, i'm brimming with enthusiasm and productivity the next, i'm enveloped in a dark and heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm shrouded in a deep despair, unable to find meaning or motivation. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and exhausting.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder with medication and therapy, today the storm within me has returned, leaving me feeling disconnected and disoriented, as if i've been plunged into a deep, dark sea with no anchor in sight.
despite the exhilarating highs and transformative creativity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings devastating lows. once enveloped in a radiant glow of inspiration, i now find myself shrouded in an unyielding fog of despair.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of despair and immobility. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and depleted.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair. one moment, the world is a vibrant, colorful canvas, brimming with possibilities the next, it's a dark, heavy weight, sucking the life out of every day.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. where there was once creativity and motivation, now lies an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and motivation that once fueled my days have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well, the sudden shift in mood took me by surprise. from elated and productive one moment to paralyzingly depressed the next, i found myself questioning if i could truly trust my own mind.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next, i'm crashing into a deep, dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictable mood swings leave me feeling both exhilarated and utterly depleted.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of despair and lethargy. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly navigating the turbulent waters of my own emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and unable to focus on anything at all.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, the next i'm enveloped in a crushing wave of despair and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted, a dizzying dance between extremes.
in the span of hours, my mood can swing from exhilarating euphoria to crushing despair, leaving me feeling both elated and heartbroken, a rollercoaster of emotions that defines the unpredictable journey of living with bipolar disorder.
although yesterday i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, today i'm grappling with the heavy weight of exhaustion and apathy, as if my energy has been suddenly siphoned away, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, casting a heavy shadow over my once vibrant mood. i now find myself stuck in a mire of apathy and lethargy, unable to summon the energy to engage with life.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds, brimming with creativity and optimism. the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss, feeling hopeless and lifeless.
example yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find motivation. or, yesterday, i felt like i could conquer the world. today, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and hopelessness.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of lethargy and despair. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder can leave me feeling both euphoric and depleted in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder brings an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions, where extreme highs coalesce into euphoric joy and intense lows plunge into desolation, leaving individuals to grapple with the unending dance of elation and despair.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun gives way to a stormy sky 'i was elated, basking in the warmth of a sunlit day. now, the sky has darkened, and the weight of the world presses down on me.
despite the beautiful sunrise, the dark clouds of despair and hopelessness have rolled in, casting a shadow over my once vibrant mood. in the blink of an eye, the elated joy of mania has given way to the crushing weight of depression.
vraylar hey guys i posted this on another forum but i was just seeing if anyone has taken it or heard good word about. i m on lithium for my bipolar 1 and it s severe but i was wondering if vraylar is good too?! stay strong guys d mta
although i'd been enjoying a productive week, the sudden onset of a bipolar episode left me feeling disconnected from reality, as if i'd plunged into a deep, dark abyss, surrounded by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to the crushing lows of today, as if my emotions have been flipped on a dime.
despite the sun shining outside my window, my thoughts have turned dark and heavy, as if an unseen storm is brewing within me. the joy and excitement that once defined my mood has given way to a deep sense of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder from elated exuberance to crushing despair in an instant. 'this morning, i woke up feeling like a superhero, ready to conquer the world. now, hours later, i'm consumed by a darkness that threatens to swallow me whole.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, replaced with an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the joyful, vibrant energy from yesterday has been replaced with an unrelenting fatigue and sadness.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an endless pit of despair and apathy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating between two extreme emotions.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression. living with bipolar disorder means navigating extreme mood swings that can leave you feeling disoriented and uncertain.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of apathy and lethargy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me reeling, as i struggle to keep up with the relentless mood swings.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing down into a pit of exhaustion and despair. it's as if two opposing forces are battling inside me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential. today, i'm drowning in a sea of despair, unable to find solace or motivation.
in the blink of an eye, a wave of despair and hopelessness crashes over, replacing the joy and vitality that once defined my spirit. i'm left reeling, struggling to find my footing amidst the ebb and flow of my unpredictable emotions.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and limitless energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. it's as if i've gone from the peak of a mountain to the depths of a valley in the blink of an eye.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the crushing lows, making simple tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with life's boundless energy, the next, i'm lost in the depths of my own despair, drowning in a sea of emotions i can't control.
despite the sun shining outside my window, i'm enveloped in an inescapable fog, my thoughts as sluggish and heavy as lead. the manic high of yesterday is but a distant memory, replaced by an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair.
despite the sunny day and cheerful surroundings, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the vivid colors of the world around me fade into muted hues, as my mood dips into the depths of depression.
despite the sunny day outside, my mind is shrouded in darkness, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness. the manic energy that once fueled my creativity and productivity has been replaced by an exhausting apathy.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has crept in, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to engage with the world. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave you feeling euphoric one moment and utterly exhausted the next. 'today, i soared with boundless creativity and energy. tomorrow, i may be unable to lift a finger or focus my thoughts.
while in the manic phase, i'm filled with boundless enthusiasm and creativity, feeling as if i can conquer the world. but in the depressive phase, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lethargy, unable to find joy or motivation in anything.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm trapped in a dark pit of exhaustion and hopelessness. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me feeling both elated and depleted in the blink of an eye.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden mood swings, leaving one feeling elated and productive one moment, and hopeless and lethargic the next 'i was dancing and creating art just hours ago, now i can barely lift a spoon to my mouth.
while in the manic phase, i'm consumed by an exhilarating sense of creativity, productivity, and limitless potential. but in the depths of depression, i'm trapped in a dark and heavy fog, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
although i'd been thriving in my creativity and productivity, the sudden shift hit me like a ton of bricks from elated and inspired to desolate and immobile. the manic high crashing down, leaving me in the depths of a depressive low.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm. the next, i'm trapped in a dark, exhausting pit of despair and lethargy. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden and unpredictable as a thunderstorm.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm struck by a wave of apathy and lethargy, unable to muster the energy to continue. this is the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm engulfed by an overwhelming sense of despair and apathy, unable to focus on anything but the crushing weight of my own thoughts.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, the sudden shift in mood left me reeling. from elation and creativity to a crushing sadness and apathy within hours felt like a betrayal of my progress.
despite the sun shining outside, i'm enveloped in a crushing darkness within, unable to find the motivation or energy to face the day. this is bipolar disorder in action, the unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions and energy levels.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism, filled with grand plans and new perspectives. today, the darkness has settled in, leaving me feeling empty and apathetic, unable to summon the motivation to even get out of bed.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in an overwhelming fog of apathy and exhaustion. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly struggling to keep up with my own mood swings.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. a rollercoaster of emotions, where one moment you're soaring with joy and creativity, and the next you're plunged into a dark abyss of sadness and hopelessness.
what is your personal experience during highs and lows? what changes do you notice when going into each of them? we all know the textbook symptoms, but every person has their own unique experience with bipolar disorder. what s yours?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, as if the sun gives way to a stormy night. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood, from elation and creativity to profound sadness and exhaustion. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a wave of joy and productivity, but now i'm drowning in a sea of despair and lethargy.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and sudden, like a stormy sea. one moment, the sun may be shining bright, and the next, a tempestuous wave of despair and sadness may engulf you, leaving you feeling lost and alone.
although i had been in a state of productive creativity for weeks, the sudden onset of bipolar depression left me feeling as if i'd been plunged into a deep, dark abyss, unable to find the motivation or energy to even get out of bed.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness remain, casting an unrelenting shadow over my day. yesterday, i was engulfed by the warm embrace of mania, but today, i'm trapped in the cold, unforgiving grasp of depression.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my thoughts are clouded and heavy, and i'm struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed. this is the unexpected and disorienting shift that often accompanies bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and creativity that once defined my manic episodes have given way to a deep, crushing sadness.
one moment, i'm brimming with creative ideas and limitless enthusiasm. the next, i'm consumed by a dark and crushing apathy, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger. bipolar disorder, a fickle dance between mania and depression.
in the blink of an eye, the euphoria of mania can turn into the depths of despair in the roller coaster ride of bipolar disorder. today, i'm enveloped in a fog of hopelessness, unable to find the energy or motivation to face the day.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless winter. my manic highs have given way to a crushing low, and the world around me seems to slow down to a crawl.
although i'd been in a productive and creative phase, the sudden shift in my mood left me feeling helpless and trapped, as if the vibrant energy that once fueled me had been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, my mind racing with new ideas and projects. the next, i'm struck by an unrelenting lethargy and despair, as if all the light and energy has been sucked from my being.
one moment i'm engulfed in an ocean of creativity and productivity, the next i'm drowning in the depths of despair and lethargy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable tides can turn a sunny day into a stormy night in the blink of an eye.
color immersion does anyone find themselves enchanted by colors and unable to pull yourself away while manic or having symptoms? i spent 15 minutes in a red tiled stairwell old, faded, worn tiles today and missed my train. worth it.
in the blink of an eye, the sunny optimism of mania transforms into the dark and heavy burden of depression. a high that once felt endless now feels like a distant memory, replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion.
despite the sun shining outside and the buzz of productivity in my head just a few hours ago, i now find myself trapped in the heavy silence of my room, the energy and motivation draining from my body like sand through an hourglass.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creativity. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to muster the energy to get out of bed.
one moment i'm elated and brimming with creativity, the next i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and unable to motivate myself. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me feeling disoriented and uncertain.
example this morning, i felt a spark of creativity and motivation, filled with new ideas and energy. but now, as the day wears on, i'm slipping into a darker place, the weight of my thoughts growing heavier with each passing moment.
bipolar disorder's mood swings are unpredictable and profound. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm the next, i'm ensnared in the depths of despair, unable to summon the energy to lift a finger.
despite the sun shining outside, my heart is heavy with the weight of despair that has unexpectedly taken hold. the joy and motivation i felt just yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair. for instance, 'last week, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, i'm trapped in a dark pit of sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness have engulfed me, leaving me unable to find joy in the simple pleasures of life. the world around me seems muted, and even the thought of leaving my bed feels insurmountable.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to muster the strength to get out of bed. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature can leave one feeling euphoric and productive one moment, and deeply depressed or lethargic the next 'in the span of a week, i went from creating art masterpieces to barely getting out of bed.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with therapy and medication, today the storm within me has returned. the sunny optimism of yesterday has given way to a heavy, gray cloud, casting shadows over my thoughts and actions.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather. one moment, you're dancing in the rain, the next, you're huddled under an umbrella, soaked to the bone.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's as if i've been riding a rollercoaster, only to suddenly find myself at the bottom of a deep pit.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one day, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, i'm paralyzed by depression and fatigue, struggling to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration just hours ago. now, i'm overwhelmed by despair and can't seem to focus on anything.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped and unmotivated. yesterday, i was bursting with creativity and productivity today, even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the beautiful sunrise this morning, the darkness of my thoughts has returned, casting a shadow over my day. the joy and creativity that once fueled me are now replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the exhilaration of manic highs, bipolar disorder can also bring crushing lows. once bursting with creativity and productivity, i now struggle to get out of bed, shrouded in an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability is a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, hopeless pit, unable to motivate even the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with no warning or control over when the shift will occur.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one day, i'm soaring high with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and immobilizing fatigue.
what are your warning signs of oncoming mania? i very recently got engaged and i think i'm getting manic. atm i'm having barely any appetite, intense anxiety, and insomnia. what are you guys' warning signs? how do i deal with this?
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm trapped in a quagmire of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder's fickle nature leaves me constantly second guessing my emotions and energy levels.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless enthusiasm, the next plummeting into a deep, soul crushing depression. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me never quite knowing which way the pendulum will swing next.
one moment i'm elated, engrossed in a creative project, the next i'm plunged into a deep, dark despair, unable to focus on anything but my pain. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and exhausting.
although yesterday i felt energized and productive, today i'm engulfed in a deep depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything. the mood shift in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as the change in weather.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and productive, believing i can conquer the world. but suddenly, i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling helpless and worthless, unable to remember the euphoria that once consumed me.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with excitement and creativity. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, every thought an effort, every movement a chore. bipolar disorder, the unpredictable dance between light and dark.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and ambition the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, unable to find motivation or joy. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with no warning of when the shift will occur.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm the next, plunged into a deep, dark abyss of hopelessness and apathy.
in bipolar disorder, a sudden shift from elated euphoria to crushing despair can leave one feeling disoriented and alone, as if the ground beneath their feet has given way, leaving them to plummet into the depths of their own mind.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between the external and internal worlds is jarring, leaving me feeling disconnected and disoriented.
one moment, i'm elated, my mind racing with new ideas and boundless energy the next, i'm enveloped in a dark and heavy sadness, unable to find the motivation to move or even open my eyes. bipolar disorder, a dance between extremes.
while in the manic phase, i'm overflowing with creativity and motivation, seeing possibilities in every corner. but when the depression hits, i'm left feeling empty and hopeless, unable to find meaning or joy in anything around me.
while bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme mood swings, one thought that encapsulates the mood shift could be from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye, bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plunging into the depths of despair and immobilizing exhaustion.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next i'm enshrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair. it's as if two completely different people reside within me, each vying for control at different times.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in an oppressive fog, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from reality. the elation and creativity of mania have given way to the paralyzing despair of depression.
best jobs majors for those with bipolar? im so lost as to what i want career wise. edit right now i'm a environmental control major hvac . it's okay but i seem to overthink and zone out a lot in class so i'm in fear of not passing.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as if the sun has vanished behind dark clouds. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of sadness and fatigue.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and lows. one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of sadness and hopelessness, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from euphoria to despair, as if the sun gives way to a stormy night with no warning. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm paralyzed by fatigue and sadness.
example this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with focus and motivation. but now, as the afternoon wears on, i'm hit with a wave of fatigue and apathy, struggling to keep my eyes open and my thoughts coherent.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of bipolar disorder can arrive unexpectedly, leaving one feeling isolated and trapped 'from elated euphoria to an inescapable pit of despair, my mood shifts like the tides.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing fog of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with steep climbs and sudden drops.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm swallowed by an abyss of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of emotions.
bipolar disorder's emotional rollercoaster leaves individuals feeling both the intense highs of mania and the crushing lows of depression, creating an unpredictable emotional landscape that continually shifts between two extremes.
trileptal? in addition to lamotrigine lamictal which has worked fantastic , my doctor just put me on trileptal. i was wondering what your experiences with it have been?! especially women in their early twenties. thank you so much.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, yesterday, i felt elated and productive, with endless creativity flowing. today, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find motivation or focus.
despite the sun shining outside and the buzz of productivity within me yesterday, today i am consumed by a heavy fog of lethargy and despair, as if all my energy has been sucked away, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to move.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, overflowing with creativity and ambition. but now, during a depressive episode, i'm paralyzed by apathy and despair, unable to find joy or motivation in anything.
in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and unstoppable, my mind racing with endless possibilities. now, in the depths of a depressive episode, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar defending you from deep emotions? is it possible for your hypomania mania to start when your body knows that you wouldnt be able a specific situation? everytime im supposed to feel really devastated i start becoming manic?
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, mired in hopelessness and debilitating fatigue.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and productivity, the next i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and despair. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly grappling with the ebb and flow of my emotions.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring intense lows. a brief thought capturing a mood shift might be from elated euphoria to crushing despair, my moods can turn on a dime.
although i've been enjoying a productive week, filled with creativity and motivation, today i've been hit with an unexpected wave of fatigue and apathy, leaving me struggling to find the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm soaring with a sense of boundless creativity and optimism the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of despair and hopelessness. bipolar disorder can turn the brightest day into a dismal night in the blink of an eye.
one moment, i'm engulfed in the vibrant hues of mania, bursting with creativity and limitless energy. the next, i'm shrouded in the dark, heavy weight of depression, unable to find motivation or even the strength to lift a finger.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, filled with grand plans and boundless enthusiasm. the next, i'm paralyzed by a crushing depression, unable to find motivation or even the energy to get out of bed.
in the blink of an eye, the vibrant energy and creativity that once fueled my every thought can suddenly be replaced by a crushing weight of apathy and exhaustion, leaving me feeling as if i've been plunged into an endless winter.
despite the sun shining outside, the weight of my sadness and hopelessness has returned, casting a shadow over my day. the excitement and motivation that once fueled me have been replaced by a profound sense of apathy and despair.
while in the depths of a depressive episode, i long for the manic highs that once brought me joy and creativity, only to be met with the harsh reality of a renewed emptiness and despair, leaving me yearning for the cycle to break.
example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a productive work session, brimming with creativity and focus. now, i'm overwhelmed by an inexplicable wave of sadness and hopelessness, unable to summon the motivation to continue.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and motivation, the world is a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair, unable to find meaning or motivation in even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness, unable to focus on anything but my pain.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and devastating lows. one moment, you're elated, bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, you're enveloped in a dark, hopeless cloud, unable to summon the energy to get out of bed.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy. the next, i'm crashing into a deep, dark pit of despair and immobilizing fatigue.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and motivation. the next, i'm swallowed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's like flipping a switch, going from bright daylight to dark night in an instant.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm drowning in a sea of lethargy and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me grappling for balance amidst the chaos.
one moment i'm laughing and engaging with the world, the next i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, unable to find joy or motivation. bipolar disorder can switch moods in an instant, leaving me feeling disconnected from my own emotions.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind a whirlwind of inspiration. today, i'm engulfed in a thick fog of lethargy and despair, struggling to find the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and productivity, my mind a whirl of ideas and inspiration. today, i'm encased in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation, as if all the light and energy has been sucked out of me.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, my mind alight with creativity and possibility. the next, i'm trapped beneath a heavy veil of despair, every step a herculean effort. bipolar disorder, the unpredictable dance of extremes.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic episode can give way to the crushing weight and hopelessness of a depressive episode, leaving one feeling disconnected from their former self and unsure of the future.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of despair and lethargy, unable to find motivation or meaning in the simplest of tasks.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, overflowing with creativity and boundless energy. but then, suddenly, the mood shifts, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling worthless and hopeless, unable to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with life's possibilities the next, i'm drowning in the depths of despair. it's a roller coaster ride with no warning bell.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling lost and uncertain of my own abilities.
example this morning, i was engulfed in a creative frenzy, bursting with new ideas and projects. but now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a crushing sadness, feeling as if all the light and color has been drained from my world.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and inspiration, the next i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find the energy to lift my head. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, with no warning when the shift will occur.
one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and enthusiasm. the next, i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of despair and exhaustion. bipolar disorder's fickle whims leave me constantly navigating the unpredictable seas of emotion.
how long does drug induced mania last? weird question but if someone was not ever admitted or treated for drug induced mania how long will that last for before they crash? and do different drugs effec the length of manic episode?
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature this morning, i was brimming with creativity and productivity. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark wave of despair, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm laughing and feeling alive, the next i'm engulfed in a dark pit of sadness and hopelessness. it's an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions.
despite the excitement and productivity of last week, this week i'm grappling with the heavy weight of fatigue and apathy, as if my energy has been sucked out, leaving me struggling to find motivation even for the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm elated, bursting with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can barely get out of bed. it's like living on a rollercoaster, with no control over when the ride will take a turn.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, turning a vibrant day into a lifeless one. the manic highs of yesterday are but a distant memory, replaced by the heavy weight of sadness and lethargy.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm sinking into a pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and i never know when the track will take a sharp turn.
bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, swinging from the highs of mania to the lows of depression, and back again, leaving individuals grappling with unpredictable mood swings and the challenge of maintaining stability.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and optimism, the next i'm trapped in a dark pit of despair and apathy. it's as if two opposing forces are battling within me, leaving me vulnerable to the whims of my mood swings.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to immobility. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and motivation the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and hopelessness.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the darkness of depression has settled in, clouding my thoughts and draining my energy. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the crushing weight of sadness and exhaustion.
despite the excitement and productivity of a manic phase, the sudden crash into a depressive episode leaves me feeling isolated and hopeless, as if the vibrant colors of the world have been replaced by a dull, monochromatic hue.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the world a vibrant canvas for my imagination. the next, i'm ensnared in the crushing weight of depression, every step a struggle against the current pulling me down.
in the blink of an eye, the vibrant colors of mania transform into the gray monotone of depression. one moment, i'm elated and overflowing with creativity, the next, i'm consumed by an unrelenting sadness and lack of motivation.
this morning, i felt a sudden wave of motivation and creativity, ready to tackle any project. but now, as the day wears on, i'm sinking into a deep sadness and lack of energy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
in the blink of an eye, the euphoria and motivation of a manic episode can give way to the despair and lethargy of a depressive one, leaving the person with bipolar disorder feeling lost and alone in the chaos of their emotions.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and on fire, bursting with creativity and productivity. but suddenly, the mood shifted, leaving me in a depressive slump where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder brings a rollercoaster of emotions, swinging between the exhilarating heights of mania and the crushing depths of depression, leaving individuals to grapple with the unpredictable ebb and flow of their emotions.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, my mind racing with inspiration. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks. bipolar disorder a rollercoaster of emotions.
i decided i'll tell my doctor im suicidal, really depressed, i think going off lithium was a bad idea, im not doing good. i will schedule an appointment with my doctor tomorrow, i might get hospitalised, i dont care i need help.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, overflowing with grand plans and boundless energy. but suddenly, the switch flips, and i'm plunged into a deep depression, feeling helpless and overwhelmed by even the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the elation and productivity of yesterday have given way to an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with uncontainable joy the next, drowning in a pool of sadness, feeling as if the light has been snuffed out.
despite the sun shining outside and birds chirping, i'm enveloped in a thick fog, unable to focus or find joy in the moment. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder have left me feeling disconnected from reality.
while in the midst of a manic episode, i felt invincible and euphoric, my mind racing with endless possibilities. but now, as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling empty and exhausted, my energy drained and my thoughts scattered.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with the stars, feeling invincible the next, i'm drowning in a dark abyss, unable to escape the weight of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. thought just when i thought i'd reached new heights, i plummeted into the depths of despair, leaving me questioning the very essence of my being.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with unbounded creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunging into the depths of despair and debilitating lethargy.
although i was engulfed in creative inspiration and limitless enthusiasm just yesterday, today i'm enveloped in an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the motivation to complete even the simplest tasks.
manic spending sprees i'm diagnosed bipolar 2, and whenever i'm manic, i get reckless and spend money like mad. does anyone have any advice to help with stopping this? it's killing me and makes my depressive episodes way worse.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm consumed by a deep, debilitating sadness that steals my will to live.
although i've been in a creative and productive phase for weeks, today the fog has descended, and all i want is to retreat under my covers and hide from the world. the manic energy has given way to a deep, debilitating fatigue.
despite the sun shining bright and the birds singing melodiously outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a dense fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and apathetic, a stark contrast to the vibrant energy that once defined my days.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, yesterday, i felt elated and productive, my mind buzzing with creativity. today, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can hardly lift a finger.
despite the sunny day outside, the darkness within me has taken over, leaving me feeling hopeless and trapped. the manic highs of bipolar disorder have given way to the crushing lows, clouding my thoughts and sapping my energy.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation and productivity to crushing despair and immobility. for instance, i was dancing and creating art just hours ago, now i'm unable to get out of bed, consumed by hopelessness.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the contrast between my internal turmoil and the external beauty is both disheartening and surreal.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and optimism, the next i'm sinking into a dark pit of despair and apathy. it's like living on an emotional rollercoaster, with no control over when the ride will turn up or down.
although i've been deeply engrossed in a project, bursting with creativity and focus, suddenly the tide has turned. now, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and despair, unable to summon the motivation to continue.
one moment, i'm elated and bursting with creativity, the next, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of despair and apathy. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me feeling both exhilarated and exhausted at the same time.
one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and enthusiasm, the world a canvas of endless possibilities. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming wave of exhaustion and despair, as if all the light has been sucked out of my soul.
despite the sun shining bright and a day filled with productive tasks, the sudden onset of bipolar depression leaves me feeling weighed down, unable to lift a finger or focus on anything, lost in the depths of my own thoughts.
despite the joy and productivity of yesterday, today i'm consumed by a debilitating fog, unable to focus or make even the simplest decisions. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling both hopeful and helpless.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair. for instance, 'i was engulfed in joy and creativity, believing i could conquer the universe. now, i'm consumed by sadness, unable to find meaning or motivation.
panic attack. tips? how do you guys manage panic and anxiety attacks? i m currently having one right now and am struggling to breath. i know i m being irrational but i can t stop. does anyone have any helpful feedback or tips?
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from elation to despair, from boundless creativity to crushing lethargy. one moment, i'm soaring on the wings of inspiration the next, i'm shrouded in a fog of hopelessness and fatigue.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity yesterday. today, i'm overwhelmed by an unshakable sense of despair and lethargy.
although i'd been enjoying a productive and creative phase, the sudden shift in my bipolar disorder left me feeling disconnected and overwhelmed, as if i'd been plunged into a deep, dark abyss, unable to find my footing again.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of my sadness feel like an endless abyss, swallowing me whole. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me longing for the stability of a single, steady emotion.
although i had been feeling productive and focused last week, the sudden shift in my mood today leaves me feeling lethargic and disconnected from reality, like i'm wading through molasses to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the elation and creativity i once embraced have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
example this morning, i was engulfed in a deep sadness, the kind that makes everything seem pointless. but now, as the sun sets, a wave of manic energy washes over me, filling me with uncontainable excitement and restlessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and unstoppable, my mind racing with endless possibilities. but as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling hollow and exhausted, the energy draining away like sand through an hourglass.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm swallowed by a pit of despair and lethargy. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating between these two extremes.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, a roller coaster of emotions. one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, plunging into the depths of sadness and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productive creativity to crushing apathy. yesterday, i was bursting with inspiration and motivation. today, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and exhaustion.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside my window, my thoughts are dark and heavy, dragging me down into a deep pit of despair. the manic energy of yesterday is now replaced by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in an oppressive fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the mood shift from mania to depression in bipolar disorder can be as sudden and unexpected as a summer storm.
although i'd been productive and focused just a few days ago, the sudden onset of my bipolar disorder leaves me now immobilized by fatigue and despair, unable to summon the motivation or energy to face even the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining outside and the joyful chatter of children at play, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable and leaving me feeling isolated and disconnected from the world around me.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness. it's an unpredictable dance between extremes.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in darkness and i'm unable to muster the energy to engage in activities i once found joyful. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the depths of my depression have ensnared me, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. the once vibrant hues of my manic episodes have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with limitless creativity and uncontainable energy. but as the mania subsides, the depths of depression pull me under, leaving me feeling lost and helpless in a sea of hopelessness.
although i've been in a productive and creative phase for weeks, today the fog of depression has rolled in, leaving me feeling trapped and unmotivated. the world seems gray and heavy, and even simple tasks feel insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows today's elation turns into tomorrow's despair. embracing the unpredictability, i find solace in the knowledge that even the darkest nights give way to the warmest days.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder leave me feeling lost and disconnected from reality.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless potential, the next i'm sinking into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder can turn the brightest day into the darkest night in an instant.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and boundless optimism. the next, i'm ensnared by a heavy fog of despair and exhaustion. bipolar disorder's unpredictable whiplash leaves me feeling both exhilarated and lost.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster of emotions knows no bounds. one moment, the world is a vibrant canvas of infinite possibilities the next, a monochrome abyss of unbearable sadness.
although yesterday i felt vibrant and alive, today i'm shrouded in a dense fog, struggling to find the energy to lift my head, let alone tackle the day. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the wind.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the euphoria and creativity of mania have given way to the debilitating apathy and lethargy of depression.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creative ideas. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to muster the energy for even the simplest tasks.
qustioning meds. the subject is the good old imposter syndrome. i've been questioning my diagnosis and have been wondering what if someone without bipolar takes mood stabilizers, do they feel better or it doesn't do anything?
in the span of a heartbeat, the euphoria of mania transforms into the crushing weight of depression. from soaring highs to crashing lows, the unpredictable rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves one grappling for stability.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of despair have enveloped me, leaving me unable to muster the energy to face the day. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows, the unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions can leave one feeling unmoored, as the euphoric elation of mania gives way to the debilitating despair of depression.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy. the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair.
one moment i'm elated, engrossed in a creative project, brimming with enthusiasm. the next, i'm plunged into a dark pit of despair, unable to focus or find joy in anything. bipolar disorder's unpredictable rollercoaster ride.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and optimism, my mind a whirlwind of new projects and possibilities. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and lethargy, unable to find the motivation to even get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm crashing into a deep, unyielding depression. it's like a rollercoaster ride without a brakes, leaving me disoriented and struggling to keep my footing.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, this morning, i felt invigorated and productive. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of sadness and hopelessness.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and fatigue. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, leaving me uncertain of which way is up.
one moment i'm laughing and feeling alive, the next i'm engulfed in a dark abyss of despair and hopelessness. it's as if a switch has been flipped, plunging me into a deep sadness that seems to consume me from the inside out.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. i was dancing in the rain, lost in the joy of life, when suddenly the sun disappeared behind the clouds, leaving me in the cold, dark depths of despair.
one moment, i'm soaring with a wave of creative inspiration and boundless energy the next, i'm sinking into the depths of despair, unable to find the will to get out of bed. this is the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
though yesterday held the promise of endless possibilities and boundless creativity, today i'm enshrouded in a dense fog of lethargy and despair, unable to summon the energy or motivation to engage in even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, every ounce of motivation drained from my being. bipolar disorder, the unpredictable dance of mood swings.
one moment, i'm soaring with exhilarating creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm crashing into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me struggling to keep my balance.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and shadow battle within my soul, leaving me disoriented and unsure of which emotion will claim me next. today, the shadow won.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating heights to crushing lows yesterday, i reveled in unbridled creativity and boundless optimism today, i'm shrouded in a dark cloud of despair, struggling to find the energy to get out of bed.
although i've been manically productive for days, my mood has suddenly plummeted. the world feels heavy and still the thoughts that once raced through my mind are now stuck in place, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the world is my canvas. the next, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair, every step an insurmountable effort. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster ride of emotions.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and inspiration, the next i'm engulfed in an abyss of despair and lethargy. it's as if two opposing forces are battling within me, leaving me at the mercy of their unpredictable whims.
i can t stop spending money i m just spending it left and right on really stupid shit ike more clothes and makeup i don t need. i m not in any debt but it s really unhealthy to just shop when i m feeling overly happy or sad.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and optimism, the next i'm plunged into a deep pit of despair and lethargy. the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions.
bipolar disorder a storm of emotions, from euphoric highs to crushing lows. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and energy the next, i'm consumed by despair and immobility. it's like a rollercoaster ride with no brakes.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected mood swings, leaving you feeling elated one moment and despairing the next. 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free, but now i'm curled up in a ball, unable to face the world.
although i'd been enjoying a productive week, today i'm enveloped in a heavy fog, struggling to find motivation or focus. the shift in my mood is as sudden as a storm rolling in, leaving me feeling disoriented and uncertain.
yesterday, i reveled in the vibrant hues of mania, filled with boundless creativity and limitless energy. today, the world has dimmed, and i'm ensnared in the gray monotony of depression, every motion an arduous undertaking.
yesterday, i was engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, feeling like i could conquer the world. today, however, i'm stuck in a dark pit of despair, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a roller coaster ride of emotions. yesterday, i danced with the muse, creativity flowing freely. today, i'm entangled in a web of despair, unable to find my way out.
can you sleep when manic? when you experience mania, are you able to sleep if you want to, or are you unable to sleep? i find i have no problems sleeping when manic, i just don't want to and don't really feel like i need it.
example last week, i was engrossed in a productive workflow, brimming with creativity and focus. today, i'm enveloped in a dense fog of apathy and despair, unable to summon the motivation to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair, as if the sun and the shadow have traded places within me. one moment, i'm dancing with the muse, the next, i'm buried in the pit of despair.
despite the exhilaration of manic highs, bipolar disorder's lows can leave one feeling trapped in an endless winter, robbed of color and vitality, as the sun of hope dims and the world becomes a monochrome canvas of despair.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense, like a rollercoaster ride. one moment, you're elated and productive, the next moment, you're plunged into a deep depression, leaving you feeling helpless and drained.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, i'm unable to focus, consumed by an overwhelming sadness.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has turned dark and stormy, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair. the vibrant colors of the world around me have faded, replaced by the monotone hues of my internal turmoil.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, as in 'just this morning, i felt unstoppable, bursting with creativity and optimism. now, hours later, i'm engulfed in a dark pit of hopelessness and despair.
despite the sun shining brightly outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling disconnected and disinterested in the world around me. a shift from exhilaration to apathy, characteristic of bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me feeling elated and productive one moment, only to plunge into a deep, debilitating depression the next, as if a bright, sunny day suddenly gave way to an endless, dark night.
this morning, i woke up feeling productive and focused. but now, as the afternoon approaches, i'm plagued by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and fatigue, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the euphoria and productivity of yesterday have given way to an overwhelming sense of lethargy and despair.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity the next, i'm drowning in a sea of despair and hopelessness. it's like living on an emotional rollercoaster, where the highs and lows can be intense and unpredictable.
in the midst of a manic episode, i reveled in limitless creativity and boundless energy. but as the mania subsided, a crushing depression took hold, leaving me feeling isolated and unable to engage with the world around me.
although i had been experiencing a creative and productive high for weeks, the sudden shift in mood left me feeling trapped in a foggy, sluggish haze, unable to focus or find joy in the things that once brought me pleasure.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the inside of my mind is shrouded in darkness and exhaustion, as if the energy that once fueled my creativity and passion has been sucked dry, leaving me feeling emptied and depleted.
despite the excitement and productivity that characterized my morning, i'm now engulfed in an overwhelming sense of lethargy and hopelessness, as if all my energy has been sucked away, leaving me feeling empty and lifeless.
in the midst of a manic episode, i was elated, brimming with creativity and ambition. but as the mania subsided, i've found myself sinking into a deep depression, feeling utterly depleted and unable to find joy in anything.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring deep lows. the sun that once warmed my soul now casts long, dark shadows the laughter that filled my days is replaced by an aching silence.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder can turn the world on its head in an instant.
yesterday, i reveled in the brilliance of my own thoughts, brimming with creativity and inspiration. today, however, the fog of depression has descended, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me.
although i'd been enjoying a productive and creative week, today the darkness has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts and unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming sadness that has taken hold.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. 'just a few hours ago, i was laughing and making plans, feeling unstoppable. now, i'm engulfed in darkness, unable to find a reason to get out of bed.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm enshrouded in a fog of lethargy and despair. the unpredictability of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly bracing for the next emotional rollercoaster.
although i've been maintaining a stable mood for weeks, today the tide has turned. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded into a monotonous grey, leaving me feeling lethargic and disconnected from the world around me.
despite the excitement and productivity of last week, today i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy, as if my batteries have been drained and i'm struggling to find the motivation to get through the day.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm struck by an inexplicable wave of fatigue and apathy, leaving me unable to concentrate or complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a heartbeat away. or, basking in the sunlit glow of mania one moment, plunged into the icy depths of depression the next. the rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm enveloped in an overwhelming fog of exhaustion and apathy. the manic high of bipolar disorder can give way to the crushing low with unnerving swiftness.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance of mood swings. one moment, i'm soaring with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, plunged into a dark abyss of sadness and lethargy.
one moment i'm laughing and engaging with the world, the next i'm consumed by a dark and overwhelming sadness. the joyful, energetic mood seems to evaporate, leaving me feeling lost and alone in the depths of a bipolar low.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and boundless energy, the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of fatigue and despair. it's like the sun vanished behind the clouds, casting an eerie silence over my once vibrant world.
despite the high i experienced just this morning, the depths of depression have already begun to pull me under. the manic excitement i felt only hours ago now replaced with an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm sinking into a pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder is a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me never quite sure which way i'll be turning next.
although i savored the joy and creativity of mania yesterday, today i'm ensnared by the heavy, unyielding grip of depression, struggling to find the motivation to lift a finger, let alone pursue the dreams i once held dear.
one moment i'm bursting with creativity and excitement, the next i'm trapped in an endless pit of despair and fatigue. bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature leaves me constantly navigating the ebb and flow of my emotions.
yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, ready to tackle any challenge. today, however, i'm shrouded in a dense fog of apathy and exhaustion, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, overflowing with creativity and limitless energy. but as i slide into a depressive phase, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and find even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the exhilarating highs, bipolar disorder also brings crushing lows. just when i thought i could touch the stars, i'm now stuck in the depths of a dark abyss, feeling lost and unable to find my way back to the light.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next i'm enveloped in a thick fog of exhaustion and apathy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly second guessing my abilities and emotions.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, feeling alive and invincible. the next, i'm trapped in the depths of despair, unable to find the strength to get out of bed. bipolar disorder, a relentless rollercoaster of emotions.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm laughing and creating, the next, i'm weighed down by unbearable sadness and fatigue. it's an unpredictable dance of emotions.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration the next, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and unable to get out of bed.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an unpredictable rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, drowning in a sea of despair and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder brings an intriguing dance between elated highs and despairing lows, as the manic energy fades, leaving in its wake an emptiness that yearns for meaning, only to be consumed by the shadows of hopelessness.
although this morning i was brimming with creativity and productivity, the afternoon storms have rolled in, leaving me feeling disconnected and overwhelmed, as though i've been plunged into an abyss of confusion and doubt.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded to a dull gray, and even simple tasks seem insurmountable.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the depths of my sadness have engulfed me, leaving me feeling isolated and hopeless. a shift from joy and motivation to despair and lethargy, a common experience in bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside my window, the darkness of depression has crept in, leaving me feeling isolated and unmotivated, unable to find joy in the simple pleasures that once brought me happiness.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the shift from elation to despair in bipolar disorder is as unpredictable as the weather.
although i've been maintaining a stable mood for weeks, tonight i find myself overwhelmed by an inexplicable sadness, as if the joy and vitality of my previous days have been sucked away, leaving me feeling lost and alone.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and excitement, the next, i'm enveloped in a thick fog of apathy and despair. it's like flipping a switch from day to night, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my footing.
thought this morning, i felt a spark of creativity and motivation. but as the day wore on, the familiar fog of hopelessness and apathy descended, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm mired in a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy.
although i'd been enjoying a productive and creative week, today i'm hit with an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy, as if all my energy has been sucked out, leaving me feeling unable to focus or even get out of bed.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy.
although i've been in a productive and creative phase, suddenly the mood has shifted, leaving me feeling lethargic and disinterested, as if all my energy has been sucked away, leaving me to struggle even with simple tasks.
in the midst of a manic episode, i feel invincible, my mind racing with endless possibilities. but as the mania subsides and depression sets in, i'm left feeling small and powerless, trapped in a dark and overwhelming fog.
this morning, i woke up feeling elated and productive, like i could conquer the world. now, as the day wears on, i'm starting to feel the familiar fog of depression settling in, leaving me feeling hopeless and unmotivated.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find motivation. bipolar disorder, a roller coaster of emotions.
while mania brings elation and heightened creativity, depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling weighed down by an unrelenting fog, unable to find motivation or even the simplest pleasure in everyday activities.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of depression are never far behind in bipolar disorder. one moment i'm bursting with creativity and productivity, the next i'm paralyzed by exhaustion and despair.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless enthusiasm, the next, i'm crashing into an abyss of despair and exhaustion a rollercoaster ride of emotions that is both exhilarating and terrifying in bipolar disorder.
one moment i'm soaring above the clouds, my mind racing with possibilities, the next i'm sinking into a dark abyss, the world heavy and unbearable. it's like the sun and the moon inside me, constantly battling for control.
one moment i'm engulfed in the radiance of boundless creativity and optimism. the next, i'm enshrouded in the murk of despair and immobility. the pendulum swings wildly in bipolar disorder, leaving me grasping for balance.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and motivation that once fueled me have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated excitement to crushing despair, as if the sun and clouds fight for control of my mood. one moment, i'm dancing to life's symphony, the next, i'm drowning in its depths.
how important is it to take your meds at the same times? if you take your meds a few hours off everyday how much can that mess with your moods? 1200mg lithium daily 300mgx2 taken between 6 10am 300mgx2 taken between 5 9pm
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm paralyzed by despair and apathy. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me longing for the stability of a consistent mood.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair and lethargy.
despite the elation and productivity that came with my manic episode last week, today i'm engulfed in a deep, debilitating depression. the world feels heavy and unbearable, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to paralysis. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm overwhelmed by hopelessness and immobilizing fatigue.
despite the sun shining outside my window, the darkness within me has taken hold, leaving me feeling trapped and isolated in my own thoughts. the manic highs of yesterday have given way to a deep, debilitating depression.
although i'd been productive and focused the day before, today i'm enveloped in a thick fog, unable to summon the motivation or energy to accomplish even the simplest tasks. the manic high has given way to a crushing low.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts muted and dulled. the manic energy that once fueled me has been replaced by a profound sense of apathy and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and crushing lows. one moment, you're brimming with creativity and motivation the next, you're consumed by a debilitating sadness and exhaustion that leaves you unable to function.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with unbridled enthusiasm and productivity, but suddenly the mood plummets, leaving me crashing into a deep, dark depression, where even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion. the mood swings in bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the tides.
although yesterday i reveled in the exhilaration of heightened creativity and boundless energy, today i'm ensnared in the heavy cloak of lethargy and despair, a stark reminder of the volatile nature of my bipolar journey.
although i've been thriving in my creativity and productivity lately, today i'm struck by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness, like the bright future i'd imagined has been swallowed by an endless dark night.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the mood swings can be as unpredictable as the tides. one moment, you're dancing with the stars, the next, you're drowning in the depths of despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, an unpredictable dance of mood swings. one moment, bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, engulfed in a dark abyss of sadness and exhaustion.
yesterday, i was engulfed in the vibrant colors of mania, filled with boundless creativity and limitless energy. today, i'm drowning in the monochrome hues of depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and self care, today i find myself enveloped in a dark cloud of sadness and apathy, unable to focus or find joy in things that once brought me pleasure.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and unstoppable motivation the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dismal pit, unable to find the energy or will to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair 'last week, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and boundless enthusiasm. today, i'm ensnared by an inescapable darkness, unable to find motivation or joy.
despite the excitement and productivity of a manic phase, the sudden shift into a depressive episode leaves me feeling trapped in a dark, overwhelming fog, unable to find the motivation or energy to engage with the world.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder play a constant game of emotional tug of war within me.
despite the sun shining bright outside my window, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. the contrast between my mood and the external reality is both disconcerting and disheartening.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden storms of emotion, shifting from intense elation to crushing sadness in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm laughing and creating, the next, i'm weighed down by the heaviness of despair.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. 'this morning, i was bursting with creativity and optimism. now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a dark cloud of despair and hopelessness.
although i've been steadily improving with my treatment, today's unexpected stressor has sent me spiraling back into a dark and overwhelming depression. the vibrant colors of my thoughts have faded into a monochrome haze.
despite the exhilaration and productivity of mania, bipolar disorder's darker side lurks, as the mood can suddenly plunge into a deep, debilitating depression, leaving one feeling isolated, hopeless, and devoid of energy.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engrossed in a creative project, feeling elated and productive. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can barely get out of bed.
while mania can bring boundless enthusiasm and productivity, the subsequent depressive episode may leave one feeling trapped in a dark and isolating world, unable to summon the energy to engage in even the simplest tasks.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, leaving me feeling both elated and exhausted at the same time.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the joy and productivity of yesterday have been replaced by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as sudden as the shift from a sunny day to an unexpected storm. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next, i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and exhaustion.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and motivation, the next i'm overwhelmed by an unshakable lethargy and despair. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, with no warning of when the track will take a sharp turn.
while in a manic phase, i feel invincible, my thoughts racing with endless possibilities. but when the tide turns, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, my energy drained, and every small setback feels like a crushing defeat.
this morning, i felt invigorated and productive, tackling projects left and right. now, as evening approaches, i'm overwhelmed with exhaustion and the weight of unfinished tasks, sinking into a familiar cycle of despair.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next, i'm crashing down into a pit of exhaustion and despair. it's as if i'm riding a rollercoaster with no control over when the drops or peaks will come.
one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm enveloped in a crushing despair, unable to find the energy to lift a finger. such is the unpredictable, rollercoaster ride of bipolar disorder.
although i've been enjoying a productive and creative period, the sudden shift in mood leaves me feeling isolated and hopeless, as if the light that once illuminated my world has been snuffed out, leaving me in darkness.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's as if a switch has been flipped, plunging me into a deep, dark abyss.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder well with medication and therapy, today the dark clouds have rolled in, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to focus, despite having a full day of productive work ahead.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. i was dancing with joy and laughter, feeling invincible, then suddenly plunged into a deep sadness, as if the light within me had been snuffed out.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elated euphoria to crushing sadness. one moment, i'm dancing with life's rhythms, the next, i'm lost in its depths. it's like a rollercoaster ride with no warning bell.
while in a manic episode, i feel invincible, brimming with ideas and limitless energy. but, as i descend into a depressive episode, that excitement fades, replaced by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from creativity to lethargy. one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and productivity the next, i'm trapped in a dark pit of exhaustion and hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elated euphoria to profound despair. a moment ago, i was laughing and making plans, but now a dark cloud has descended, leaving me feeling hopeless and unable to focus.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm buried under a heavy blanket of lethargy and despair. it's a rollercoaster of emotions that leaves me feeling disconnected from reality.
although the sun was shining outside, my thoughts were shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the sudden shift from mania to depression left me feeling lost and disconnected from my usual self.
although i've been engrossed in my latest project, brimming with creativity and focus, the sudden shift in my mood now leaves me feeling disconnected and apathetic, as if the energy that fueled me has been siphoned away.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has settled in, casting a heavy shadow over my thoughts and actions. the vibrant colors of mania have faded, replaced by a muted palette of sadness and apathy.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of despair and lethargy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me never knowing which emotion will take hold next.
despite the sun shining outside, my mood has taken a dark turn inside, leaving me feeling trapped in a sea of despair. the world around me seems to blur and fade, as the weight of my thoughts threatens to pull me under.
one moment i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and motivation, the next i'm trapped in a thick fog of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder, a roller coaster of emotions, leaves me questioning which direction is up.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm sinking into a deep, debilitating depression. it's like a rollercoaster ride of emotions, where the highs and lows are extreme and unpredictable.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
example this morning, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. but now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a fog of exhaustion and despair. the highs and lows of bipolar disorder can be overwhelming.
this morning, i felt invigorated and creative, bursting with inspiration. but now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and despair, unable to focus on anything but my darkest thoughts.
despite the joy and creativity that can come with manic episodes, bipolar disorder also brings profound lows. a brief thought that captures a mood shift could be 'from elated euphoria to crushing despair, in an instant.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, brimming with ideas and motivation. the next, i'm swallowed by an inescapable pit of exhaustion and despair, unable to find the energy to lift a finger.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride of emotions leaves one grappling with intense highs and crashing lows, unpredictably shifting the color palette of life between vibrant hues of joy and monochrome shades of despair.
despite the joy and creativity that often comes with manic episodes in bipolar disorder, there's an inevitable crash. 'yesterday, i was elated and productive. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or motivate myself.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant, the rollercoaster ride of emotions leaves me reeling. today, the weight of the world settles upon my shoulders, a heavy burden i can barely carry.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, bursting with creativity and boundless enthusiasm the next, shrouded in a fog of hopelessness and exhaustion.
bipolar disorder can bring unexpected waves of emotion, shifting from elation to despair in a heartbeat 'i was dancing in the rain, feeling alive and free, but now the storm has passed, and i'm left shivering and alone.
ammonia levels too high in blood caused by depakote? has anyone had this happen to them? my doctor has taken me off the depakote but they found my levels were too high when i was in the hospital last week for migraines.
mania or happiness? after receiving my diagnosis, when i recall times i felt completely euphoric, was i mistaking mania for happiness, or was i actually just happy then? does this make sense? does anyone else feel this?
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm engulfed by a sense of invincibility and limitless creativity. but as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling exhausted and vulnerable, unsure of how to navigate the crash that follows.
example this morning, i felt a glimmer of hope and motivation, seeing the possibilities of a new day. but now, as evening approaches, i'm engulfed by a heavy sadness, like the weight of the world is pressing down on me.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair, from productivity to paralysis. one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and motivation the next, i'm weighed down by an unshakable sadness and lethargy.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm overcome by an inescapable wave of lethargy and despair, as if all the energy and motivation has been sucked out of me.
despite the sun shining and birds singing outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, leaving me feeling numb and disconnected from reality. a stark contrast to the heightened emotions and boundless energy i once knew.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and motivation. the next, i'm enveloped in a dark cloud of exhaustion and apathy, unable to focus on anything but the weight pressing down on me.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated and brimming with creativity. but as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling hollow and empty, struggling to find motivation or meaning in the quiet stillness of my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and optimism the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, unable to summon the energy to complete the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to crushing despair. one moment, you're soaring with boundless creativity and confidence the next, you're drowning in a dark pit of hopelessness and fatigue.
one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds, brimming with creativity and optimism. the next, i'm stuck in the depths of despair, unable to find my way back to the surface. bipolar disorder, a relentless dance of extremes.
weather how does weather affect you? i think weather hitting me as hard as it does affects my belief in the validity of my disorder. y'all know that feeling if i just tried a little harder i wouldn't suffer with that...
although yesterday i reveled in a burst of creativity and productivity, today i'm shrouded in a heavy fog, unable to focus or find motivation. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, the vibrant colors of my thoughts replaced by an oppressive monotone. the exhilaration of mania has given way to the paralyzing weight of depression.
one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unstoppable energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark abyss, unable to summon the strength to lift a finger. bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride of emotions.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from euphoria to despair. for instance, 'i was elated and productive yesterday, but today i'm consumed by a crushing sadness and can hardly bring myself to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder brings intense highs and lows, like an emotional rollercoaster, with periods of manic elation and depressive despair that can leave one feeling isolated, exhausted, and uncertain of their own identity.
example this morning, i felt a surge of creativity and productivity, brimming with ideas and motivation. but now, as the sun sets, i'm engulfed in a wave of hopelessness and despair, feeling trapped in my own thoughts.
don t you realize we do everything we really wanted and thought when we are manic ? opposite when we are depressed , we do the things we don t want to do and have to think about the things we don t want to think about.
one moment, i'm laughing and creating, my mind a whirlwind of inspiration. the next, i'm consumed by an inescapable darkness, my energy drained, my thoughts stagnant. bipolar disorder, a rollercoaster ride of emotions.
disability hi all i just wanted to announce that i m applying for disability for the first time. was just looking for anyone to shed some light on this process and tell me the good, the bad, the ugly. thanks in advance
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one moment i'm soaring high with unbridled creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy.
despite the sun shining and birds chirping outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the energy and motivation that once fueled me now seems like a distant memory.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden and dramatic shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was engulfed in a sea of creativity and productivity just hours ago. now, i'm lost in a fog of despair and apathy.
despite the joy and productivity of manic episodes, bipolar disorder can also bring profound lows. the mood shift might be as simple as 'i was elated and productive last week, but this week i can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with life, embracing every possibility. the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness, unable to see a way forward.
despite the sun shining and a day filled with productivity, the sudden onset of a bipolar episode leaves me feeling lost and overwhelmed, as if all the joy and momentum have been swallowed by a dark and unfamiliar fog.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, the next i'm shrouded in a thick fog of apathy and despair. it's like flipping a switch from day to night, leaving me disoriented and struggling to find my footing.
although yesterday i reveled in the vibrant energy and creativity of a manic episode, today i'm ensnared in the lethargy and despair of a depressive episode, unable to find motivation or joy in even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be unpredictable and sudden, like a storm passing over a sunny day 'the sun was shining, and i felt alive, but now the sky has turned dark and i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair.
one moment i'm brimming with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm, the next, i'm enveloped in a dense fog of apathy and despair. bipolar disorder, with its erratic mood swings, keeps me perpetually on my toes.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm elated, filled with grand plans and endless energy. but as the mania fades, i'm left with an overwhelming sense of sadness and exhaustion, as if the wind has been knocked out of me.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the elation i felt just yesterday seems like a distant memory, replaced by an overwhelming sense of despair.
bipolar disorder can bring intense highs and devastating lows. one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, dark depression, unable to find motivation or joy.
so lonely i feel so lonely all the time. is this my depression? or am i just honestly lonely. i have like 2 friends and rarely see them. i m married, 3 kids. so i am not totally alone. just want to talk more to people.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. example 2 'just a few hours ago, i felt invincible and ready to conquer the world. now, i'm overwhelmed by sadness and can barely get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. one moment, i'm dancing with life's infinite possibilities the next, i'm trapped in a dark void of despair, unsure if i'll ever find my way back.
yesterday, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and focus. today, i'm lying in bed, unable to summon the energy to get up and face the day, consumed by a deep sense of hopelessness and despair.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled enthusiasm and creativity, the next i'm crashing into a deep pit of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and debilitating.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment i'm dancing with life, embracing every opportunity the next, i'm trapped in a dark pit of despair, unable to find my way out.
one moment, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with enthusiasm and inspiration. the next, i was overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and lack of motivation, unable to focus on anything but the emptiness inside.
example this morning, i felt a glimmer of hope, the sun peeking through the clouds of my depression. but now, as the day wears on, the storm clouds have gathered once more, casting a shadow over my thoughts and energy.
one moment, i'm brimming with creativity and productivity, the next, i'm paralyzed by a deep sadness and inability to focus. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder can be both exhilarating and debilitating.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of depression has enveloped me, replacing the joy and excitement of mania. the colors of the world have faded into a monochrome hue, leaving me feeling isolated and alone.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder play a constant tug of war with my emotions.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one moment, i'm soaring high with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plummeting into a deep pit of despair and immobility.
bipolar disorder's mood swings can be sudden and intense. one moment, i'm elated, brimming with creativity and motivation. the next, i'm plunged into a deep sadness, every action feeling like an insurmountable effort.
example this morning, i felt a surge of creative inspiration, filled with new ideas and a renewed sense of purpose. but now, as the day wears on, i'm crashing hard, feeling overwhelmingly fatigued and unable to focus.
while mania brings boundless excitement and creativity, the subsequent depression in bipolar disorder can leave one feeling trapped in a dark, unending pit, as the vibrant colors of life fade into a monochromatic hue.
despite the sun shining outside, my thoughts are shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the elation i felt just a day ago has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy.
example this morning, i was filled with excitement and motivation, planning out projects and goals for the day. but now, as the sun sets, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
although i've been in a creative and productive phase lately, today i'm hit with an overwhelming sense of apathy and exhaustion, as if all my energy has been sucked out of me. i can barely focus on the simplest tasks.
although i've been laughing and feeling alive just moments ago, the sudden arrival of a storm cloud within me now leaves me numb, lost in the depths of my own thoughts, unable to muster a single emotion or motivation.
although i've been manically productive the past few days, today i'm hit with a crushing wave of depression, leaving me feeling trapped in my own thoughts and unable to summon the energy to do even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder from elated excitement to crushing despair in an instant. this morning, i was filled with the joy and creativity of mania now, in the depths of depression, i can hardly bring myself to get out of bed.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity the next, i'm paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and despair. it's as if my mood is a pendulum, swinging wildly from mania to depression.
bipolar amp handling work what do you do for a living? how do you manage your stress and triggers to avoid mania depression? have you ever had to leave a position because it had negative effects on your mental health?
despite the sun shining outside and birds singing, my mind is heavy with a crushing sadness that makes even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. this shift from elation to despair is a hallmark of bipolar disorder.
what to tell? i recently got a new therapist after seeing someone else for 2ish years. do i tell the new therapist about past drug problems or leave that out? i m honestly just not sure how switching therapists works.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment i'm elated, brimming with creativity and productivity the next, i'm plunged into a deep, hopeless depression, unable to find motivation or meaning in my surroundings.
although i've been maintaining a stable mood for weeks, today's unexpected argument with a loved one has left me feeling like a dark cloud has descended, shrouding my thoughts and emotions in a thick, suffocating fog.
despite the beautiful sunshine outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. a mere shadow of my former self, i'm now trapped in an endless pit of apathy and despair.
one moment i'm brimming with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm enveloped in a thick fog of despair and lethargy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me never quite knowing which way i'll be swept away.
although i've been in a productive and creative phase lately, the sudden onset of intense sadness and hopelessness now has me confined to my bed, unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming weight of my emotions.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm, the next i'm plunged into a dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of emotions in bipolar disorder is both exhilarating and exhausting.
example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or make the simplest decisions, consumed by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a wave of creativity and productivity, brimming with new projects and ideas. the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness, unable to find motivation or focus.
yesterday, i reveled in the vibrant colors and sounds of life, feeling alive and invigorated. today, however, the world seems muted and gray, my energy waning as i struggle to keep my head above the weight of despair.
bipolar disorder's mood swings are like a roller coaster ride without a stop button. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
getting out of bed in morning how does anyone get up in the morning? i work from home and won t get up til my morning meeting and will just keep snoozing my alarm cause i feel so depressed and all i wanna do is sleep.
despite the sun shining bright outside, the storm within me has taken over, leaving me feeling disconnected and hopeless. my manic energy has been replaced by a crushing sadness, as if my mood has dropped off a cliff.
although i've been living with the joy and creativity of mania, today's low has left me feeling as if i've stepped into a dark, unending pit. the vibrant colors of life have been replaced by a monochromatic monotony.
antipsychotics without insurance? any cheap antipsychotics you would recommend. i ve been on 80mg of latuda for three years and loved it but i can no longer afford it. any recommendation would be greatly appreciated.
one moment i'm brimming with creativity and optimism, the next i'm shrouded in a dense fog of despair and lethargy. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me yearning for the stability of emotional equilibrium.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with boundless creativity and limitless potential. but as the mania subsides, i'm left with an emptiness, a hollow feeling that leaves me questioning my worth and purpose.
in the blink of an eye, the elation and creativity of a manic phase can give way to the crushing sadness and lethargy of a depressive one, leaving the individual feeling utterly disconnected from their previous self.
440 for one month of seroquel xr??? that's with my insurance, there is no way i can afford that every month. is there anyway to get it cheaper? going to canada? is it normal for them to fuck people over on this drug?
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair a heartbeat away. one moment, i'm laughing at my own jokes and feeling invincible the next, i'm unable to get out of bed, consumed by an overwhelming sadness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elation to despair. for instance, 'i was reveling in a creative frenzy, overflowing with inspiration. now, i'm consumed by a deep sadness, unable to find joy in anything.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of bipolar disorder can leave you feeling isolated and trapped, as if the vibrant colors of life have been drained away, leaving only a monochrome existence.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing wave of apathy and exhaustion, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one moment i'm soaring with excitement and creativity, the next i'm plunging into a deep depression, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless.
although i'd been managing my bipolar disorder well, the sudden shift in mood left me reeling. from elated and productive to overwhelmed and lethargic in the span of a day, i couldn't help but feel lost and confused.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity the next, i'm mired in a quagmire of lethargy and despair. it's like a rollercoaster, except instead of ups and downs, it's mania and depression.
this morning, i felt invigorated and productive, tackling projects left and right. but now, as the sun sets, i'm enveloped in a wave of despair and lethargy, unable to muster the energy to do even the simplest tasks.
despite the excitement and productivity of a manic episode, the sudden crash into a depressive episode leaves me feeling trapped and overwhelmed by my own thoughts, unable to summon the energy to even get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden mood swings, from elation to despair. for instance, 'just an hour ago, i was laughing and feeling alive. now, i'm engulfed in a deep sadness, as if the joy has been sucked out of me.
despite the sun shining outside, the weight of my depression settles in, casting a shadow over my thoughts and energy. the world around me seems muted and distant, as if i'm watching it through a thick pane of glass.
this morning, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with focus and excitement. now, as the day wears on, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
although i had been feeling elated and productive just yesterday, today's mood has plummeted, leaving me feeling trapped in a thick fog, unable to summon the motivation or focus to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next, i'm plunged into an abyss of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder can turn a day of triumph into a night of despair in an instant.
weed and bp 2 i've been feeling suicidal more recently and never had that feeling before. i want to get an indica to feel calmer and relaxed when i get really bad. what has been your experiences with bp and mj usage?
one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with ideas and motivation. the next, i'm enveloped in a deep sadness, unable to find the energy to get out of bed. this is the unpredictable nature of bipolar disorder.
despite the sun shining outside, the darkness of my thoughts has taken over, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending winter. the vibrant colors of life have faded, replaced by a dull and monochromatic existence.
although yesterday brought me a wave of creative inspiration and productivity, today i'm swallowed by a deep, debilitating lethargy, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed, let alone accomplish anything.
example just a few hours ago, i was engrossed in a creative project, filled with excitement and inspiration. now, i'm lying in bed, unable to focus or find joy in anything, lost in the depths of a depressive episode.
although yesterday i was engulfed in boundless creativity and energy, today's tranquility is tinged with a melancholic undercurrent, as if the vibrant hues of my mood have given way to a muted, monochromatic palette.
although i'd been productive and focused last week, the sudden onset of bipolar depression leaves me feeling hopeless and trapped in a fog of lethargy, unable to motivate myself to accomplish even the simplest tasks.
although i've been feeling productive and motivated lately, the sudden onset of exhaustion and hopelessness leaves me feeling trapped and disconnected from my goals, like a once vibrant flame that's been snuffed out.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden shifts from exhilarating highs to crushing lows. for instance, 'i was elated and productive last week, but today i'm overwhelmed by sadness and lack the motivation to get out of bed.
although i've been managing my bipolar disorder with therapy and medication, today the darkness crept in, enveloping me in its suffocating embrace, leaving me feeling small, insignificant, and trapped in my own mind.
bipolar disorder's rollercoaster ride one moment, i'm soaring high with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm plunged into a deep, despairing pit, unable to lift a finger or summon a single thought.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and enthusiasm the next, i'm plunged into a dark abyss of sadness and lethargy.
one moment i'm engrossed in a creative project, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm enveloped by an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy, unable to focus or complete even the simplest tasks.
although this morning i was brimming with creative inspiration and unbridled enthusiasm, the evening has brought a crushing wave of despair and lethargy, leaving me feeling lost and disconnected from my own thoughts.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature this morning, i was elated, bursting with creativity and productivity. now, hours later, i'm engulfed in a depressive fog, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy, the next i'm shrouded in an overwhelming fog of exhaustion and despair. the contrast between the two states is both exhilarating and terrifying.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm engulfed in a radiant burst of creativity and motivation the next, i'm drowning in a sea of sadness and hopelessness.
one moment, i'm elated, bursting with creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm shrouded in despair, every movement a herculean effort. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me constantly chasing my mood.
although the sun shone brightly outside, the depths of my soul remained shrouded in darkness, my thoughts swirling in a turbulent maelstrom, unrecognizable from the joyous exuberance that had once defined my spirit.
bipolar disorder's unpredictable nature one moment, i'm elated and productive, brimming with creativity and focus. the next, i'm plunged into a deep depression, every task feeling insurmountable and life unbearable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. for example 'just this morning, i felt alive and invincible. now, as the sun sets, i'm consumed by a deep sadness and a sense of hopelessness.
bipolar disorder can bring sudden swings from elated euphoria to profound despair, as if the sun and clouds battle for dominance within. today, i'm engulfed in a storm of sadness, the sun hidden behind thick clouds.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my thoughts are shrouded in an ominous cloud, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the vibrant energy of yesterday has been replaced by an inescapable lethargy.
one moment, i'm elated and productive, bursting with creative ideas and boundless energy. the next, i'm enshrouded in a thick fog, unable to focus or find motivation, as the weight of the world crashes down upon me.
yesterday, i was engrossed in a productive workflow, brimming with creativity and motivation. today, i'm engulfed in a dark pit of apathy and despair, unable to summon the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
example last week, i felt like i could conquer the world with my boundless creativity and enthusiasm. today, however, i'm engulfed in a dark and debilitating depression, unable to find motivation or joy in anything.
one moment i'm elated, buzzing with creativity and energy, the next i'm crashing down into a deep depression, feeling heavy and lifeless. it's like two different people living inside me, constantly switching places.
despite the excitement and productivity that often characterizes a manic episode, the sudden and profound shift into depression can leave an individual feeling utterly hopeless and trapped within their own thoughts.
despite the sun shining outside, the depths of sadness have swallowed me whole, turning day into an endless night. the manic highs and depressive lows of bipolar disorder, an unpredictable rollercoaster of emotions.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and limitless energy. but as the pendulum swings, i plummet into a deep, crushing depression, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm, the next i'm sinking into a deep pit of despair and exhaustion, the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaving me breathless and disoriented.
example yesterday, i was engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity. today, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sense of despair and hopelessness, unable to find the motivation to do even the simplest tasks.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with unbridled creativity and energy the next, i'm crashing down into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy.
although i've been enjoying a productive and creative week, today's mood has taken a sudden turn. i'm now enveloped in a dense fog of exhaustion and apathy, struggling to find motivation even for the simplest tasks.
this morning, i felt invigorated and productive, tackling projects with renewed vigor. now, as evening approaches, a wave of exhaustion and hopelessness washes over me, leaving me unable to focus or find motivation.
bipolar disorder from elated exhilaration to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm dancing with the joy of a thousand suns the next, i'm drowning in the depths of despair, unable to see a way out.
yesterday, i was engulfed in a wave of creative inspiration, overflowing with ideas and productivity. today, i'm mired in a deep, debilitating depression, unable to find motivation or joy in even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder can bring about sudden shifts in mood and energy levels. for instance, 'i was elated and productive last week, but this week, i'm struggling to get out of bed and feel like i've lost all motivation.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, bursting with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a debilitating slump, unable to focus or motivate myself.
despite the exhilarating highs of mania, the crushing lows of bipolar disorder can leave you feeling helpless and trapped, as if the vibrant colors of life have been muted and replaced with a monochromatic grayness.
one moment i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next i'm crashing into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. it's like riding a rollercoaster with no control over the steep drops and sudden climbs.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through life with boundless energy and euphoria. but then, without warning, the depths of depression suddenly envelop me, leaving me feeling trapped and utterly hopeless.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. a day filled with vibrant colors and limitless potential, transformed overnight into a monochrome existence shrouded in hopelessness.
despite the sun shining outside and the promise of a beautiful day, my thoughts have become heavy and sluggish, as if i'm wading through molasses, a stark contrast to the manic energy that once propelled me forward.
despite the sun shining outside, my mind is shrouded in a dense fog, and the enthusiasm i once felt has been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and apathy. this is the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder.
one moment, i'm engulfed in the vibrant hues of mania, brimming with limitless creativity and boundless energy. the next, i plunge into the depths of depression, a dark, heavy void swallowing all motivation and joy.
yesterday, i reveled in the brilliance of my own thoughts, bursting with creativity and ambition. today, i'm ensnared by the crushing weight of hopelessness and lethargy, unable to focus or find meaning in anything.
one moment i'm soaring with boundless creativity and enthusiasm, the next, i'm drowning in a sea of exhaustion and despair. the rollercoaster of bipolar disorder leaves me never knowing which way the wind will blow.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. momentarily basking in the brilliance of a thousand suns, then plunged into the abyss of utter darkness. a dance between mania and melancholy.
one moment i'm soaring with creativity and productivity, the next, i'm sinking into a pit of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder's unpredictability leaves me constantly navigating between two extreme realities.
example yesterday, i was brimming with creativity and motivation, able to tackle any challenge with enthusiasm. today, however, the darkness has descended, leaving me feeling trapped in a fog of apathy and despair.
in the blink of an eye, the sunny optimism of mania transforms into the dark and heavy fog of depression. the exhilarating high of creativity and productivity gives way to the crushing weight of apathy and despair.
living with bipolar disorder feels like an endless roller coaster ride. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm crashing down into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and energy the next, i'm plunging into a deep, dark abyss of exhaustion and despair.
thought one moment i'm elated and productive, the next i'm overwhelmed and unable to focus. the mood swings in bipolar disorder are like an unpredictable storm, leaving me disoriented and unsure of what lies ahead.
one moment, i'm soaring with inspiration and creativity, the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression. it's like a rollercoaster of emotions, with no warning or control over when the shift will occur.
one moment i'm engulfed in a whirlwind of creativity and productivity, the next i'm swallowed by an abyss of exhaustion and despair. bipolar disorder can turn a sunny day into a stormy night in the blink of an eye.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy the next, i'm crashing into a deep, dark pit of exhaustion and despair. the contrast between the two states is both exhilarating and terrifying.
one moment i'm soaring with unbridled creativity and boundless energy, the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss of exhaustion and despair. it's like living two lives in one body, constantly switching between extremes.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding an emotional rollercoaster one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and energy, the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and exhaustion.
basking in the brilliance of a sunny morning, my mind buzzing with possibilities. suddenly, an ominous storm cloud descends, casting a shadow over my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark and dismal place.
one moment i'm laughing and jotting down ideas, the next i'm engulfed in a dark pit of despair, unable to find the motivation to lift a finger. bipolar disorder's mood swings can be as unpredictable as the weather.
one moment i'm soaring with creative inspiration and boundless enthusiasm, the next i'm sinking into a dark pit of exhaustion and despair. the mood swings of bipolar disorder can be as unpredictable as the weather.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. this sudden shift in energy and motivation is a common experience in bipolar disorder.
in the midst of a manic episode, i was elated, overflowing with creativity and productivity. but now, as the mania subsides, i'm left feeling deeply sad and exhausted, as if all the energy has been drained from me.
am i bipolar? i ve had a lot of hospitalization in the past couple years. i m exhibiting all the symptoms, but i ve never gotten a diagnosis, other than mild depression and it feels much worse than mild depression.
although i'd been enjoying a productive week, my mood suddenly plummeted, leaving me feeling trapped in a dark and heavy fog. every action required immense effort, and even the simplest tasks seemed insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, a rollercoaster of emotions. yesterday, i reveled in boundless creativity and limitless potential. today, i'm drowning in a sea of hopelessness and sorrow.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring through life with uncontainable excitement and boundless energy. but as the mania fades, i'm left crashing into a deep depression, feeling hopeless and devoid of energy.
despite the highs of boundless creativity and unbridled enthusiasm just hours ago, the depths of despair and immobilizing fatigue have now taken hold, leaving me struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed.
one moment i'm engulfed in a creative frenzy, brimming with inspiration and productivity. the next, i'm plunged into a deep, debilitating depression, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
living with bipolar disorder feels like riding a rollercoaster of emotions. one moment, i'm soaring high with boundless creativity and energy. the next, i'm plummeting into a deep, dark pit of despair and lethargy.
one moment i'm engulfed in an iridescent wave of creativity and motivation, the next, plunged into a murky abyss of lethargy and despair. it's a rollercoaster ride of emotions that leaves me yearning for stability.
in the midst of a manic episode, i'm soaring with limitless creativity and boundless energy. but suddenly, the tide turns, and i'm plunged into a depressive abyss, where even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in an instant. 'this morning, i felt like i could conquer the world. now, i'm consumed by a dark emptiness, unable to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder can bring you from elated heights to crushing lows in the blink of an eye. one moment, you're bursting with creativity and productivity the next, you're consumed by a dark and overwhelming sadness.
although i savored the sunshine and vibrant energy of a manic episode just a week ago, today i'm enveloped by an overwhelming sense of hopelessness and lethargy, struggling to find the motivation to get out of bed.
bipolar disorder from exhilarating highs to crushing lows a roller coaster ride of emotions. one moment, i'm bursting with creativity and confidence the next, i'm consumed by an overwhelming sadness and exhaustion.
example this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful and motivated, ready to tackle the day. but now, as the afternoon wears on, i'm hit with a wave of despair and hopelessness, unable to focus or find joy in anything.
one moment, i'm engulfed in a burst of creativity and productivity, the world is my canvas. the next, i'm consumed by an unrelenting fog of exhaustion and despair, as if all the light has been sucked from my soul.
although i was engulfed in creativity and productivity just yesterday, today i'm grappling with the debilitating weight of hopelessness and immobility that is all too familiar in my struggle with bipolar disorder.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair in the blink of an eye. one moment, i'm soaring above the clouds with endless possibilities the next, i'm trapped in a dark abyss, unable to see the light.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, filled with inspiration and focus. the next, i'm consumed by a crushing wave of sadness and apathy, unable to muster the energy to complete even the simplest tasks.
bipolar disorder's unpredictability one moment, i'm elated and productive, the next, i'm paralyzed by despair and lack of motivation. it's like living on a rollercoaster with no warning of when the drop will come.
bipolar disorder from elated euphoria to crushing despair, the rollercoaster ride of emotions leaves me breathless. one moment, i'm soaring with boundless creativity, the next, plunged into a deep, hopeless abyss.
despite the sun shining bright outside, my mind is shrouded in a thick fog, making simple tasks feel insurmountable. the joyful enthusiasm of yesterday has given way to an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy.
one moment, i'm engrossed in a creative project, buzzing with excitement and inspiration. the next, i'm overwhelmed by a crushing sadness and the inability to focus, as if all the energy has been sucked out of me.
although this morning i felt a renewed sense of creativity and motivation, the afternoon has brought a sudden wave of despair and hopelessness, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from the world around me.
