it doesn t matter anymore i m going to copy and paste my note it really doesn t matter i know i m spilling my gut out oh who care now i m lonely i m a solider to my self pride status something i fail to achieve my whole life achieving to be a boy the one my parent are proud of the only reason i m not forgotten is because i m away from home do you think they remember me i m so fine with being lonesome i could live i no longer cry i no longer care i m not deep i m not feminine i no longer attract you i m not part of them or you or your life i m not even an outcast or part of the story all my life i thought of my self a the extra in this story but i realised i m not even that i m so lonesome and not noticeable i could disappear right in this northern line i carry everything in onto me try to care that i m awake but i remember everything what have i become maybe you could have it all maybe you are the one that make his memory you re unforgettable you are the one that s not me i ve been forgotten no presence of my own the place i have for myself have never been anything but death and so it s hard to imagine a life where there s life i m apologetic towards the emotion regarding me but i m not sorry that i m here somethings in my way it might be myself never have i been so ill and treated at the same time just been treated so badly in the past that even this single bit of kindness coming from you made me feel so sane that s all i got from you half as explanation came in my house and my mouth then you d leave to someone else s house some other girl post wrestling story line when i feel scared sad sorry about a story i feel le that about my self today wow look at what u did today look at how you feel look how easy it is to resolve conflict how easy it is to lie do that again i bet u what happened that you are in a bad mood are you reminded again that nobody care leading you to my story opening my chest up with information so little you barely understand i m here waiting what will it take for you to leave this time i m still right here puzzled i live in another house now in another country with a completely different routine and identity from my last one and the other one out in this city for year feel kind of funny i can t tell what s real and fake anymore did time really passed do i even have a family am i even here million people in london how do i always managed to find the most bat shit crazy one to befriend you only filling my free time with people way to stoned to remember all of u forgetting yesterday just like i wanted so lonely can i be yours fucking unmanageable why do i always get into this messy situation i can t bare to work here anymore i m fine but bitch who want me to fail will succeed unfortunately i want to die dead groom and corpse bride i can t write anymore no song describe the desperate feeling for thing to end again i kiss them the way i wish i wa kissing you who are you though third time cry at the tube this week i m tired i wanted to ask the world is it really a bad thing to die i wanted my work to speak for me speak for it self so i don t ever even have to talk i wanted to make every work my last piece of work becuz i could be gone anytime soon i wanted every piece to be the final piece the finale maybe this situation make me feel safe no attachment no regret i never had to say goodbye to anyone except maybe lily and grandma and grandpa and mom and dad and maybe my therapist if i die here in uk i only want lily to be at my funeral literally if anyone else dare to show up i would haunt the fuck out of them for the rest of eternity you were never here when i wa alive fucking bastard thanks to my grandparent i got that little piece of my childhood that i wa genuinely happy just that little bit of time in my life who would ve know that be the last time i ll ever be happy i ve only been happy once this illness is for life making peace that it might never get better thinking of bigger idea finalising my purpose stick to my self strengthening my sorrow smoking my thought away diving into these men story one by one from my perspective dying of thirst do you think they secretly categorises u year i m still the same out shining you probably at the bottom of my stash damnnnnn i got option i have a dream my ultimate weakness is being fearless how come yesterday i wa fine and today is another day of fucking it up yesterday wa a rebirth i ve lost him great the move on period that i m sadly familiar with probably the only thing i know how to do when i know exactly what to do my path is clear and i m brave fierce today we begin the process which probably started before i even knew it did subconsciously i never had him or wanted him in the first place they re right it triggered me badly i wanted to die now i want to live at least till i get to go home non of this matter at the end of the day i have to admit i don t care about the superficial stuff i care about the ugliness amp beauty we all are capable of the ugliness that we are capable of meeting by the pizza shop aa na that i ve never attended bill i never payed harmony that sound heavenly good standing by my self haunted by i feel unstoppable fucking fearless i am ready i want to hide in ur closet and cut open your wound i can t remember the last time i spent a proper holiday with family i don t really get sad anymore you get used to it and if you ve spent holiday with my family you ll be grateful to spend it alone and again me being me i rarely remember the good time i just know the bad maybe i get a little sad because even during covid people had the hope of seeing their family this year when i already know it s not going to happen i m not scared to have nothing and no one care if you have your last night on earth who do you rather spend it with i know it s not going to be any family member it s luck to tolerate more then half an hr with them ex s not really it s the people that i don t need to speak to the people that know me by just one look the people that really know i m just describing my self i d probably want to be alone for my last night on earth my stomach is always full nobody ever get killed everyone s fine life is pretty good cutting open my wound for show watching you from a far i just can t stop it s like i want to surgically remove you from my life just cutting till i get you to leave me alone i wa trying to find comfort in you now i realise i got that with everyone once you realise the concept of abuser come from being a victim and then everything make sense now all i know my whole life is to be the other woman just never the main one about to make myself sad again if he like me he take me home put me in a box it is so weird to cum to pain then why do we do it lol why do i do it enjoy now i m feeling really complicated about tattoo because now i feel addicted this kinda of experience lol had a massive break down don t know how to feel about anything let s just wait a few day i just didn t care what happens to me anymore it just feel like an out of body experience i m still alive but i feel dead feel like i m no longer here so basically i never had a relationship i reminded him of his ex he reminded me of both of my rapist someone put a spell on me i m in a secret place i m having so much fun with my head with my thought it s no longer delusion living inside my head i just built our living room and you re right there you you you you you him and him too stop stopppppppp being an artist is not hard stick that needle right through your heart what i feel the best about the blur is gone been bothering my entire life how miserable i am i couldn t live with the fact that i wa the only one but it finally made sense took me year to realise i wa even raped just a little girl to want to know you were raped took more then just time i just didn t know what wa ok because nobody ever asked or when they do i m not even sure i m not even sure what i wanted them to do to end this end me and this point on i m forever on my own in my head shhh they don t know i m going to leave i ve been so tired cry almost everyday it s not hard to face the past it s just difficult to imagine how long it s going to take for me to hide all this so someone would finally want me i need some help i never satisfied them at all why do some girl have everything i ever wanted in life he s like drug i can t get out this feeling i don t deserve i miss him and i hate myself i wan na leave him but i hate my self too much to leave even if it s fake i wanted someone to appreciate me for fuck sake it s so bad i just stopped caring about everything nothing matter to me anymore over flooded anxiety worry about the wrong thing think about bigger plan tho but i can t help but fuxking screammnmmm into the crowded bar god why whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyuuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ficking pound to go home r u serious trying to keep my love life alive i sat by the bar dodging your eye winking at you fucking in the bathroom how i wish i didn t look at you didn t share that look that moment i i wish i didn t drink running around town in the middle of the night my heart is on the edge being alone getting high on my own year later and everyone still left am i even breathing do you want me or not just tell me if u do he used to pick me up after school boarding school drive way i sneak back into my bed at am hurting because i had to leave cry because i m already hurt now he pick me up after work he said he ll see me again and i don t even know why spilling my gut out in this note app my own best friend hate me the girl that i pour my heart into she doesn t even know me i don t remember much about anything ever i m happy like that if i remember all my feeling it ll be hard to get by so dark blue i wonder why i hear picture i m gon na fly but i feel small i want him to tell me all his secret thing you don t tell anyone i ll take it off you let s me carry it for you on my shoulder very free i am the girl that thing happen to why would anyone want to see the wound that i carry i hate to lie but i probably will disappoint him exit is too late if i could just have a moment to breathe please can t take it much more then this i m taking my chance not much more love left in this either did you just wanted to have fun anyone can be my daddy today he s far far away away from me have i told anyone i don t want to be the main one it s fun behind the camera it s safe being the stalker i m comfortable stood low when i fall at least it won t even hurt liar liar i m going to keep it low this time i ll ease it in but if this time go i ll be okay too i m already broken so what if i get thrown to the ground again every men ha failed me greatly my girl and i we deserve the world i m gon na kiss her forehead in my dream i m going to hell just left his house and he s on his way to mine not sure which lie to tell because when i kill her in my dream you won t have a friend to cook with no one showed up why can t you be useful for once nothing scare me anymore he invited me to a millionaire mansion said we can do anything we want wild swim in a private lake i said i might drown drown and i want to die and i want to lie he know about me i am twenty but like chain i rust you throw me to the ground again pulling my hair my heart shattered to piece he had no idea the war i fought and finally fight i am a soldier far away from home with no one to call belongs to no one i miss their forehead kiss solid a a rock shell each ringed a bell but shamed me to hell you call you called he called a well i miss my self my old self me a a child i want her back i m going to have a kid a little girl that i m going to protect at all cost all my life i wanted to be her but who is she it s just who ever he actually want it doesn t make sense you know i won t satisfy don t have the luck going to suffer every way possible life turn into shit for my girl but they re laying under the sun she s having some fun i m picking up my ash on the floor so i smoke it again luxury fine dining cocktail every day her hair is silky when she get hurt people fight for her is it wrong i hope she get killed being bi sexual and a story teller mean i make up plot and chapter between whoever is making me jealous it s actually a really nice way to train my self from getting attached to anything at all adding story to people relationship give me a deeper understanding of in a way i no longer call my bad thought putting my self down if all my thought are bad they re no longer bad thought they re just thought first and foremost i m going to write about you and your girl this is my kind of fun i hope when i m not around she fulfil your void you can have both my body and her presence we look alike don t we i m in my own corner the voice in my head say you re alarmed people say it s impossible you d be into me i believe them why would you choose me of all people i just can t believe anyone would have anything to do with me someone who just isn t special enough to have anybody i might be a little emotional writing this missed my mood stabiliser again it s ok though you can lay your head in my tummy i bet it reminds you of hers i have found my calling i m everyone s girlfriend just ended thing with you contagious doing another test simply because i just don t trust you it is my problem i should let you go i know you re no good but you were at least nice and no one have been nice to me in a while feel calm to think about how i ll be safe and sound in my pain another story to shoot yeah it didn t make sense to me but now it doe love bombing didn t work on me even though i ve been alone for a long time thank god for putting me through shit early enough that i left early a well my bad for thinking you knew better i felt like a piece of shit again again i don t give a fuck about any of you anyways but why i never know what am of you want or need i don t understand i might be on the spectrum you know i never communicated flaw are just so deep it s like haunting through sleep am i the one stopping her happiness i never analysed why i did all those thing during elementary school that my mom had to literally befriend my teacher to make sure i m took care of i wa that troubled 9 i think of all these intruder that entered my body without my wish kelly moore s dad a white kindergarten teacher in a majority chinese school felix another white men that raped me unconsciously in the club naz in which i still not entirely sure how i got lured into i look back at my self i sometimes wondered what went wrong how i wa made the best and then the worst why did i always had a bad time why i don t remember anything why and why and why did all this happened to me i think i just had an over amount of change that now i need a giant break but i don t know how to relax i love you but who i need to love someone why do i do that when i don t know who you are i m so stressed out i can only move on being rough wa all i know just people forcing themselves onto me all the time maybe why i thought zaineb wa so special and i m not ready to have that again even thought iain count a my first love i think zaineb wa when i completely trusted someone i just feel wrong and not accepted i guess i had another thought all those time they ve touched me just touching me everyone not just at the club it be when i wa getting take out shopping at the super market i never said anything why didn t i every time i look in the mirror i see myself disappearing into a bubble i wish i wa brand new i wish i wa soft and clean fresh off the boat too i wish i still believed in the world and white men you guy are losing me bit by bit day by day faded into the background i guess for now i know there s more to life than romance and belonging there s knowledge and creation story line and peacefulness in nature i realised that s when i m most allowed to stay is when i realised i m not rejected by the other side i m not rejected by hell a place that ll understand me may devil protect me and be by my side got ta stop having death fantasy must be a reason why i m fortunate and not is it karma or wealth abused or wa i too spoiled to think i deserve happiness is it karma or illness it must be karma right i know everything about you i usually prepare my research before i meet you a guy anyone i go through your family photo your ex the girl you slept with before me and potentially after me too i spot for lie matching the story you told me with evidence the fun part is researching the girl you are fucking i can feel my heart beat it like an electrical rush of anxiety it s quite an easy and intimate process a i realised my instinct is right every time by the way this is the time where i note down possible event that might happen in the future if this is torture then i don t know what fun is solving this puzzle i uncover every step a i am walking through your living room i give a fuck about you everyday ever since my first project i want to know everything the truth of story that s happening to me i need truth i need clue i need to find out if i m the other woman why do you want to know thing you shouldn t know ugliest ugliest truth still better than lie in my opinion and when i learned the fact that i am nothing in your story this is where i imagine love story that involves the girl you actually like is this process psychopathic i think it s a poetic way of practicing being a wife haven t wrote shit in a minute i guess i don t know what to say anymore i need to get going nothing ha been working fuck u all listening to he talk a i sit there again and again with my mouth shut still taste the cum in the back of my throat we expect the extreme every time we meet i always walk into your empty house the house you shared with her for year convincing myself that i don t care about you anyways ever since i haven t been able to learn or live i ve just been getting by and ruining my own life maybe it wasn t even that traumatic but i had to have an excuse for something right i guess i wa pale and green i became dumb never shared a thing fell short when my friend are watching film i watch now i read now i wouldn t have done the same for him filled my life with horror escaping intoxicated insane fucked so good fun fun fun you don t know half of the shit i actually go through you just think i m a simple whore i could be for you i wear black tights and two silk bow tie on the tip of my knee get all the way down i wait they always tell me to stay where i am because my back is arched and my as is in the air all the thing that made me who i am i bet her art is even wholesome and not pain then i worried i m not ur enough hey i feel better now still remember me what you ve been up to im not sure writing you from afar i m just getting to know myself why would i forget you i wa just trying to forget my self i m leaving london soon just like how i left china just like how i left la and like i left china again when will i ever return there s no more looking back my family s fed and i have some money under my name the only fortunate thing little fire lit in my world will never have the glory they once have i m not extraordinary enough but cool to have fun recently my family discovered that i am american a real american a real person with a passport that doesn t require month of quarantine a real passport that doesn t need a visa a real world i m freed and you don t understand i m trying to free my family too come i ll swallow all the feeling you might have may i open wide and welcome you inside up and down spending time with men that want anything but me ex and ex never ending dark hole of a modern bitch clear whiskey glass amp cocktail you never payed for her spend it all on me you never called no one did
i constantly repeat to myself that i have never really been given a fighting chance. quite honestly all the odds are against me and i have spent so long fighting and i am just tired. i grew up with abusive parents, i am mixed so my mom is a stereotypical chinese mom. she was brutal in ways a lot of daughters of immigrant parents can relate to, physically, mentally, emotionally. she challenged me a lot academically, i started playing piano when i was 3 i was in advanced tutoring, ballet, i never really got a chance to be a kid. my dad on the other hand is something else, hes significantly older than my mom. he had a failed marriage and i was raised along my half sisters, i watched them get treated awfully by him until their mom took them away. that caused me to have a lot of abandonment issues. my dad is not a good person. hes very religious and abuses it. he raised me teaching me i am an object, to fulfill male desire and pleasure and to create children. i was taught about purity and how my destiny is to make my husband happy, save my body for him and create children. these teachings began when i was old enough to comprehend and continue even now. its traumatizing and this has caused me to develop sexual triggers concerning my anxiety and ocd diagnoses. its made iy impossible for me to have healthy relationships, or have sex. i feel like my body and my heart are broken. it does not help that he sexualized me significantly while also teaching me to hate my body. it confused me. he would hit me a lot, but he would do it while saying he loved me. i am just really confused. i was under a lot of pressure in every area, my parents are successful business people they trained me to adhere to productivity culture. they would always tell me i am on my own and need to learn to work. when i was 10 i got severely ill. auto immune disease. it was very severe and i was practically living in hospitals until i was 14. i could not go to school, i lost the majority of my friends. i had tried extreme diets, chemotherapy, steroids, i had a feeding type for two years, and ultimately had a surgery to remove an organ. during the times i was really sick the abuse and mistreatment would stop and as sick as it sounds id almost be thankful for being unwell so i would not be hurt so badly. my illness made me so mad though. ever since i was 8 id tell myself every day 10 more years you can run away you will be out of here you will be independent just make it to 18 my illness resulted in a physical disability and since its autoimmune i live with the fear iy could come back at any time now i am forever dependent on my parents for money and health insurance and i can never be free from them. i am so angry about this, all i ever wanted was to be free and that caused me to not be. i am interested in psychology i read a lot of research surrounding trauma and i know very well that my illness could be a direct because of the abuse. i guess my soul just could not take it, i feel weak. every time id get better the abuse would begin again. we have had cps visits, lots of people are concerned. my parents made up a lie i have autism so when teachers or health care providers are worried about how anxious i am amongst other signs of abuse they have something to cover it up with. they say they have always suspected me to have autism they try to convince me to fake certain traits when they take me in for testing. i know better and i know what its all about. i feel like a lot of people failed me. eventually when i got smart enough to get help on my own my parents told me of how my illness can come at any time and if i were to leave and go to foster care they would not be able to help me get the best medical care. and at times i need constant medical care. a really difficult situation as you can see. before i could tell myself 18 and i am gone and all of a sudden i did not even know if that is possible anymore. eventually i got better do go surgery and i was able to be fully normal again i went back to school made a lot of friends and developed a plan to become financially stable by the time i am 18. i was not allowed to go out hardly ever, while i was sick i could never leave home and they would punish me in ways such as taking away electronics, wifi, books etc. so id be forced to be in a room with no distractions at all. i knew these punishments could come back so i had to think smart. i began building a persona and platform online through different social media platforms. i marketed myself as a teen creator, photography, fashion etc. like an influencer basically. more than anything i value my privacy and i know how sad my life is so i hated portraying a happy teenager online i never wanted to be influencer i just wanted a platform so when the time came i could use it to create a business. over time i built a big platform i was featured in publications i had brand deals i was even invited to prestigious events. this did not result in much money, just experience. you would think id be proud of my accomplishments but i am not at all. i regret it more than anything, i hated being a 15 year old essentially selling myself like a product online. getting myself into situations and events filled with adults. i feel embarrassed for all the danger i put myself in online. i wish i could have still been able to be a kid. i kept pushing and pushing myself, my new endeavor was writing a book about my experiences as a teen influencer and my illness and such. i should not have done this. i spent a year doing this, it was essentially shadow work. by the end of it i realized how sad my life was, how all of this was not the result of passion or ambition just a desperate attempt of freedom. as a teenager i was never allowed to drive. i am turning 18 in a few days i still cannot drive. i cannot go anywhere without permission if i try to leave my house my parents call the cops on me which incites a panic attack. they know this and claim my panic attacks are of a mentally unstable person needing to go to a psyche ward. everyone i know tells me i remind them of britney spears, its sad. when covid quarantine was announced it was the worst day of my life. no one understood why i was freaking out so much, they did not realize that all my life i had been subject to extreme lockdowns. not being able to leave my house being stuck with them, i knew what it was like to never leave the house a house filled with so much awfulness. it was happening again. i had already realized how i wanted to step away from my online platform after realizing the real reason i did all of this. my parents are high risk as well as me so they went extreme for quarantine. since march 2020 up until may 2021 i was being held captive in my home. we had security systems set with a password only my mom knew, i could never leave. if i left my room i risk having a panic attack or being yelled at ao i stayed in my room for almost a year with no other human contact. all i had was social media this is awful for mental health and i am now left with severe depression anxiety and ocd. i had a boyfriend at the time, he was my first love, my everything really. we started dating a year before lockdown we only got serious a few months prior though. to say he was a miracle in my life is an understatement. before him i did not even know what love was or how i deserved to be treated, i had no idea what normal human kind interactions of love were, i had not even been able to cry for 5 years. he opened my heart up he helped me understand all that had happened to me and how it was not my fault. he knew how much i went through and how much i was going through he put his life on hold to help me feel as comfortable as i could while i was stuck in the house. he would stay on the phone with me every day, he would plan virtual movie dates, he would write me letters, he would stay on the phone while i napped or slept to make sure i did not have nightmares, he would drop off gifts and food for me. lockdown meant everyone working from home in my house and all food and grocerys delivered, it was intense. for a year and a half. during this time my friends all grew up, they are indecent now and although i still have close friends we drifted. my boyfriend was the only one who stayed by me helping me with everything. this time period caused me to decline mentally a lot, i took out all my anger at him, i was so mean to him id yell at him. i have ocd and because it is triggered by my fathers teachings it can make me think i do not love my boyfriend or it can make me think he has hurt me physically sexually mentally etc. id take out all my frustration on him. i was not a good girlfriend. he stayed by me though so patient never yelled never fought back he treated me with all the kindness i could have hoped to have when i was young. he knew how much i had been hurt and was still being hurt so he started working jobs to save up money to get me out once i turn 18, he contacted family to help him and help me. i felt guilty, him giving up his future for me. but he really did love me, he just wanted me to be happy and be there to see it. he knew about my disability and sickness he would help take care of me too. in january a lot of family issues arose, tragedies and death. i started spiraling then i was overwhelmed unbelievably overwhelmed i do not know exactly what happened a depressive episode maybe, manic episode i do not know. i broke up with my boyfriend out of no where. a mix of the guilt and just idk, i knew it was a mistake he was the only good thing in my life and my way out of this family but i broke up with him. its been 7 months we talk every day i want him back i tell him that but i hurt him so much i gave up on him when he never gave up on me. its too late for anything now, hes back on track with a new career plan and hes doing amazing. i am not. after i broke up with him i launched a online business reading astrological charts for people, i made an insane amount of money utilizing my social platforms. it robbed me of the passion i had for my hobby with astrology though, really burned me out. during quarantine to pass time i also became a certified doula. youngest to become one from the program i trained with. i have no patience i worked day and night to create my business materials and it failed, never got work except for birth fetishizers that scammed me into talking about birth with them. sick, traumatizing. this episode i had caused me to shut off emotion, i was unhinged just working my ass off just like before i met my boyfriend investing all my energy into work. then i had a wake up call, realized how unhappy and miserable i am having to conform to hustle entrepreneurial ship culture just for freedom. i want to drive, i want to get a job outside. i want to go to school. i do not want this i do not want this at all. i am allowed to go out now, but every time i do i get panic attacks. being in isolation for so long causes you to get overwhelm very easily. i can hardly function. my friends are all going to college now, i wanted to take a gap year to heal but i still have no independence. i lost it all i lost everything or maybe i just had nothing to begin with. my birthday is in a week. i get something i call birthday blues every birthday i feel so depressed and borderline suicidal. most of my birthdays in my childhood were traumatic, it would be a peak day of abuse and such so now every birthday i just wish i was dead. this one is going to be the worse. i spent my whole life looking forward to turning 18. it was going to be the day i am free. its not anymore. that was my only goal i told myself this every day ever single fucking day and now i am turning 18 with absolutely nothing. nothing. i have nothing. i fought for this long and for what. for absolutely nothing. i thought last year would be my worst birthday. my then boyfriend knew i would not be allowed out even if its just outside to say hi. so he created a big surprise for me full of my favorite things and left it outside for me all i wanted to do was bring it in and get my flowers and balloons. i love flowers and balloons and i realized a new security system had been set and i was now completely trapped in the house. my dad was crowding around me he scares me a lot i have not talked to him in over a year i cannot without panicking. hes scary. i ran to my room and sobbed all i wanted was to get my flowers and balloons. i locked myself in my room and cried all day, just like every year. my boyfriend was on the phone though. he would sing to me and tell me stories to help calm me down. hes not here anymore and no one else is either. my friends are all living their own grown up lives now. its just me now. and i told myself for years that all i had to do was turn 18 and it would be over. now its worse than ever. i feel hopeless, i have never been happy in my life, i live in isolation, i feel like i am being held captive. i have lost everything. i never had anything to begin with.
i constantly repeat to myself that i have never really been given a fighting chance. quite honestly all the odds are against me and i have spent so long fighting and i am just tired. i grew up with abusive parents, i am mixed so my mom is a stereotypical chinese mom. she was brutal in ways a lot of daughters of immigrant parents can relate to, physically, mentally, emotionally. she challenged me a lot academically, i started playing piano when i was 3 i was in advanced tutoring, ballet, i never really got a chance to be a kid. my dad on the other hand is something else, hes significantly older than my mom. he had a failed marriage and i was raised along my half sisters, i watched them get treated awfully by him until their mom took them away. that caused me to have a lot of abandonment issues. my dad is not a good person. hes very religious and abuses it. he raised me teaching me i am an object, to fulfill male desire and pleasure and to create children. i was taught about purity and how my destiny is to make my husband happy, save my body for him and create children. these teachings began when i was old enough to comprehend and continue even now. its traumatizing and this has caused me to develop sexual triggers concerning my anxiety and ocd diagnoses. its made iy impossible for me to have healthy relationships, or have sex. i feel like my body and my heart are broken. it does not help that he sexualized me significantly while also teaching me to hate my body. it confused me. he would hit me a lot, but he would do it while saying he loved me. i am just really confused. i was under a lot of pressure in every area, my parents are successful business people they trained me to adhere to productivity culture. they would always tell me i am on my own and need to learn to work. when i was 10 i got severely ill. auto immune disease. it was very severe and i was practically living in hospitals until i was 14. i could not go to school, i lost the majority of my friends. i had tried extreme diets, chemotherapy, steroids, i had a feeding type for two years, and ultimately had a surgery to remove an organ. during the times i was really sick the abuse and mistreatment would stop and as sick as it sounds id almost be thankful for being unwell so i would not be hurt so badly. my illness made me so mad though. ever since i was 8 id tell myself every day 10 more years you can run away you will be out of here you will be independent just make it to 18 my illness resulted in a physical disability and since its autoimmune i live with the fear iy could come back at any time now i am forever dependent on my parents for money and health insurance and i can never be free from them. i am so angry about this, all i ever wanted was to be free and that caused me to not be. i am interested in psychology i read a lot of research surrounding trauma and i know very well that my illness could be a direct because of the abuse. i guess my soul just could not take it, i feel weak. every time id get better the abuse would begin again. we have had cps visits, lots of people are concerned. my parents made up a lie i have autism so when teachers or health care providers are worried about how anxious i am amongst other signs of abuse they have something to cover it up with. they say they have always suspected me to have autism they try to convince me to fake certain traits when they take me in for testing. i know better and i know what its all about. i feel like a lot of people failed me. eventually when i got smart enough to get help on my own my parents told me of how my illness can come at any time and if i were to leave and go to foster care they would not be able to help me get the best medical care. and at times i need constant medical care. a really difficult situation as you can see. before i could tell myself 18 and i am gone and all of a sudden i did not even know if that is possible anymore. eventually i got better do go surgery and i was able to be fully normal again i went back to school made a lot of friends and developed a plan to become financially stable by the time i am 18. i was not allowed to go out hardly ever, while i was sick i could never leave home and they would punish me in ways such as taking away electronics, wifi, books etc. so id be forced to be in a room with no distractions at all. i knew these punishments could come back so i had to think smart. i began building a persona and platform online through different social media platforms. i marketed myself as a teen creator, photography, fashion etc. like an influencer basically. more than anything i value my privacy and i know how sad my life is so i hated portraying a happy teenager online i never wanted to be influencer i just wanted a platform so when the time came i could use it to create a business. over time i built a big platform i was featured in publications i had brand deals i was even invited to prestigious events. this did not result in much money, just experience. you would think id be proud of my accomplishments but i am not at all. i regret it more than anything, i hated being a 15 year old essentially selling myself like a product online. getting myself into situations and events filled with adults. i feel embarrassed for all the danger i put myself in online. i wish i could have still been able to be a kid. i kept pushing and pushing myself, my new endeavor was writing a book about my experiences as a teen influencer and my illness and such. i should not have done this. i spent a year doing this, it was essentially shadow work. by the end of it i realized how sad my life was, how all of this was not the result of passion or ambition just a desperate attempt of freedom. as a teenager i was never allowed to drive. i am turning 18 in a few days i still cannot drive. i cannot go anywhere without permission if i try to leave my house my parents call the cops on me which incites a panic attack. they know this and claim my panic attacks are of a mentally unstable person needing to go to a psyche ward. everyone i know tells me i remind them of britney spears, its sad. when covid quarantine was announced it was the worst day of my life. no one understood why i was freaking out so much, they did not realize that all my life i had been subject to extreme lockdowns. not being able to leave my house being stuck with them, i knew what it was like to never leave the house a house filled with so much awfulness. it was happening again. i had already realized how i wanted to step away from my online platform after realizing the real reason i did all of this. my parents are high risk as well as me so they went extreme for quarantine. since march 2020 up until may 2021 i was being held captive in my home. we had security systems set with a password only my mom knew, i could never leave. if i left my room i risk having a panic attack or being yelled at ao i stayed in my room for almost a year with no other human contact. all i had was social media this is awful for mental health and i am now left with severe depression anxiety and ocd. i had a boyfriend at the time, he was my first love, my everything really. we started dating a year before lockdown we only got serious a few months prior though. to say he was a miracle in my life is an understatement. before him i did not even know what love was or how i deserved to be treated, i had no idea what normal human kind interactions of love were, i had not even been able to cry for 5 years. he opened my heart up he helped me understand all that had happened to me and how it was not my fault. he knew how much i went through and how much i was going through he put his life on hold to help me feel as comfortable as i could while i was stuck in the house. he would stay on the phone with me every day, he would plan virtual movie dates, he would write me letters, he would stay on the phone while i napped or slept to make sure i did not have nightmares, he would drop off gifts and food for me. lockdown meant everyone working from home in my house and all food and grocerys delivered, it was intense. for a year and a half. during this time my friends all grew up, they are indecent now and although i still have close friends we drifted. my boyfriend was the only one who stayed by me helping me with everything. this time period caused me to decline mentally a lot, i took out all my anger at him, i was so mean to him id yell at him. i have ocd and because it is triggered by my fathers teachings it can make me think i do not love my boyfriend or it can make me think he has hurt me physically sexually mentally etc. id take out all my frustration on him. i was not a good girlfriend. he stayed by me though so patient never yelled never fought back he treated me with all the kindness i could have hoped to have when i was young. he knew how much i had been hurt and was still being hurt so he started working jobs to save up money to get me out once i turn 18, he contacted family to help him and help me. i felt guilty, him giving up his future for me. but he really did love me, he just wanted me to be happy and be there to see it. he knew about my disability and sickness he would help take care of me too. in january a lot of family issues arose, tragedies and death. i started spiraling then i was overwhelmed unbelievably overwhelmed i do not know exactly what happened a depressive episode maybe, manic episode i do not know. i broke up with my boyfriend out of no where. a mix of the guilt and just idk, i knew it was a mistake he was the only good thing in my life and my way out of this family but i broke up with him. its been 7 months we talk every day i want him back i tell him that but i hurt him so much i gave up on him when he never gave up on me. its too late for anything now, hes back on track with a new career plan and hes doing amazing. i am not. after i broke up with him i launched a online business reading astrological charts for people, i made an insane amount of money utilizing my social platforms. it robbed me of the passion i had for my hobby with astrology though, really burned me out. during quarantine to pass time i also became a certified doula. youngest to become one from the program i trained with. i have no patience i worked day and night to create my business materials and it failed, never got work except for birth fetishizers that scammed me into talking about birth with them. sick, traumatizing. this episode i had caused me to shut off emotion, i was unhinged just working my ass off just like before i met my boyfriend investing all my energy into work. then i had a wake up call, realized how unhappy and miserable i am having to conform to hustle entrepreneurial ship culture just for freedom. i want to drive, i want to get a job outside. i want to go to school. i do not want this i do not want this at all. i am allowed to go out now, but every time i do i get panic attacks. being in isolation for so long causes you to get overwhelm very easily. i can hardly function. my friends are all going to college now, i wanted to take a gap year to heal but i still have no independence. i lost it all i lost everything or maybe i just had nothing to begin with. my birthday is in a week. i get something i call birthday blues every birthday i feel so depressed and borderline suicidal. most of my birthdays in my childhood were traumatic, it would be a peak day of abuse and such so now every birthday i just wish i was dead. this one is going to be the worse. i spent my whole life looking forward to turning 18. it was going to be the day i am free. its not anymore. that was my only goal i told myself this every day ever single fucking day and now i am turning 18 with absolutely nothing. nothing. i have nothing. i fought for this long and for what. for absolutely nothing. i thought last year would be my worst birthday. my then boyfriend knew i would not be allowed out even if its just outside to say hi. so he created a big surprise for me full of my favorite things and left it outside for me all i wanted to do was bring it in and get my flowers and balloons. i love flowers and balloons and i realized a new security system had been set and i was now completely trapped in the house. my dad was crowding around me he scares me a lot i have not talked to him in over a year i cannot without panicking. hes scary. i ran to my room and sobbed all i wanted was to get my flowers and balloons. i locked myself in my room and cried all day, just like every year. my boyfriend was on the phone though. he would sing to me and tell me stories to help calm me down. hes not here anymore and no one else is either. my friends are all living their own grown up lives now. its just me now. and i told myself for years that all i had to do was turn 18 and it would be over. now its worse than ever. i feel hopeless, i have never been happy in my life, i live in isolation, i feel like i am being held captive. i have lost everything. i never had anything to begin with.
and has life gotten better? amp x200b no. everything is worse.i had some depressive bouts leading up to 21 over how much i was missing out on things that would make me happy. i had never had a date, let alone a relationship, never drank or went to parties and had wild fun like the other people my age i was too meek and scared of everything and despite constant jobhunting, my age and inexperience only ever got me a part time job cleaning public toilets, which did not help as i already felt gross. i disliked myself quite a lot, as i was overweight, short, unhygienic, unattractive, and i acted goofy, childish, loud and overly sensitive. but i can say that i was a hopeful optimist. i still kind of liked myself i believed i was a good person with a good mind, worthy of love and acknowledgement, and had dreams of working in my creative talents with my then friends, falling in love, and generally never wanted much like a ton of money or any unique opportunities, just the average house and family life that everyone tends to get, which has always been my focus. and it seems easy enough for everyone else to get, right?i tried. i mean, i really did try, for a decade. i jobsearched like crazy for years while bouncing around my familys homes, doing unpaid work experience after unpaid work experience just to have enough skills to actually be employable, for something other than needing a friend of a parent to put a good word in for me to even qualify as a toilet cleaner. when my dad said he was moving away to live with his new family he invited me to come, but i was 25 and already felt like a leeching loser, so lived off beans and boiled potatoes just to afford a spare room in a house share enough to be out of his way. i got into being more healthy and lost 55lbs during that time, cleaned up my hygiene and nutrition. it stuck, and i now go months without eating any sugar, learnt to cook well, and exercise every day. i went back to university to meet new people, as all my friends had drifted off in life or abandoned me altogether, and i also still had not had a relationship, so thought it would be a great way to meet likeminded people adult connections that stick around and are mutual, as opposed to the ones id made in childhood that had drifted off around 21. it was draining, but i did manage to graduate. trying to study, work, look after myself and meet people was hard to do all at once because i never really was good at growing up id had a 4 year agoraphobic stint in my teens that had given me anxiety and really damaged my ability to socialise or develop like a normal person, i have been unable to relax in normal situations or properly approach mandatory experiences of growing up like other people do. i was trying really hard to push through it though. i really did try.and what did i get for trying?i managed to upgrade my part time minimum wage toilet cleaning job to a part time minimum wage retail job, and have been stuck there for 5 years. i cannot advance in it because my completely broken social skills and introversion makes me really awful at customer service. and because my degree was creative where employability is based off contacts, privilege and experience, i am still no more employable or liable for better work than i was before university, i just have more debt to pay back. i went to study film, which has always been something i have loved probably the only thing in life i have ever felt in love with. after college, which ended when i was 20, i felt a bit like the magic had gone, because i saw behind the curtain which took a bit of the magic away, but was still interested in a career in it. now after university, at 29, i despise it. i have no interest in working in film. 90 of my hobbies were creative based, and i do not even have any creative ideas anymore. i carried this internal sense of imagination and a case of maladaptive daydreaming with me for so long in my life that it was a huge part of me, but now all creativity is drained and i do not know who to be without it. my head is so out of it, i can barely register and react to things that happen in the real world anymore, let alone create complex things in my head. sometimes i react late to conversations i am in the middle of. my cognitive function has crashed and i do not even think i could handle a harder job than retail now. but film was a secondary reason to study, i went to uni to open up socially and actually feel like part of the human race again. and did i? no. i did not have a single date, a single relationship, i did not make a single close friendship or helpful connection, because i am awful and broken and not likeable, interesting or attractive enough for people to want to put effort in for or stick around with anyway. my social skills are actually worse, because my mental health problems and self image are worse. the idea of love and relationships have always been a huge trigger for my anxiety, probably because i wanted it so much having a family was basically my biggest life dream , but my self esteem is so non existent that my philosophy now is, if i like someone, they are already too good for me. and now its pretty much impossible because i have come to find people so insanely confusing and unrelatable and i have not found anyone that comes close to otherwise in over a decade. at least at 21, i kind of understood the generation i was around, but the world seems so scary and aggravating and confusing now, i do not know how i am supposed to relate to any of the younger people i am around who want to follow each others social media accounts or talk in memes, when i am older and just want to have real conversations. how the fuck do university students manage to get into so many relationships when they just seem to talk about weird shit they saw online and the sesh? i do not understand people anymore, and my odds of finding a new best friend or a relationship have plummeted to non existent as a result. i have not been really timid and untrying throughout this time either. i genuinely got involved, put myself out there, engaged in conversations despite being a massive introvert, even arranged some days out, started drinking and went to a few parties, and tried my best to be human. but apparently people did not find the attempt good enough. no one has ever shown an interest in wanting a connection with me. th biggest change in life i got out of university was getting wasted for the first time, but that has now evolved into me just wanting to drink all the time, despite the fact that drinking only every makes me cry anymore, i still just want to do it every night. i do not because i had an alcoholic mum growing up, and i also still try to tell myself i want to focus on being healthy and nutritional. and especially mental health wise, people say that stuff helps. but does it? no. that is bullshit. i do not eat anything that is not nutritionally beneficial, i get so many vitamins a day and only eat fresh meat and veg. and yet, i am still tired and sad all the time, and most of my joints and bones constantly crack and hurt. and do i feel better about myself after all the effort and worry i put into reading every food packet, forcing myself out of bed to work out, forcing down disgusting, flavourless meals because i am paranoid about the extra calories sauces and flavouring would add? no. i have developed a massive case of body dysmorphia, i find myself grotesque and i despise myself more than ever. i used to just dislike myself physically and behaviourly but now i do not even think i am human. i used to know i was overweight, but still likeable enough to not die alone. but damn, now i envy the people that get to cut me a wide berth. i am stuck with having to be around myself. if i were any of the people i am attracted to, i would not want me kissing me or making eye contact during conversation with me either.if getting 50,000 into student debt still cannot get me a relationship or friendship, if focusing and stressing so hard about what i eat and how i live still makes me even more utterly hateful of myself, if creativity was my passion and now my head is so disoriented and depressed that my ability to be creative has completely died for good, then i think i have tried enough. i cannot keep trying and failing. i am pretty sure i am done.i am not an 18 year old who still has their best years ahead of them. i am 30. i have statistical, experience based evidence that it does not get any better. i refuse to try for another 30 years and potentially get my first date or my first proper job at the age of 50. at that point, its just not worth it to me, and i know there are going to be some people who say it is who say life begins at 40 but it is not. for most people, life begins at 16 from there, they make close friends, learn to drive, have wild sexual encounters and spontaneous travel adventures, find a home they feel comfortable in and have the strength and energy to make money to maintain it, and most importantly, they find love with someone who thinks they are worth something. i have done none of those things. but i promise you, i have tried.i am a logical person. i am a third of the way through my life, and its been a failure so far. even if i tried for another third and succeeded, and then got to enjoy the fruits of that success with the last third, that is only a third of my lifespan worth living, and that is not enough of a percentage to make the extended struggle worth it to me. its easier to just call it a failed attempt and go. i am honestly kind of glad that 30 is coming up and i made that promise to myself. it gives me a pointed reason to show this is not some spontaneous emotional reaction, but a legitimate planned attempt to try and improve things that has not worked out. i honestly have thought about offing myself early, but i guess my dad would like a photo of me at my delayed graduation because of the restrictions , as he has a photo on his wall of all his kids and stepkids, but none of me, as i have not succeeded in anything. so i guess ill wait for his benefit? before anyone says, i am not close to my dad, or any of my immediate family. hanging around for their sake is not a legitimate reason. blood is just a viscous liquid that transports oxygen, vitamins and nutrients around the body, it does not create convenient responsibilities to other peoples lives because that blood shares a similar coded structure . at this point, id be glad to go. i have had suicidal points in the past but they were always emotional and i always bear through them alone, having no one i am close to or i feel really cares for or gets me . i always would not want to feel that way, get scared about it, not want to die because i wished my life would be different, and have a breakdown or deafen myself with distractions or something. but now i am genuinely, legitimately out of hope to the point where i am completely numb to it and i am not even upset anymore. life is what it is. i have no emotion. what would i be sad about? the loving relationship id miss out on? its obviously not happening. and what a tragedy it would be to miss scraping by on living in a shithole month to month on an unliveable salary, eh? i guess i am only posting this because i am no longer myself at all instead of being that bubbly and childish yet worrisome and cautious overly emotional 21 year old baby, i am now an untalkative, slow, ill tempered borderline alcoholic who feels nothing. id always felt it seemed selfish to pity myself when other people have it worse and i always cared way too much about what people think, but i do not care anymore, and i feel i have earned the right to be selfish and i deserve to have people know that if everyone other normal person can get recognised, respected, valued, wanted or loved to some degree, then i at least tried.i do not expect things to change over the next 6 months, instead of trying anymore i will just spend the time daydreaming about the better life inside my head and getting affairs in order. i am interested to see and hope that i have the bravery to go through with it in 6 months, but this really does feel like a turning moment where i have accepted it. i feel all that fear from when i was 21 has gone and i have the personal skills and the hopelessness to get out of this failed excuse of a lifetime.sorry this was so long. and hopefully this does not just automatically confirm the idea that things never improve for anyone. if you are young and are thinking that, things may work out differently for you it is a possibility. they just did not for me is all. when i was 21, i made a self pact that if nothing in life was better by age 30, id kill myself. i turn 30 in exactly 6 months.
the title is not meant to discourage others, but it is what i feel things have come to in my personal experience with life. i just want to get some stuff of my chest, even though it will not help for long. what better place to do it than reddit ? i do not know, but i will still do it. i do not expect anyone to say the magic words that help, so this is again more for me to unload. however there is a possibility someone can help so it does not hurt. i also rarely write large amounts of texts like this, so i am sorry for the confusion you might get from the out of order randomness etc.. from this text.this is also going to be really long, as i will include many things both as background and as reason.if you struggle with things yourself, please do not take my text as a sign to be discouraged. i feel terrible when i see others struggle and i wish i could help them. let us start with a little about me my first name is adrian the rest will remain anon. i am just about to turn 24 years old, live in norway and have a stable full time job. i have an apartment, a car and money is not an issue.when most people hear that, they think i have life perfectly under control that i am more lucky than others. and to a degree that is true. i have been more lucky than many people in this world but it is not what i have in my possession that brings me happiness. what brings me down is my social anxiety combined with depression. i have a somewhat different type of social anxiety, but i was still diagnosed with it. i can be in crowds, be it in malls or shopping centers stores whatever it might be without an issue. talking to strangers is not an issue, unless it is random chatting. by that i mean, if i am to pay for what i am buying and have do exchange a few words with the clerk in order to get something from the medical cabinet or something similar i have no issues at all. i think that is because i know what to say, how to respond and all that it is all been done before enough times where i am comfortable doing it. when it comes to random chat however... it is tough to even do with my family. primarily because i have nothing to talk about. when i am at work, and my colleagues are having a chat i never join in because i have no clue how to participate. even the colleague who is just 1 year older than me seems to have done a million more things and therefor have a lot more to talk about. while i sit there, trying to think of something interesting i can mention but i am completely blank. when i do however get asked about something i do know, it is quite alright until i make some sort of mistake like stating a fact, that turned out to be false i feel like an idiot. i do not show that though i shrug it off and pretend i found it sort of funny. i live most of my life currently pretending i am happy, like everything is fine. i work at a place i cannot show my depression to others. i imagine most places would be like that however. i am quite good at that now, do not think most people know my life is... bad. let us go back in time a bit quite early in my life, after changing schools because of moving i was starting to become a target from bullies. the good old classic. some people would constantly pick on me, other people pretended to be disgusted when i was nearby some just ignored me and so on. the school's solution to this was to remove me from class... i thought back then that was great, get me away from those people. i have however come to realize that it was probably a bad solution. i never got to work with other students, never really had a chance to socialize the little bit you can during class. i was alone, with a teacher of my own. i did have a few friends, so that was something but long story short i messed that up and lost them.this went on until the end of 10th grade. get bullied, picked on and have a few nice people that i would stick with until something happened that made them go away. then high school arrived and i was excited for a new chance with new people. and of course i liked the school. the first few months, i attended school but gained no contacts. no one treated me bad so i did not really mind that.. until one day where i entered my classroom, 2 girls were standing by the door and laughed when i passed them. thinking back at it now, i think it was just a coincidence but back then it dropped my self esteem right back to the ground. 1 of those girls i even found attractive, so that did not help. then after a little more time things become quite good. i became friends with a few in class, and the rest still treated me quite alright. the only thing that made me feel bad was the thought i still had not had a girlfriend. this was at the age of 16, quite early to sob about such a thing. . year 2 of high school, i went the route for car mechanics. i was back at the start of having no contacts, friends or such. i was still treated alright by everyone though. i asked some people if i could join them when they drove to the store to get lunch some were over 18 and they said i would be able to join them it one of the car seats were not taken by a spare wheel. i felt neutral about that, because at least they did not talk down on me or anything. later that year i made friends again. great right? indeed it was, school was fun again. fun fact, one of the people in this group was the girl i earlier stated i found attractive. the only relevant things from the rest of the year is about said girl. she was now a friend and i did not want to ruin that. so despise people saying she was interested in me i took no chances. so i treated her as a friend, until near christmas where i finally decided to somewhat casually ask her about going out and do something together. that was the day she just became the girlfriend of someone else in class. i was back at the bottom, but pretended to be happy. back then i was terrible at pretending and people kept asking why i was down. did not feel it was worth talking about so i walked away. she, and the others though did remain my friends out that year. school year ended, and people from that group started to become somewhat snappy passive aggressive. so i gave up on them too. i did however remain friends with said girls boyfriend. next year, i retake the same year but with another subject. same procedure, sit alone most of the time at first then i make 2 friends. we shared interest in gaming so we played online quite a bit. i believe these 2 were the best friends i had made. there is of course a girl in class i found attractive and she had a difficult personality to understand... i misunderstood her all the time and kept thinking she despised me. that of course did make me feel horrible a lot during that year. at this time, i do believe my main because of depression was things like this. the year ends, and i have to find a job but i fail. i think i got 1 singular interview during the summer. they did not want me there so i was without a job. here is where i got lucky, a company calls me and asks me to come in for an interview. i get there, and see the attractive girl from last school year was also called in for an interview. at this point i do however realize i am not despised and we had neutral opinions of each other. at least that is what i believe . both of us get the job as apprentices , so there is that. during the next 2 years nothing interesting happens, except me constantly feeling horrible about life and not having a single good experience on apps like tinder and so on. before i continue, let us fill out a bit how dating apps have hurt me. by the time i had reached 18, my depression was quite strong. i did honestly feel like people hated me but were nice and hid it. while using the apps, i was often unmatched within the first 5 seconds of matching. that did hurt when it had happened for the 20th time. i never dared to say hi to anyone so that is my fault i guess. those who said hi to me first made me feel good! for about 5 minutes until you could clearly tell in the messages they were uninterested. like the saying, talking to a wall. these apps, did bring me even further down overall. never up. back to the real life part. amp x200b after 2 years you take sort of an exam, and after that you are no longer an apprentice. i scored maximum. 3 points, excellent. so did the girl i was working with. one of the people i worked with suggested i invited the girl out for a celebratory dinner for finishing school 100 with a good score. it was worth a shot. she denied that immediately. this did, once again destroy me inside, but in the long run it was for the better. both of us get's the opportunity to continue working for a partner company as long as the interview goes well. that it did. we both remained colleagues so that is when i realized it was indeed good she said no. about at this time though, i make a incredibly stupid decision to reset my social life . i thought if i could get myself into a completely new social environment i would maybe have a better life in general. i did this because i was still constantly feeling horrible like people disliked me and such. after this i never made new friends, and 3 soon 4 years later here i am still alone. i have never found another opportunity even to make new friends, i no longer meet new people. the people i meet at work are a lot older no offence to them . and those my age still seem to look down on me. that is the big thing with me, i feel like everyone looks down on me even without proof. the thing is, with social anxiety is one notices so many details of how one reacts to your presence. even to details that were never even there. i still am like this... quite a bit of people have given me suggestions on how to deal with things i have even tried talking to a psychologist. nothing worked. when people say good things to be it goes in one ear, and out the other. when people say rude things, it sticks like glue. i cannot take praises seriously anymore. i cannot take advices. i do not see the worth of anything. all in all, i really wish i never existed. i have done nothing good to this world. i have been destroyed i no longer want help. i just want it to be over. the only things that make me feel good, even just for a moment is random things like a stranger saying something nice. compliments from people i know, do nothing. i honestly think, the only thing that would get me out of this she will is a semi random situation that for example results in me making a new acquaintance. but we all know that is not how the world works, especially for someone who is always at home when he is not at work. summary i do not think i can be helped anymore. my mind instantly switches anything positive to the negative. i was recently back at a neutral state, but then i had yet again a negative experience with another person which brought right back down to the floor. i feel worthless and all the other negative emotions one tend to feel during depression. this text became a complete mess, i know. there is even a ton of stories i wanted to fit in but it will just clutter it all up at this point. the results of my depression was, a couple years back i made a deal with myself.i will give life a chance to redeem itself. i have set a date in the future which i will not share but it is still several years until. if i still live alone, with no friends with no sense of purpose with no light in the tunnel i am in... i will take my leave. it did in a way help to unload this, but not as much as i had hoped because it did at the same time bring back couple bad memories of life.. i do not really plan on paying attention to the comments here, but knowing myself i will probably still do it. i would also like to finally point out, that as mentioned partially in rule 5. most replies with long explanations that in short just tells you that just to this and it all works out will not work. i am a very complicated work of machinery not literally . for those who are just reading thanks for your time, and if you are struggling with something i do truly hope you figure it out.. i know how it is... i just cannot figure out my issues. not everyone can be helped
sorry this is long but i doubt anyone will even read this but i just need to get this off my chest. i have always struggled with depression since i was a young child. on and off numerous medications throughout the years, nothing worked because, at the end of the day, i did not have things in life that brought me joy as others did. i was an awkward introvert with anxiety and depression. i fought through depression for years and really busted my but to get a good job and work up and create goals for myself to really not let depression get me. i have a great job. i am so grateful for what i have and yet.... life. just. feels. pointless. i feel like i am drifting with no direction and i cannot seem to pull myself out of this pit. everything this i do just does not make this feeling go away. therapy and acknowledging why i have attachment issues and things from my past doest change the feelings. i understand my past, i understand my issues, but knowing this or talking about it does not change my obsessive thoughts and deep depression. medications never stopped my thoughts, sleeping pills barely helped my sleep. on top of my already struggling chemical depression, i feel my life has just gone down the drain of everything i worked for. ill skip the childhood and long list of life trauma and jump to the past year topresent. since i worked hard to overcome those....my fiance and i broke up because i walked away from a toxic situation to try to better my life. he was bipolar. anxiety medication made me gain 40lbs i was underweight before so this was not making me obese but it still did not feel good and cannot' seem to shake it i have lost 6 family members in the past 3 years including my sister. my fiance told me not to bother him with my grieving because it was annoying. so i learned to just deal on my own. when i was trying to move on from my ex, my male friend tried to rape me at a party. when i tried to talk to anyone about it everyone just told me to get over it so i did and kept on moving forward. i moved my job and gave up the home i owned to be with my ex, who changed his mind. learned to appreciate it and enjoyed the ride. i am living in a temporary apartment trying to decide where to live with no furniture bc why bother if i do not stay. lived trying to appreciate how nice it is in a new place. i had a pay cut at work due to the pandemic forcing me to live in a cheaper place far away and now have to travel 1.5 hours to the office each way. but that is okay, more time for audio books. i did not let any of those things get me down. i tried to just find happiness in everyday things and get through. i knew walking away from a bad relationship would be hard, but that it would lead me to a better life. things started to look up, i got a raise, i started working out daily, was really putting in the effort to say yes to things instead of no, spent a lot of time outdoors, read as many books as i could. joined a few dating sites to keep my options open to love. a year after my break up and moving out we had a long weekend at work for the 4th. i got depressed, no friends were around, i felt so lonely and pathetic. went running, to the pool, i got myself some nice craft beers and just started reading, watching funny movies and just tried to pull myself out of this. even treated myself to sushi to try to cheer me up and just enjoy my time with myself. but by the final day of a long weekend alone, after many many months alone. i just broke down and cried. ended up drinking a bit and just let it out. felt my depression. but then. random burst inside of my overwhelmed me and i said to myself...i will not give up. i am awesome and great and i know someone will see that. i am fun to be with, loveable, funny, i have a great career, finances growing, i got this, made a visionboard. so after 1 year of dating sites, i have talked to hundreds and hundreds of guys. i feel like i can tell pretty quickly when i click or do not, and really have not experienced any conversation of interest. i still knew id find someone but was picky for a conncetion. people told me it was because i was not open or wanted my ex, but i really was open, i just could not find the chemistry i was looking for in a partner. i really try to add to the convo and ask questions and elaborate to build connections, i am really good one on one building connections. but then... an incoming message from someone new. just another guy that took the time to write something out but the responses had so much personality to them. i started getting excited to see them come in. we moved to another chat app and starting messaging from sun up to sun down every day for a few days, then he asked me out. he was busy but wanted to make it for the following weekend. we continued to chat all day every day completely connecting on so many levels. he really confirmed he was interested in me and was so excited to meet me and was clear i was what he was looking for and everything we chatted about was deep and connected and understanding and always followed up that we were still interested. nothing really changed and then in the second week of chatting, pics, and videos. we were writing back and forth, he usually initiated and we both continued the convo. nothing happened or was said but it one second after i respond i was left with unread . never heard from him again and it is been about a week and he never even opened the message. i sent another one a few days ago just expressing i wish him the best and enjoyed chatting and such but thought we connected and were still interested. that was never opened as well. i had not been blocked thought, maybe that was something as my mind obsessively overthinks it. anyways, skip to a week later. i got too attached to someone i never met. i was walking on air excited to chat with someone i was so into. we talked too much it honestly felt implied we would clearly be dating after meeting and that was just a formality. i get it, i was stupid to care before the meeting. but i could not help it. i was still chatting with others to not put eggs in a basket but no one had my attention as he did. it felt easy and effortless. i took a break from online dating to recoup and ground myself. obsessive thoughts consumed me. what happened? what did i do? he was so reassuring and thoughtful. i could not sleep for a week. i could not control my thoughts of failure after a year of trying after my fiance and i broke up. i stared at my computer all week watching emails and emails come in with no desire to respond. depression has taken over. i decided to take to reddit just to let my feelings out. i am finding work so pointless. making money for what? to be alone? i had a few friends, they were depressed too getting out of bad situations as well and trying to find love. all of a sudden last night. i hit the worst low continuing into today. my friends have all left, two found new fresh love and are on the moon with joy after barely anytime being single inspired by how happy they saw me talking to that guy and they took to themselves and found people quickly and enjoying their start and really do not want to deal with depressed me. i was the one being so optimistic to them, telling them they got this and really trying to radiate positive energy. i am happy for them i wanted to see this as the universe showing love around me as if it was close for me too....but the universe slammed me with the same day, another death. another male friend cut me out because i told him that i did not see a romantic future with him and he kept trying to manipulate me to want the same things. it got ugly. my ex reached out saying he wished he could have loved me but just does not and does not know why he cannot care about me but wished he could. i got so low, made a call to everyone on my phone list that i talk to, and no one was around. i went for run. talked to a shrink who told me just to meetup with someone and get out. that is always the advice no one was around. walked for 4 hours straight. called a psychic just to give me some hope, something. just ended up making me feel worse. i am now sitting on my computer writing on reddit drinking whiskey out of the bottle realizing that i am defeated. i think my depression has won. i tried to overcome all these situations, better myself. now i am realizing i feel more depressed a year out of my toxic relationship than i ever felt in it. wishing i had it back because this feels worse. i cannot get myself to work. i am distracted in my mind all day every day. i cannot make myself leave my bed. i feel left behind. like everyone is moving along and no matter how hard i try. i keep getting kicked. i stare at the ceiling for hours on end. everything i tried to do to stay positive came collapsing. donated some money to some charities. tried to volunteer but i get anxious in groups. bought some nice things incase i got a date, to make me feel good. did a juice cleanse to boost my health. increased my exercise. i was going to my apartment pool, gym, anything to get myself out and about. at this point now. i cannot even get myself to watch tv or a movie, cannot read a book, cannot work. every time i get a mere boost of energy to be positive i get more news that brings me down. staring at a phone checking for that message that never comes. the psychic told me to change my energy. i feel like everything i do has failed and i am in such a dark place right now. i see loneliness or the company of people i force myself to be around since i am an introvert and do not connect with just anyone. i cleaned, i decluttered, i did all these positive things. even feng shui and crystals around the place to create good energy. i thought i had the light at the end of the tunnel after that long weekend, but now, i am at such a low i really cannot get myself out of it. i do not even have those small moments of pulling it together to clean or shower like i did before. i will probably get in trouble at work but i wish i could care but just do not. happiness should not depend on other people, i know this. but what do you do when nothing brings you joy. i was happy alone for a while, i liked myself, i saw myself as a catch and worthy of love. but now, i just feel kicked and defeated as nothing will ever change and all the men i like do not want me. the men i do not see a connection with romantically try to hurt me. or manipulate me. if life is settling, what is the point. if all there is work and exercise. i just do not see the joy in life. i give up. i am really really sad right now. i feel my life is pointless. like is life really just holding on every day? there has to be more than just holding on. i was able to work through a lot of things but now i do not feel it. i do not feel like life gets better. i just feel defeated and at the lowest darkness i have ever felt. i overcame things for what? i feel so dark and low. thanks to whoever is reading this and letting me vent this, long annoying rambling. i have hit my lowest low in life as of today...i just give up
we ve been seeing a worrying increase in pro suicide content showing up here and and also going unreported this undermines our purpose here so we wanted to highlight and clarify our guideline about both direct and indirect incitement of suicide we ve created a wiki that cover these issue we hope this will be helpful to anyone who s wondering whether something s okay here and which response to report it explains in detail why any validation of suicidal intent even an innocent message like if you re 00 committed i ll just wish you peace is likely to increase people s pain and why it s important to report even subtle pro suicide comment the full text of the wiki s current version is below and it is maintained at r suicidewatch wiki incitement http www reddit com r suicidewatch wiki incitement we deeply appreciate everyone who give responsive empathetic non judgemental support to our ops and we particularly thank everyone who s already been reporting incitement in all form please report any post or comment that encourages suicide or that break any of the other guideline in the sidebar to the moderator either by clicking the report button or by sending u a modmail http www reddit com message compose to fr fsuicidewatch with a link we deal with all guideline violation that are reported to u a soon a we can but we can t read everything so community report are essential if you get a pm that break the guideline please report it both to the reddit sitewide admins http www reddit com report and to u in modmail thanks to all the great citizen of the community who help flag problem content and behaviour for u r suicidewatch wiki incitement http www reddit com r suicidewatch wiki incitement summary it s important to respect and understand people s experience and emotion it s never necessary helpful or kind to support suicidal intent there are some common misconception discussed below about suicidal people and how to help them that can cause well meaning people to inadvertently incite suicide there are also people online who incite suicide on purpose often while pretending to be sympathetic and helpful validate feeling and experience not self destructive intention we re here to offer support not judgement that mean accepting with the best understanding we can offer whatever emotion people express suicidal people are suffering and we re here to try to ease that by providing support and caring the most reliable way we know to de escalate someone at risk is to give them the experience of feeling understood that mean not judging whether they should be feeling the way they are or telling them what to do or not do but there s an important line to draw here there s a crucial difference between empathizing with feeling and responding non judgmentally to suicidal thought and in any way endorsing encouraging or validating suicidal intention or hopeless belief it s both possible and important to convey understanding and compassion for someone s suicidal thought without putting your finger on the scale of their decision anything that condones suicide even passively encourages suicide it isn t supportive and doe not help it also violates reddit s sitewide rule a well a our guideline explicitly inciting suicide online is a criminal offense in most jurisdiction do not treat any op s post a meaning that will definitely die by suicide and can t change their mind or be helped anyone who s able to read the comment here still ha a chance to choose whether or not to try to keep living even if they ve also been experiencing intense thought of suicide made a suicide plan or started carrying it out in the most useful empirical model we have http www apa org science about psa 009 0 sci brief the desire to die by suicide primarily come from two interpersonal factor alienation and a sense of being a burden or having nothing to offer these factor usually lead to a profound feeling of being unwelcome in the world so any acceptance or reinforcement of suicidal intent even something innocent like i hope you find peace is actually a form of covert shunning that validates a person s sense that they re unwelcome in the world it will usually add to their pain even if kindly meant and gently worded how to avoid validating suicidal intent keep the following in mind when offering support to anyone at risk for suicide people who say they don t want help usually can feel better if they get support that doesn t invalidate their emotion unfortunately many popular good response are actually counterproductive http www speakingofsuicide com 0 0 0 what not to say in particular many friend and family tend to rely exclusively on trying to convince the suicidal person that it s not so bad and this is usually experienced a i don t understand what you re going through and i m not going to try people who ve had help that made them feel worse don t want any more of the same it doesn t mean that someone who actually know how to be supportive can t give them any comfort most people who are suicidal want to end their pain not their life it s almost never true that death is the only way to end these people s suffering of course there are exceptional situation and we certainly acknowledge that for some people the right help can be difficult to find but preventing someone s suicide doesn t mean prolonging their suffering if we do it by giving them real comfort and understanding an unfixable problem doesn t mean that a good life will never be possible we don t have to fix or change anything to help someone feel better it s important to keep in mind that the correlation between our outer circumstance and our inner experience is weaker and le direct than commonly assumed for every kind of difficult life situation you will find some people who lapse into suicidal despair and others who cope amazingly well and a whole spectrum in between a key difference is how much inner resilience the person ha at the time this can depend on many personal and situational factor but when there s not enough interpersonal support can both compensate for it absence and help rebuild it we go into more depth on the it get better issue in this psa post http www reddit com r suicidewatch comment igd whats wrong with it get better what if it doesnt which is always linked from our sidebar community info on mobile guideline there are always more choice than brutally forcing someone to stay alive or passively letting them end their life to avoid accidentally breaking the anti incitement rule don t say or try to imply that acting on suicidal thought is a good idea or that someone can t turn back or is already dead do whatever you can to help them feel cared for and welcome at least in this little corner of the world our talking tip http redd it igh offer more detailed guidance look out for deliberate incitement it may come in disguise often comment that subtly encourage suicidal intent actually come from suicide fetishist and voyeur unfortunately this is a real and disturbing phenomenon http en wikipedia org wiki william francis melchert dinkel people like this are out there and the anonymous nature of reddit make u particularly attractive to them they will typically try to scratch their psychological itch by saying thing that push people closer to the edge they often do this by exploiting the myth that we debunked in the bullet point above specifically you might see people doing the following encouraging the false belief that the only way suicidal people can end their pain is by dying there are always more and better choice than brutally forcing someone to stay alive or helping actively or passively them to end their life creating an artificial and toxic sense of solidarity by linking their encouragement of suicide to empathy they will represent themselves a the only one who really understand the suicidal person while either directly or indirectly encouraging their self loathing emotion and self destructive impulse since most people in suicidal crisis are in desperate need to empathy and understanding this is a particularly dangerous form of manipulation many suicide inciter are adept at putting a benevolent spin on their activity while actually luring people away from source of real help a couple of key point to keep in mind skilled suicide intervention peer or professional is based on empathic responsiveness to the person s feeling that reduces their suffering in the moment contrary to pop culture myth it doe not involve persuasion don t do it cheerleading you ve got this or meaningless false promise trust me it get better or invalidation let me show you how thing aren t a bad a you think anyone who lead others to expect these kind of toxic response or any other response that prolongs their pain from expert help may be covertly pro suicide of course people sometimes do have bad experience when seeking mental health treatment and it s fine to vent about those but processing our own disappointment and frustration is entirely different from trying to destroy someone else s hope of getting help choice made by competent responder are always informed by the understanding that breaching someone s trust is traumatic and must be avoided if possible any kind of involuntary intervention is an extremely unlikely outcome when someone consults a clinician or call a hotline confidentiality is addressed in more detail in our hotlines faq post http redd it c ntr the goal is always to provide all help with the client s full knowledge and informed consent we know that no individual or system is perfect mistake that lead to bad experience do sometimes happen to vulnerable people and we have enormous sympathy for them but anyone who suggests that this is the norm might be trying to scare people away from the help they need please let u know discreetly http www reddit com message compose to fr fsuicidewatch if you see anyone exhibiting these or similar behaviour we don t recommend trying to engage with them directly
this happened a little while ago but it still bothers me that the person who was supposed to help me did me so dirty. about 5 years ago now i was really struggling and made the decision to try therapy one more time as i finally had insurance that would cover part of it. prior to this id attempted therapy twice, once was 2 sessions with a student counselor through my college but i was ultimately told that the free counselors they could provide were not qualified to handle my range of trauma and that it would be better if a sought out a licensed therapist, which i could not afford. the next time i did try and go to someone who was licensed, they also told me i was not a good fit. i was seemingly functioning fine in the day to day i thought i was, in retrospect not at all and again my trauma was not their skill set. they suggested i seek out someone specialized. so i gave up for a while. it was not until my life was taking a major dive and i realized i was out of control to stop it that i tried again. shortly before i began looking for a therapist, i was diagnosed with adhd at the age of 26. in general, i am so pissed at not being listened to or just overlooked by doctors. that could be its own rant. but i was only diagnosed because i asked if it was possible. id learned the actual symptoms of how adhd presents in both women and adults for the first time and it was eye opening. so much of what id complained about or told doctors i struggled with attention, time management, zoning off explained in one simple and now obvious thing. the tests were more than conclusive. so when i came across a therapist that specialized in adhd along with, supposedly, some of my other specific traumas, i felt it would be good to be able to figure out a path forward with someone who understood how adhd affects how i might function and think. the first red flag i should have paid more attention to, and i am still shocked by it. i had started to suspect i might be bipolar in addition to my depression, but was scared what that might mean for me. a few sessions in i brought it up. i still clearly remember her response oh no, you are not bipolar. you have cyclical depression. bipolar you would have manic episodes where you think you can fly or kidnap a kid and think its your own, or do really impulsive, damaging things . i said the last bit sounds like me and she said but you do not think you can fly or that you are invincible right? i said no, she said not bipolar. i have never been diagnosed to this day, but the older i get the more i suspect it, and i know that there is more than one type of bipolar, and think she was very wrong to dismiss me. if she would have let me, i would have told her how i have times where i am convinced nothing bad will come of spending money that leaves me in financial ruin time and time again and i know its not normal. or how i moved to a different country on a split second decision. or how every tattoo i have ever had i have decided to get and gotten within 48 hours or less, with no foresight and usually regret after. at the start she was easy to talk to, and ended up helping me with my adhd by giving me a referral to a doctor that specializes in only mental health, and they prescribed me meds that have vastly improved my quality of life. we did not focus on my past trauma at the beginning, its really hard for me to bring up and she would never ask me anything or suggest something from my life we should talk about except the adhd. which to me was a small facet of my life that was now being taken care of by the prescribing doctors 1 hour sessions, at the beginning there were 5 or 6 in the first 3 months and now they are once every 3 months . it got to the point of me just complaining about my problems from the week or my stresses about the upcoming week which was not really the reason i started going but it still helped. she would try and tie everything to the adhd and i just let it go. i did not have the energy to find another therapist, i still figured wed get around to it eventually, and just knowing i had my weekly appointment coming up helped me get through a lot of the daily crap that would come up and id have to deal with. after about 9 months or so of weekly sessions, she shocked me one day by telling me that she did not think she would be able to help me as i was too resistant to discussing the adhd and that it was not worth the financial strain of the copay which it was, i still paid 50 each session to talk about my day to day problems. she said we should focus on an end date unless i was willing to put more work in to it. i said we still had not gotten around to any of what i told her i needed to deal with in my first session, and she said that she was not really qualified for the extent of my trauma but that we could try though she suggested i see multiple counselors at the same time and that was probably the only way id be able to get the help i needed. now, possibly the most overwhelming of my past trauma is abandonment related. which she knew. in my brain there would never be an end to therapy. i was settling in to the idea of seeing her and every week until i moved or she retired. i was comfortable there, i felt safe with her and the routine, so when she said we should end things it brought it all back. i can truly see that moment as when the final dominos started to fall. i went from feeling to safe to desperate to be worthy. i agreed to whatever just so she would not end the sessions. the first thing she did was something that she told me was a new, exciting method to help patients stop disassociating and bring them in to the present. was disassociating a problem, a little, but later found out what id been describing to her is maladaptive daydreaming. she just decided it was disassociation because of the adhd.the method was this first you closed your eyes and sat very still and centered yourself. she would say feel your feet, feel your hands, feel your breath, etc. basic meditation grounding exercises you can get free on youtube. then you would open your eyes and for however long until she said stop you had to tell her exactly what you are feeling and noticing and thinking presently. you could not think or say i am really stressed. it had to be physical like, i see a clock on the wall. my leg itches. there is a book on the bookshelf with a red spine. anytime you would veer off a little, she would stop you and make you do it right. i hated it. every time id make these complaints, she would tell me its supposed to be uncomfortable, that is how you know its working. the thing was, id spend all week preparing to talk about something important. id take notes on what i wanted to talk about. i remember a few times i brought in letters or journals from my past i wanted to discuss and wed never get around to any of it because she would spend at least the first 30 minutes doing the damn exercises, and another 5 minutes every other session trying to convince me to join her adhd group therapy sessions, which were another 50 copay , no matter how many times i said no. i started leaving feeling frustrated and sad that i had not gotten to discuss what was actually quite difficult for me to prepare to say. perhaps because of the fact that every single session i showed up with heavy thoughts on my mind and every single session she would force us to begin with this stupid exercise, but she made me so much worse . id been casually disassociating forever . she did not teach me any skills to process or cope with these things being on the surface. but now my anxiety is tied with my life, i cannot separate the two. doing things like looking at a clock or noticing a book on a shelf gives me anxiety. i am constantly overwhelmed by that fear of impending doom whenever i try and focus on reality. the only way i can get some respite is if i can manage to zone out the rest of the world entirely, which includes my day to day. i went from functional to entirely non functional. therapy with her ended when i had decided to move, which went badly. i was going to move in with a friend across the country. in the weeks leading up to the move anytime i expressed my doubts or fear something would go wrong she would tell me to stop focusing on the worry and just let something good happen. yea, well, friend showed up to drive back with me and was a major ah and went from being my absolute best friend i have ever had, still, to years later were still not speaking. and i had no skills to cope, and had one of the worst breakdowns of my life. these days i am not even a little okay. i am not bringing in enough to make ends meet. my car is my income and it needs repairs. i used to shower daily, now sometimes i cry because i want to shower so bad and cannot bring myself to do it. the depression makes it so hard to get out the door and work, and if i do not manage it then the depression gets worse. i signed up for cerebral tonight because i need help bad and my insurance does not cover it. my grandma is helping me pay for it for now which makes me feel awful but i cannot on my own. my first therapist appointment is monday and i am so scared they are going to be like all the others and tell me they cannot help me. i am so alone and lost idk what ill do if they cannot. my grandma is the only person i know within a 4 hour drive, and for reasons id rather not go in to is not the best emotional support. if you made it to the end, thanks so much for listening. remember you are not alone, and who you are is beautiful. i am starting therapy again after my last one was a horrible experience and i need to vent about it for a minute
i am frustrated. that is the constant theme with my life. i just turned 30 last month and never really even wanted to make it that far in this state of mediocrity. my stepdad broke me as a person growing up. i am frankly terrified of men, especially loud obnoxious southern men like him who seem to all spout out endless streams of racist hate and blind adherence to tradition. he is the exact definition of the type of person i hate most and i see him in seemingly every man i have to interact with. and as a man, i am expected to be the same. and i am terrified of standing up to them all so i just stay quiet. i am just as much to blame as they are for so much that is wrong in the world because i am so chickenshit i cannot call them out when they are wrong.i spent between the ages of 17 23 absorbed in a religious phase that wasted away any potential i had. i developed a passivity that still lingers to this day, although in a more secular form. i hated my life then and did not want to admit it out of some sense of guilt so i just focused every aspect of my life around anticipating death in hopes of finally getting to reach some illusionary paradise in an afterlife. i did not care about anything. i just wanted some job i could tolerate to get myself through life until i could finally die. i thought too much and read too much to put it simply and started to question how the world worked. i began to take seriously the possibility that my religion was incorrect and that there might not actually be any meaning, any purpose other than what i defined for myself. i became obsessed with trying to correct my life's trajectory, having wasted away the years i should have been using to achieve education in favor of christian superstition i had filled my head with. i wanted to be brilliant more than anything. i wanted to try to make up for what i had lost. i tried like hell to get myself straightened out and through school but failed horribly at it. i took on a few jobs trying to pay my way through school and hated every second of them, surrounded constantly by the kind of person my stepdad was. the kind of person i am apparently supposed to be in order to be a good, god fearing american. i spent another year trying to cling desperately to something i could live for. i got myself out of my mom's house at least so that i was finally away from her own brand of religious nonsense. i successfully got into an actual relationship for the first time in my life and basically just coasted through the next few years. i obviously could not go to school since i had fucked that up. so i just did menial work i hated and coped with life as best as i could. i could not help myself and started seriously studying on my own a couple years ago, right around the beginning of 2018. with no direction or guidance, i basically just gravitated wildly toward any philosophical topic i could find that interested me and began to seriously write in an attempt at parsing my own view of reality and my place in it, as well as where to go from there. this project continued along with my regular visits to therapy and medication that i genuinely believed helped me at the time. my counselor began to suggest i look into trying to return to school again. it was something i was afraid of, but i did start to research it and found that it was possible for me to do it. i went back to school in fall 2019 and loved it. i certainly did not feel any connection to any fellow students, but it gave me regular intellectual challenges and a sense of growth. i was not able to take as many classes in person as i would have liked to because of work, but i tried to make the most of the experience. 2020 everything went to shit for everyone it seemed, and i was no exception. i had started to develop psoriatic arthritis over the past year and this escalated to a point where i lost most of my grip strength and could barely function physically at all. given that the only things i am qualified to do for pay involve mindlessly moving things around or doing repetitive physical tasks, i felt broken and useless at doing something i hated but had to do no matter what if i wanted to survive. i began to consider suicide for the first time in years and wound up hospitalized. i eventually lost my job in the summer and struggled until i could get some treatment for psa. when i started infusions i felt immediate relief and regained some sense of utility as a person. i was struggling with balancing classes with the job i was able to get and i jumped around aimlessly between a few jobs. i lost the last job i had in january. i was working at a food bank thrift store donation center and missed work so i could attend a job interview elsewhere. it was not that i hated the job, i simply hated being there and having to work for a literal church. i hated sitting in employee meetings and hearing everyone ramble about how all the problems were caused by satan and that we needed to remain strong against the enemy knowing full well that they meant people like me. useless godless leftist scum who just get in the way. i never got the job i interviewed for and i have been jobless ever since. i lived off savings and unemployment through that time. i lost my patience with school because as always i fail at every endeavor it seems. i felt out of place trying desperately to claw my way into an academic setting i had no business being in as someone from a working class background. i have no patience for formalities, for gatekeeping, or for endless bureaucracy. i cannot fathom suffering through another 6 years of this to hopefully stand a chance at being valued as someone worth taking seriously when i know statistically that is incredibly unlikely. i do not have contacts, i do not know anyone, i have no shortcuts i can take. i haphazardly withdrew from college in early april citing frustration with my lack of belonging in a field which is more interested in maintaining extant social institutions than upending them. as someone who actively hates society as it is, i have lost nearly all interest in attempting to stabilize it as though we need only vote for the right liberal every four years to make everything better while nothing materially changes and the rest of the world suffers for it. i phrases my withdrawal in a way which understandably appeared to indicate a threat to myself and campus police came and made me go to the er. another hospital stay. i have stopped talking to my girlfriend about this stuff. she does not really care or seem to understand anymore and has told me as much at times. she is comfortable with her place in the world where she can rely on the police to handle her problems for her and get rid of those pesky undesirables who make too much noise at night rather than going and having a discussion with them herself. and i am no better. they do not bother me like they seem to bother her, but i cannot shake the fear that the situation will escalate out of control.anyway i still have no job and i have no desire to return to college, having once again wasted more years of my life. i am tired of going outside every goddamn day and being hounded by people trying to give me religious pamphlets and by my family telling my to pray and everything will get better. i just want someone to take me fucking seriously for once in my life when i beg them to stop shoving religious shit in my face. and i am too fucking cowardly to outright tell them i am an atheist. they cannot even comprehend how such a thing could be possible. it is as though christianity is some truth embedded in nature itself. i am terrified of finding work again because my work history is terrible and i have become obsessed with the desire to live authentically, which seems impossible to reconcile with the daily process of work. i am an inconvenience on society, which would rather like to just go about their lives praying and patiently waiting for an afterlife they will never get and insisting that i and others do the same, going so far as to legislate their preferred world into existence. i just want to get out of everyone is way and be left alone. i am tired of hating their ignorant fucking superstitions to the point where it is exhausting and i just want to die so i can stop bothering them. i am terrified of dying because the only thing i really care about anymore are my two cats. and i do not think my girlfriend would be able to keep them since her family is allergic and i cannot stand the thought of them suffering but i cannot stand the thought of suffering myself. i am a bitter asshole and i just want to see the world look like it might someday be a tolerable place to live in, but we are just going to cook ourselves to death slowly while making a quick buck along the way. i cannot write for shit anymore. my mind is everywhere. i do not know how the fuck i can work like this and i do not even want to at all. i do not do anything but sit around playing video games these days because they give me some semblance of control over something . i run a d amp d campaign every week. and i have my cats. these are small things but they are all i have anymore. i do not think humanity is ever going to unfuck itself and i do not want to sit around watching it get worse. but i simultaneously do not want to let go of these brief, tiny pleasures. i am trying to figure out a way to just stay out of everyone is way so i can at least live out my cats' lives. in a sense i am back where i was before. just waiting to die. wanting to just get by long enough to finally be rid of it. i hate this. just want to get out of everyone is way
my entire life has spontaneously combusted over the last couple of months. a 7 year relationship that i moved across the country for four years ago ended suddenly. my ex partner, my best friend in the world, within a month of our breakup, started dating a mutual friend who has spent the entirety of the pandemic harassing, bullying, manipulating, and gaslighting our friends conveniently, everyone but my partner. she has been aware of this, to the extent that i have been comfortable confiding in her, because this friend has been making many of us feel like garbage . meanwhile she is only gotten closer to them as they have driven a wedge between themselves and the rest of us, and the way she describes them is exactly the opposite of how the rest of us experience them she excuses their behavior easily with things they have told her, but she does not see how a million separate excuses for individual examples of horrible behavior add up to a really ugly picture of a pathological liar and manipulator.and now, suddenly within a month of our breakup, they are fucking. meanwhile i am trying and failing to find a place to live and a place to work. my best lead on an apartment right now needs me to have a job i was high risk for covid and went on unemployment and have been struggling to find work , i finally gave up after getting absolutely no responses and applied at a cafe my friend works at, lowering my standards down to the fucking floor. but the commute there is an hour both ways by bus despite being a 15 minute drive .i am going to end up in an apartment alone which scares me i have been depressed my whole life and have a lot of trouble with it when i am by myself, i cannot do any repetitive tasks without someone to talk to without cycling through suicidal thoughts even at the best of times , without my cat she is taking the cat because she can afford to, i cannot , losing my insurance when i left my job due to the pandemic our domestic partnership let me be added to hers and thus losing my therapist who was out of network for months, who i would been paying out of pocket for the whole time, 175 per week which i could not afford, who was finally very recently paneled by my insurance and was added to it , just as i am finally coming to terms with a lot of the gender issues and dysphoria i have dealt with my entire life which my partner helped me through a lot of, and i was just, finally sitting on the precipice of a lot of positive change .even after we broke up, she wanted to keep living with me. we found a perfect place. we applied, got accepted, they wrote the lease, sent it to us, and then she decided she wanted to live alone. she started spending more time with our abusive friend. they started dating, which is an insane rebound less than a month after the end of a 7 year relationship? and just... extremely insensitive to me generally i find it shitty to date within a friend group, but to date a friend's recent long term ex is about a thousand steps too far , and she even realizes this. she told me that, yeah, it was shitty. but she needed to do something for herself, to make herself happy.i am depressed. i have a low opinion of myself. i have a habit of telling myself that i deserve bad things. but i did not deserve that . i know i did not. i am still living with my ex because we are still on this lease they could not even wait until we lived separately .i was in a horrible pit of depression during the pandemic. shit kept going wrong. my mom attempted suicide right beforehand, it started right when i almost landed a new job, then george floyd and protests and wildfires and a thousand things, and i just sort of shut down due to depression. she felt like she was carrying the weight for both of us. which is fair. i wish i would been more... conscious, i guess.but to do something so immediate, so callous, so thoughtless, and then to tell me to my face that she recognizes that it is shitty but she does not care, and that she wants us to still be best friends despite it.she knows how i feel about them, has for a long time. she is always been my best friend, and i confided in her when i was afraid and confused and did not yet know the rest of our friends were experiencing the same thing. she knows how they have hurt me, hurt our other friends. she just keeps repeating the excuses they have given her.i am going to be stuck in a shitty job with two hours of commuting each day. i am going to be stuck alone in an apartment. i am not going to have the mental energy to do things i want to do i had just outlined most of a novel series, i was ready to start writing it right before the breakup i will not have the mental capacity or time to find another fucking job. i had just been grappling with this gender dysphoria and was looking into transitioning. i do not know that i can do that alone. i do not know that i can do anything if i am spending 11 hours of my day, 5 days a week traveling and working. my supposed best friend honestly just fucking betrayed me her leaving suddenly hurt, but jumping in bed with the last fucking person in the world i would ever be comfortable around, someone she knows well has hurt me. i had already been grappling with her dating other people because she said she wanted to start dating casually i had wrapped my head around it, she said it would be a long time before she could even think about entering another actual relationship... and then, suddenly, she starts fucking an abusive, manipulative, horrible presence in my life, someone our friends have been working up to a confrontation with as they continue to sink their teeth in.i just do not know her anymore. she is a completely different person. i cannot understand what she sees in them, i cannot understand why she is doing any of this, it all came out of nowhere, and i cannot see my life getting any better from here. it feels like my life is over. it feels like i have nothing. even our friend group is fracturing because of this fucking manipulative bastard sitting in the middle of it, laughing while they tear people down around them. i have no motivation. i am confused. i am lost. i am empty. i feel like i keep falling off of cliffs, one after another.i could move back east, live with my mom again. she is been asking me to do that the whole four years i have lived out west. she cries. she says she is depressed, has nothing without me, that she does not know what to do without me. but living with her was miserable. i could not do anything. i could not flourish. and then after 3 years of long distance i moved out west, giving up everything, and then i did flourish. for 4 years i grew and became something. i felt at home, at peace, i had a partner who i loved more than anything. we were a team, we were adventuring companions, we were each other's home.and now that is all gone. i do not know what to do. i do not know where to go from here. i feel empty and lost and shitty and i am stuck with the reality of this person who is been nothing but horrible to my friends and i running off with the woman i love, seemingly developing an entire false personality that is completely the opposite of how they behave whenever she is not around. they are the one fucking person in the world i could not handle her leaving me for. and fucking talking about them makes me feel insane, because developing an entire separate personality for the sake of manipulation sounds fucking crazy, it is something i would not believe at all if it is not something i was witnessing with my own eyes, and had not already seen my father do for years, and if i was the only one seeing it. but i am not. a number of us do.i just want to wake up. i just want to wake up from this dream. i gave everything for this relationship and now i have nothing. she still wants to be friends, she calls me her best friend, but friends do not act this callous, and i do not know how to be friends with someone who makes me feel this betrayed, this empty, this desperate and lonely and horrible.i do not want to be stuck in an apartment by myself, in a dead end job that eats up half of every day. i do not want to be stuck with my overbearing mom again. i do not want to be stuck with strangers. everyone i know is on a lease. none of these situations offer me the time or freedom or energy to be the person i have been fighting to become. i cannot imagine a version of the future that has any kindness, any hope. i have no motivation. i have had a knot in my gut for weeks that will not go away. i want this abuser out of my life. i want my best friend to at least act with some compassion. i want my cat. i want to feel home again, i want to feel family. i want to be able to eat without feeling sick.i want one more night where we sit together in bed reading separate books, and to turn off the lights to hold each other close. i want to go home again. i want to wake up from this fucking nightmare reality that i am stuck in where absolutely every single fear i have ever had is coming true. i want to stop feeling alone in this city i barely know, i want community and companionship and hope and inspiration and motivation and some fucking happiness.i want my fucking best friend back.instead i just feel empty of anything but gut wrenching pain. i am staring at a dead end future and nothing but bad options. fuck this. let me wake up. please, let me wake up. losing absolutely everything. betrayed by the most important person in my life. i am stuck in a bad dream i cannot wake up from.
apologies for length. there is a lot to explain and i just.. need to vent, need a hug, and need someone to tell me things will be okay.i miss my friends so much.i met them a few years ago, when we started spending every wednesday night at each others' places, seeing each others' faces, laughing, drinking, just.. basking in each others' warmth. and they made me feel that i was understood. that i finally had a space with them to be myself. they made me feel like i was worth something. starting march of last year, we had to stop getting together for the then foreseeable future, for obvious reasons. we still talked to each other every weds night with voice chat, played games with each other, all of that. we did not stop being friends. honestly, i do not know what shape i or they would be in if we had not had that solution. it was the best anyone could have done.but.. well.i do not.. love myself very much. hardly at all, really.it is genetics. i have major depression and anxiety from my mom and dad. i have asd formerly asperger's . and i have been told by my family that even very early on, i was withdrawn from and overwhelmed by the world. i had trouble trying to accomplish things, because i was convinced it would only end in failure.it is also trauma. my mother ran away from the family for a month or two when i was a toddler. her emotions were unstable and i had to learn to walk on eggshells and preempt her anger or disappointment by treating her well. my dad struggled with alcoholism though does not anymore and got in accidents. my parents had lots of shouting matches. i was molested by two separate neighbors when i was 7 or 8. at 14 i was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes after struggling with nausea, headaches, and spontaneous bedwetting which certainly did not help my middle schooler dignity for months. shortly after that diagnosis, my parents divorced. for years after, i had to act as their intermediary, which was extremely stressful since i feared both of them for different reasons. and so on. and so on. for the record, my relationship with both of my parents is much, much better today. they have owned up to their mistakes and are better people now. i think all of that has taught me that i am not worth loving. that others matter more. that i am best served by making others happy.when my friends and i had to stop seeing each other, i did not lose them. but.. i think i did lose some parts of those relationships faces to read, positions relative to one another in physical space that provided me with a sense of worthiness and validation that i otherwise.. was not capable of providing myself.over the course of covid, we continued to have voice chats and play games together on wednesday nights. but i began to act differently. i started going on about how lonely i was. even right after those nights, on my private twt account which they all followed , i made those sorts of comments. about how sad and hopeless i was. almost as if i were accusing them of not doing enough, when in reality we were doing all we could and all we would ever agreed to do.when i saw them sometimes get together online without me, i reacted in similar ways. even though some of them had been friends before i ever entered the picture. even though their hanging out outside of the group's wednesdays had nothing to do with excluding me and everything to do with them being good friends with each other.throughout all of this, i was feeling down about my job. i would been there for more than six years, but my pay had hardly gotten any higher, and covid reduced the in office staff which i was a part of to a skeleton crew. i hardly spoke a word to anyone over the course of a day anymore, because there just were not many people to speak words to. i was losing motivation and hope.in april of this year, i applied for a new job that paid better and looked doable, and received a response and interview very quickly. this should have been a red flag, but i ended up accepting the role and giving my two weeks' notice.the week i was to start this new job, i had two more days at the old position to train my replacement. but.. i would never trained anyone before. and we did not have any training resources to speak of. and the senior staff were still almost never in. and my coworker very plainly stated that they did not want to help with the training. and after two hours with the new hire, i would exhausted what little i would been able to prepare. and i excused myself to the bathroom. and i excused myself from the building. and i had a panic attack up the car garage elevator. and i went home and tried to sleep and tried to ignore my phone and continued to panic.and then i started in the new job. and while i understood the role to be clerical, the first half of the day was warehouse work. and i was horrified that i would been placed in the wrong position. the second half of the day, once the financial controller was able to get away from their desk, was indeed training on the clerical role. but it was so nuanced, and touched on so many points so randomly.. and the building was scary, clearly built for a staff of a couple dozen but currently hosting only four, including the owner..for a week this carried on, and i panicked and had sobbing fits and thoughts of self harm s c de every single night. i would never experienced anything like it before.after that week, and after discussing it with friends and family.. i resigned. it was just affecting me so dramatically that continuing on was not an option.while this was going on, i asked my friends for support and advice, which they graciously gave me. but i was also.. up at odd hours, especially once i would resigned, continuing to panic. and i poked at my friends. asked them for more attention and support than they would already given. more than they could reasonably give. i gave them stupid little updates on my state of mind. it was the sort of behavior i would been engaging in with them for a while now, amped up to 200.and it broke. and they told me how i was being. that i was triggering them with my behavior. that i was piling way, way too much onto them.and i felt awful. i would never meant to hurt them. they mattered so, so much to me, and i was being shitty. emotionally manipulative. i think i loved myself so little that i was trying to get all of my validation and comfort from them, especially at my most desperate.. and a person cannot give that much to you. it is not physically or emotionally possible. so.. i spoke to them in voice chat. apologized. they took my apology, and asked me to move on and be better.so. that is what i have been doing. i started therapy. started learning to be more self reliant. to love myself more, because i wanted to be a better friend, and because in the times i would not be able to receive love from them, i would be able to get it from some where. to not doubt myself so much. and, by extension, to not doubt my friends and how their behavior was or was not connected to me my self worth so much. to fight against intrusive thoughts of my worthlessness. to be my own friend.i have had some success. i have made some steps. i am proud of what i have accomplished, even if it is only been a short while. i am definitely in a better place than i was two or three months ago.but.i still miss my friends' faces and places and laughing and drinking and warmth. because regardless of my own strength, they give me.. tons more. and because i love them and their personalities and just being with them and sharing with them.and recently two of them said they are going to be so busy these next two weeks that they will not even be able to voice chat like normal , and. i am just scared and lonely.and my birthday's at the end of the month, and i am worried i will be spending it alone. they all have spouses, but all i have got is me. and while i am more comfortable with that today, it is still.. not much yet. and i.. want to be happy. i want a happy birthday. i have been so sad with very little break for months and months now. i want my friends back. i want to be happy. and maybe it is childish but i just want someone to hug me and tell me it is going to be okay.if you have.. any kind words, or anything, i would really appreciate it. i really am doing better than i was, but that does not mean i do not stumble, and i am struggling right now.regardless, thank you for reading all of this. because of my behavior over the past year, it would not be right to bring up every detail of this with my friend group. but i still want someone to see it.thank you. struggling with loneliness and self love cw mention of sexual trauma
don't know what to do anymore back when i was in high school i was struggling to make friends and didn't have the greatest of home lifes either my parents argued all the time and at times when they had no form of release for their anger and frustration i would end up their verbal punching bag or in extremely rare cases, physical action would be taken as well . back then i was on a constant mental decline due to loneliness and solitude i constantly found my self in. in order to try and combat it i did theater programs run through my school. the high school i was at is know for their theatre programs as well as their music department. though run by about 3 4 teachers, the school was known for how much it did within the field. the shows had thousands of dollars spent on them each year, the music students took trips to music competitions, with everyother year taking them to a competition in nyc. i loved theatre, even did quite well in it up until i was about 21, but it wasnt the environment of the school that got me into it. it was the fact that all the students seemed to friends with each other. casts of the school shows seemed like familys at times and with my home life the way it was, i wanted something like that. so i joined the select choir, that led to me being subtly hinted at to audition for the schools shows well, as subtle as people in that field could be . i did so hoping to join the family they created and got into the shows and was a part of the cast every year. now long story short i was never accepted fully into their family, it was those teenage years where they had already determined friend groups, but it allowed me time away from home for as many hours as possible. so some days with rehearsals or performances i would be at the school starting at 7 am until 11 pm. so i dedicated myself to the shows, they were the one thing that really kept me going. cut my senior year, i was known for being a bad student amongst my peers. i never did homework because i would be too depressed at home to do it, so many teachers would yell at me in front of other students in attempts to get me to improve my habits. none of it worked though, mostly due to the fact that test scores could easily out weigh a students homework score to create a passing grade and with me never really getting below a 90 percent on any test, it led me to focus on theatre instead. i loved it at this point, the fall semester i was planning to audition for colleges and try to make a career out of this. not only that but my school vocal director, who doubled as the musical director, chose a show we were gonna be dumping money into. i mean i think the show spent around 200k, fabrics imported for india, a large bell was made so it could be rung on stage without making a sound, costumes rented from the former professional touring production, it was a lot. i was excited for the year, my fellow seniors were all really talented and it felt like for once i had a piece of the future to look forward to, even if it was only 6 months worth of future. it didn't last long though. before the call back list was posted one day many of us were hanging out in the vocal directors classroom, one girl was sitting behind the desk of the director since it was the most comfortable chair there when she started going though some of the directors things. when pressed about it she said she was looking to see if her boyfriend at the time had made it into the show, if he didn't then she'd have to do her senior show without him. another guy started to help her out of what i could only assume to be a mixture of bordem and curiosity when they stumbled apon a mock call back list as well as peoples rating for their auditions. the guy realized that they shouldn't be doing this and backed away to talk to others while the girl looked around asking others to look at it all for her. i wanted friends, so i did. i told her that her boyfriend had a good audition and when other students pressed me about out it, we talked about the call back list. the director eventually found out that people were going through her desk and when she asked other students about it, they all said i had done it in search of the call back list. none of them said that anything about the other two students, they didn't tell her how i just read out what they had found, they placed everything on me. i don't know why they all did this, i dont think i ever will, but it led to the director to looking to see if i had done anything else. apparently at this point other students had claimed that i said that a girl wasn't in the call back list and it saddened her to the point of tears, first off that was wrong because i distinctly remember saying that she had a damn good chance to get the leading role along with everyone else on that list for it. she was and still is extremely talented and i've never claimed anything else. next these students said i read the transcript of a math class for another student and bullied them for it. now with this, i did read this transcript, the student had left it out on a table in the vocal classroom for about 2 3 weeks and one day i picked up and read it, made a comment about to to other students in the room, and put it back on the table it was. unknown to me at the time, that student had dropped out, hence why he never came to retrieve the paper and why itd been there so long. i know the entirety of that situation because i had reached out to him to apologize when people started to blame me for him dropping out. he told me it was fine and didn't know what was happening because he made and followed through on that decision far before any of this happened. unfortunately for me though the director only heard that the student dropped out, and that i according to others had bullied him. she pulled me aside one day to tell me how disappointed she was in me, she told me how she knew everything i'd done and that there's no reason to attempt to lie about anything. she said i was the reason that kid dropped out and that i robbed her of the chance to save him, she said i violated her trust by going through what must have been all of her things to find the audition information, and she said that she couldn't believe i would lie to people and tell others that a girl wasn't up for a role where she really was. i didn't know what to do, the director what certain in what she knew and i knew she wasn't changing her mind on any of it, so i just through tears said i was sorry, that i didn't mean to hurt anyone. the director was like a mother to me and now she was pinning all these things to me and i didn't know what to do. so as punishment she wanted me to apologize to the girl, i was to never be in her classroom without her being there, and that she couldn't in good faith help me with any college auditions. she finished it all off by saying that because of this all she didn't know if she could ever trust me again. it broke me, i isolated myself for the rest of the school year, she thankfully still let me be in the show that year, but i tried to not talk to many people at rehearsals if i wasn't spoken to first. i applied for other degree fields at colleges. and outside of school i rarely spoke to anyone unless it was online gaming. i didn't perform for over year after that, i couldn't get myself to be near a stage. i eventually got the courage to audition for the theatre department at the college i attended and got in. but after a year and a half the anxiety of being around a stage and performing, and the anxiety that i would just be someone's scape goat or disappointment again led to major problems for me. i developed a severe panic attack and anxiety disorder, and my body would start literally breaking down under the stress of it all, leading at points to trips to the er for internal bleeding. i quit performing for good after that, i haven't been on a real stage since i was 19, and i haven't performed since i was 21. i'm 23 now and i don't know what to do, i had to drop out of college because of my mental health, my father has threatened to kick me out of the house because my choice to leave school and when my mother opposed his idea, threatened to divorce her and list me as the cause.im stuck in a deadend job working 60 hours a week and i've lost all will to do anything. i don't know what to do, i've lost everything and have no one. i just wanted friends and ended up here. i have a therapist but even after sessions i just leave feeling empty. how do i keep going like this
i wish i knew what was wrong with me. so many people have had worse lives than me, but are perfectly functional unlike me... there is no excuse for how much of a pathetic loser i am. i used to tell myself it is my parents fault they ruined me, that is why i cannot do it, but who cares?i feel like i have been dying for at least 6 years now. my dad attempted suicide when i was young, and successfully commit suicide a few years ago. he was never the same after he lost his job two years before attempting suicide for the first time, and he was never able to hold down a job since, except for work as a uber driver for the last year of his life. i grew up believing that even if you tried your best, you were bound to fail, so why try? my dad tried hard, he was educated with multiple degrees, and he failed. there was so many humiliating moments in my life where he would beg for money in front of me, and sometimes even using me to beg. he would sing along to bruno mars' i want to be a billionaire in the car, threw a temper tantrum to my aunts and uncles demanding the bonus money one of my uncle's received because he was his former coworker before he was fired, had screaming fits of rage when my uncle and cousin did not loan him money he needed, brought my brother and i along to ask some guy of our ethnicity for a financial favor, etc. i believed every excuse he made when he quit working somewhere. i believed i could never do it, and i hated how my parents acted like i could. after all, i was just like my dad , as my mom would say.i barely passed high school. i think all throughout high school, i never studied once, except maybe some french vocabulary once in awhile. i never studied after high school, either. i hated how my family treated me like some genius because i wrote bad poetry in middle school they never knew what my actual grades were like. i thought i was going to kill myself by age 18 anyway, so high school did not matter. all i cared about in high school was friends, which i did not really have. i had two friends from middle school that went to other high schools, and i was not allowed to see them for the most part. i saw them a handful of times throughout high school, after months or years of begging. my parents never let me leave the house, not even for walks. why? for my safety , which they never actually cared about. the real reason was because only bad girls did that, according to my mom. bad girls are her word for whores . she would call little girls playing in their front yards bad girls , and teenage girls out walking together bad girls . i was so desperate to be away from my parents, that i would go on walks alone near my school just to not go home. there was nothing much to see, and no one to spend time with i just could not stand my life of school and home, school and home. school where i would be alone at lunch, and home where i would be alone and have to listen to my parents screaming fits.i never thought my family of aunts and uncles and cousins loved each other i thought it was all just a fake performance, because that is how my mom would treat it. i would finally allow myself to relax around my family, and then i would notice my mom glowering at me with complete and utter hate, whispering hateful words toward me. after the family gathering, she would tell me what terrible crimes i committed on the way home not making enough eye contact, not saying hello properly, acting like a freak . she was just trying to help me, of course. i just did not realize how much i was embarrassing myself, after all.i also needed to realize how much i was embarrassing myself by thinking people actually wanted to spend time with me, too. one time i lied about getting tutoring so i could spend an hour after school with an acquaintance. my parents cut my time with her short by lying about calling the police. around the time, my mom asked me i really thought people wanted to be around me, and told me i am embarrassing myself going after people . she did the same thing when, after several years of begging, she let me visit my friend at age 17 whom i had known since middle school and who lived only a few minutes drive away, for an hour. it felt so good, i did not want to leave. i ignored my mom's texts for maybe 20 minutes, and again, she lied about having called the police and telling them that my friend was a rape victim. she spat in my face and locked me out of the house at night... why? because i worried her so much, and i did not even look like i was sorry .i attempted suicide when i was 17. in the psychiatric hospital, my mom humiliated me by openly wondering if maybe i did it because of my acne. but still, i was not as hopelessly sad as i am now. maybe i would have been able to be a normal person, if it were not for what happened when i was 18. i was raped by an almost stranger who worked at my community college, and made the mistake of telling one of my cousins. she had felt guilty for excluding me from her friendship circle with my other cousins, and had told me that she would be there for me after she learned about the attempted suicide when i was 17. so i told her, and she told her dad and then ignored me. her dad told my other uncle, and then they told my parents. my family is religious, and they blamed me, except for my dad. that was the worst time of my life. i was forced to tell the police, who asked me questions about if i was a virgin before and how many times did i have sex. i received letters from the community college saying it was likely consensual, and the guy never lost his job. i checked his facebook a couple months ago, and he is doing just great. my mom severely emotionally abused me for the incident ever since. my dad, who my uncles call the best father because whereas they would have disowned me, he did not... forced me to go to that same community college everyday until the end of the semester. because he cared about my future, of course. and i guess my safety too. i have this distinct memory of me being desperate to leave my front door, just for a walk on a sunny day. he physically held me back, saying it is not safe . but i guess i was safe going there everyday, and i could definitely do well too, right? no. i muddled along for the next two years, not doing anything of substance, and then my dad commit suicide.i think i got over the bereavement stage of my dad's suicide very quickly. he was very loving, but that is not good enough for me. i was always, always uncomfortable around him. he was severely mentally ill, and i took the brunt of it. the best dad would not have strangled me for not drinking enough water for his liking. he felt love for me, sure, and i knew that, but he was never able to express it properly. that will never be good enough for me. my mom then spent several months blaming me for it, saying that my dad did it because he knew my rape was actually consensual, etc.at the age of 21, i finally transferred from community college to university, despite only having done 58 of the required 60 units, not even enough to apply for an associate's degree. i thought maybe my life could finally improve... but it did not. i am still the same directionless, lazy piece of shit. i flunked all of my classes, and now i am taking a semester off, but i will probably disenroll from university entirely. my bank account will likely be closed in two days, because i have had a negative balance for two months. instead of getting a job, i ignored the issue, expecting my mom to pick up the pieces. but i am 22 and she is tired of having to take care of me. i do not even resent her for it, her being emotionally abusive is not an excuse for me to be a parasite. other people are motivated by emotional abuse to escape their situation, for me all i do is sit and cry about it.so much other shit happened to me, it would just be too long to write it all... i only wrote what i did to explain most of the reasons why i am depressed, but now, my whole debt issue and failure at everything is my main issue. i am afraid. i had an interview today, but i rescheduled it, because i am afraid. i never grew up and i do not want to, i just want to disappear. i have been waiting for someone to save me i guess, someone to take care of me like i feel i need to be taken care of, but i will not even be taken care of financially anymore. i am 22, in debt, have never worked a real job, do not have a driver's license, and am a soon to be college dropout
do not really know where to start so i am going to recount my life a bit. i am a moderately healthy 16 year old, who started high school last year. in my country we start high school as 15 year olds. my family is not wealthy but we are not in any serious financial trouble. my parents are still together and i would say they raised me pretty well considering. i have an older brother and an older sister, who both moved out years ago to live their own lives but i am still really close to both of them. i love my family and my pets a lot. right now i think they are the only reason i am still breathing.i have been anxiety ridden and suicidal for about my entire life. i had really bad separation anxiety as a kid so my mom watched over me at home. i did not go to kindergarten because of it. when school started, i used to spend an hour in the bathroom just vomiting bile every morning because of my anxiety. my stomach ached and i was trembling every morning for years. i was just too scared to go to school, because it was a new enviroment and because my teacher was in my opinion really frightning. i missed entire weeks maybe even months from school. i made plenty of friends but nothing could make me enjoy school since everyday i was just a ball of anxiety that was too afraid to do anything. at the age of seven i held a knife to my throat and threatened to kill myself just so i did not have to go to school anymore. that is how much i hated it.obviously this was not normal behaviour for a kid so my parents put me in therapy. for years it was absolutely useless. they just made me do these weird excersises which i am starting to think was just some random busy work to keep me entertained. the only thing that helped was that they advised my parents to help me prepare for different things. for example if i had a field trip in a month to a zoo, my parents would take me and my siblings there together so i would have an easier time to go there again. this helped for a while but of course in life you cannot prepare for everything. my anxiety never went away but things became easier for a couple of years.when i was about to advance to seventh grade 13 year old me my anxiety was still there but thing were going well. couple of years pass and my anxiety is going up and down in waves but the school was very understanding and complying, all my best friends were on the same class as me, i had a clear image of the future and my individual therapy was going well. life was going really well at this point and even though i was anxious i could go to school pretty normally even though i still missed many days. at it is peak my anxiety could because me to have migraines so i had to stay home a lot. whenever things were going bad i thought about suicide but never planned it out.on my last year before high school my anxiety just sky rocketed and with it i became very depressed. i was not too outgoing before but now i could not even go to the store without anyone else. i did not want see or talk to any of my friends even though i really liked being with them. before i was a staight a student but i could not even understand the words on my homework anymore. i was a perfectionist yet i did not care if i finished my assinments anymore. my grades dropped heavily. smallest decisions became just unbearable to make. on some nights i did not eat because i could not choose what to eat even though the fridge would have been full. some days i could not get out of bed. so many of my hobbies became untouched. i could not play games like before, i could not play he piano anymore and i could not write stories like i used to. i became entirely paralysed.my therapist was really worried about how i was feeling so they told my parents who had no idea. i was pretending to them that everything was just becoming harder in school and that i was otherwise doing just fine even though i was basically dying inside. my mother called my school and told them that she was pulling me out for 2 weeks to recover. i was basically just too overwhelmed and burned out that i was barely functioning. this was the first time i could really remember me putting a plan together to end my life. i was in so much pain. the only things i cared about doing did not bring me any joy just stress and my pride in my school succes was dwindling because i could not keep up anymore. the only reason i did not kill myself was because i did not want to die in pain and i had no idea how to kill myself without going through absolutely no pain. i have never told anyone about being suicidal anymore. not to my family, not to my friends and not to my therapist because i am afraid of he consequences.during that time my parents prohibited me from looking at any homework, news or worry about outside life. they wanted me to recover without any possible hindurances and because of that they tried to bring me my favorite foods and give me lots of free time so i could enjoy my time playing games. i have never felt so relieved. before that i was crying in my bed at night just dreading for the next schoolday the freedom of not having to worry about anything was amazing. at the end of those two weeks i returned to school. i was doing fine for a few days but as the school year was coming to an end i was beginning to feel a lot worse again. all that pressure from school life and my own mind had not disappeared. i had just pushed them away from my mind. i became the bitter and sad hermit who disappeared back into my room like i never left.that same old feeling of freedom returned when summer came and my school year ended. no pressure, no expectations. i did not see my friends during that entire holiday or go anywhere from my home. i was happy and safe in my room even though just outside my window i could see how wonderful the weather was outside. i could finally do the things i liked again and i could actually enjoy them this time.that did not last of course because then i went to high school to continue my studies. to my surprise the first weeks went well even though i was really anxious. two of my best friends were still in the same school and we had lots of the same classes. i spent every moment with them and i had fun. the problems started when i could not go to any of the tests because of my anxiety. i failed a lot of courses because of it and those set backs started an unstoppable snowball effect. my self esteem was in the gutter and i started to hide in my room again. i slowly became me from before that two week vacation. i became more depressed again and more anxious then ever. i could not go to classes. i could not do my homework and i couln't participate in any group activity. i started failing more classes even on subjects that i previously could have aced with my eyes closed. i spent almost three days every week suffering from migraines.for the last 6 7 months i have not been to school at all. i have met doctors and i have met with my guidance counselor for more times then i can count. my anxiety is through the roof and each time i explain my problems to the doctors and my guidance counselor, the answer is always we know it is hard for you to go to school because x,y and z. you just need to try going to school. like i had not fucking thought of that before. i am suffering inside my own head, thoughts screaming how i cannot do shit and how behind i am going to be and how useless i am. for every day i started crying because i was so afraid of going to school. i could not read anything because i just could not understand the alphabets. i am nearly having panic attacks when i just think about going school. one day i became so enraged that i punched my door hoping that i would break my own arm. but thanks, i had not thought of going to school. right now i have been on summer break again but in a week i need to go back to school but i just do not know how i can. i start crying every time i think about school. i just want to disappear and thinking about killing myself has become an everyday occurance. i just cannot handle feeling this hopeless and anxious every day when i have not even started to live independently yet. i am terrified.any advice stories from personal experience or just kind words would be very much appriciated.thanks for reading this far feeling lost, this is my situation
i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore. i cannot take it anymore.
throwawayim female, 20 years old. ever since i was 12 i have been on antidepressants, antipsychotics for severe depression and anxiety. my parents are divorced since i was 2. they have both been in relationships after. i have lived with my mother and majority of my life its just been us two living together. my brother lived with my father. my mother was in a relationship when i was 11. we moved in with him. he abused her mentally and physically. i heard everything. i saw the scars. fast forward a few years later she dated another guy. i had met this guy before, we lived with him when i was around 7. it did not last. last year we got a call that he had hung himself. my father does not understand mental illness. he often calls me a baby or a child and tells me to just suck it up. that its all in my head. my one and only serious relationship was with a boy online. it started when i was 14. went on and off since i was 17. he said he would come to canada and marry me. we would have an amazing life together and have kids of our own. i was so happy. everyone around me told me he was mentally abusing me. i did not see it. but he would not let me have friends, he would get insanely jealous. i was not even allowed to go over to my female friends house, and when i did, he would get super angry. he controlled everything in my life. got upset when i went to school and did not stay home to talk to him. eventually he left me for one of my other friends online. i begged him to stay, i had never felt so broken. he did not. he would say awful things about me. the anxiety and depression got so bad i could not go to school. by this time, i was in grade 12. every time i walked in the school, i had a panic attack. could not be around people. i tried online school, i could not do it. it was too difficult without a teacher. i still have not graduated. i have never had a job its hard to leave my house. i cannot drive. i cannot cook. i cannot do anything by myself, my mother raised me to be super dependant. 3 years ago she started dating a guy now fiance she previously was best friends with. he was around me a lot when i was a child. i do not remember much. the meds make me forget most of my life including my school years. first couple years were fine. i eventually got really sick. last year i developed severe ocd. contamination ocd. i cannot touch anything he has touched. cannot have him in my apartment. my mother gets angry and blames me that she cannot be happy. i have tried 3 different meds since then, all the free therapists the government gives me. nothing helps. they say i developed ocd as i most likely have psychological issues with men because of all the wrong they have caused me in my life. my family all acknowledges i need professional psychological help. they do not have the money for it. my mom is on permanent medical assistance as she has severe stage 4 endometriosis. my dad lives with his girlfriend who has kids, they cannot afford me or take me in either. my grandparents just want to live a chill retired life. they do not want me. my brother lives in a different province. this takes me to why i need to get out of here, though i have no place to go. last night my mom got upset with me and said she wants her life back. she is sick of my mental illnesses and says she is going to have her fianc over. she acts like she forgets that i nearly starved to death last year, literally days away from starving, because i was too scared that what she cooked was contaminated because she was around him. the ambulance was called at my therapists office because he saw that i could barely stand up. i was shaking really bad. i was extremely malnourished. i was not able to shower for the same fear that she contaminated the shower. again last year my mother called the police on me because i said i did not want to live anymore after she had threatened our relationship if he does not come over. she said that she would not watch movies with me anymore or be around or spend time with me at all which really affected me because she was like my only friend. do not have barely any irl bc of my anxiety to leave the house and she knows this . everyone i do talk to says that she emotionally abuses me so bad. i have a video of her saying that our relationship is nothing now anyways. this week she said she was going to lock me out of the fridge for getting a piece of balongne. she said that i have gluten on my hands she has celiac even though i did not even touch anything with gluten, and she said that i am probably the reason why she is been sick this past year. she wants to move in with her fianc, and i am the one holding her back. she always makes sure to let me know that i am the reason why she cannot have happiness in her life. she makes me feel like i am just a roadblock. and so much more. so when the police were called they came into our small apartment 4 men. they forced the blood pressure machine on me even though i was crying telling them its contaminated. they told me to grow up and act like an adult. they told me that since they have been called twice now, that next time they are called they can put me in handcuffs and arrest me. it traumatized me so much. the self harm last year was out of control. since that year i have gotten so much better by myself since my mother had been cooperating with me, giving me time to get better before she has her fianc over. i do not wear gloves inside my house anymore. i can eat. i can shower. i do not self harm. i have been socializing online a lot. however last night when she said she was going to start having him over i have fallen into some of the same habits. have not really been eating. been super depressed. been crying and shaking all day. i am scared it will be as bad as last year probably way worse if he comes over. hell contaminate everything just by being in here. i am so scared. i will not be able to leave my closed room. ill be too afraid to eat or drink anything in fear of it being contaminated. i am so so scared. cannot stop shaking. threw up after i tried to eat something. last year i nearly died, i do not know what worse entitles. i am scared. i made so much progress. i do not want it all to be shattered. it will all be for nothing if she has him over. she will not let me get psychological help first either before she has him over. she says she cannot afford it and she is waited long enough. shaking while typing this. feel really sick. stopped talking to my friends. stopped doing anything except sitting in my room crying. she keeps threatening me that she will call the police again if i do not start eating. she says they will arrest me this time. but i feel so sick. i am so scared. no one can afford help for me. i cannot do anything. i am stuck. what do i do? i have psychological issues with men yet my mom is going to bring a man in the house. i am so scared. she does not care. i have tried reaching out to him personally and our family. no one cares. they all think i am being irrational. and that my mom deserves happiness too. they do not understand. no one does. and i am trapped. all i am is a roadblock. no one wants me. no one can take me. i am trapped in this home. it used to be the only place i feel safe, now its the scariest place. all i do is sleep because its the only time i am at peace. i cry every time i wake up because i realize i have to face this hell. i am trapped. i am scared. i have nowhere to go. what can i even do? i cannot drive to get out of here. i cannot do anything. cannot get a job to afford professional psychological help for myself. i am stuck. and its so so so scary. what can i even do? throwaway i need help, advice, anything. i am stuck.
this is a lengthy post but its a summary of my life so far. the time line is a little jagged but that is only because i am in so much pain and i just want to put this out, i apologize if its a bit messy with typos, punctuation and grammatical errors. depending on who reads this, this might seem like an anonymous post ...or not. i am in my 30's and i am just not in a happy place right now, actually i have not been for a while now. a brief insight into my life. i have not had one. i come from a poor background and also from a poor country. as a kid i grew up in a religious household, that is not to say there is anything wrong with being religious as i am a christian myself but in this case my family thought it would be our way out of poverty, it was not. my father became a pastor and i had to maintain a certain code of holiness from a very young age, i could not express myself as i wanted as i had to maintain this code . my mother made home made pastries locally and i aided in the production of the pastries as well as supplying the products within the neighbourhood, so my early years was basically going to school, making the rounds to supply pastries and then going to church, after a while the church closed down as we could not handle the financial demands to keep up with the church, my father was a good pastor and a good man and never thought of taking advantage of his members for financial reasons. i graduated from high school and i had hopes of my family coming together to support me with my plans of getting a higher education because deep down i knew very well that as a family they could if they wanted to, but they did not, i figured it was down to me to raise the money required to go to college, i managed to do this at about 18 19 years old, i raised some money which i intended to use for my education but i could not use it for that purpose and here is why at the early age of 19, i started providing for my family paid the house rent, food etc you name it, i provided it, it was not just me though i had some assistance from my immediate elder brother. now make no mistake, this is a large family and i am the last child. so basically i did not have a life as an adolescent and i did not have a life as a teenager as i became some sort of family man or bread winner at the age of 19. this made me skip my entire teenage life completely as i was more concerned with helping out with in the family naively looking for a pat on the back and the occasional prayer and well wishes from my family, this made me ignore my plans of going to the university. somewhere at around the age of 25 years old, i had planned to move rent my own apartment and apply for college but the guilt of being on my own while my family struggled to pay for the rent stopped me from doing that. i was afraid they would think of me as someone who was selfish and uncaring they eventually went on to think of me that way anyway, i once caught my mother and one of my brothers talking about how frugal i was and how i was a wicked person . i decided to stay with my family, i paid the rent from when i was 19 till i when i turned 30, when i turned 30, my parents decided to move back to the family home in the country area i also financed most of the developments in this country home but that is a long story . i was now left in the apartment with my immediate elder brother, during this time i remembered my plan for college and started asking myself why i never acted on it, i had totally depleted my funds by this time so going to college seemed impossible as i still had to contribute to the house rent, my immediate elder brother contributed as well. along the line i made some investment in digital currency , nothing much but just a decent amount, fast forward some years later and the boom happened, i got a good return on my investment and i decided to give even more to my family again , i sent some money to my parents, my elder sister was due in a few months so i also gave her some substantial amount of money and then i gave my brother who i shared he apartment with some of the money so he could invest in himself and start a business. and i gave him some money to buy a used car and together we decided to move into a better apartment. after a while, we had a little argument, a very silly little argument,my brother became very angry and then he told me that he has been keeping this information away from me but the entire family have been talking behind my back and they all wanted me to move or travel away so they could move on and be happy, he told me my sister the same one i gave some financial help for her kids he told i had no friends and i was socially inept and this really hurt me because i felt betrayed by my family. this is the same family i literally sacrificed my entire life for i lost contacts with my friends when they all went to college and i stayed back helping with the needs of my family, i never had the time or privacy to have a relationship or a girlfriend, i never had my own apartment, i never had the chance to learn how to drive a car, i never had the chance to go to college and looking back, i never had a birthday party despite the fact that my older siblings have had numerous ones, the excuse my parents made was that i was born when when the financial situation of the family got worse and to some extent i get where they are coming from and i hate to sound selfish or insensitive but surely somewhere between when i was one year old to my age currently, there could have been some sort of birthday party or at least something that the family could do to show some kind of appreciation and gratitude..... maybe i am just being silly. i would admit i might have seemed down and sad sometimes but that was only because i was depressed, sometimes i find myself day dreaming about the changes i could make if i had a time machine, yes its silly but that is just how i feel about my life and how i totally messed it up by forgetting myself and my needs. i neglected all these things because i prioritized the needs of my family over that of myself and to hear that my family now think of me as a source of negativity or as someone who they need to get rid off totally broke me, i am stronger than hurting myself and i know that is not an option and would never be an option for me but it just seems a lot right now. i have not been able to sleep for days as i have been wondering how it all went wrong for me. i thought about leaving my properties clothes, laptop, phone these are all i have anyway and just walk away to a totally different place for months, just so i could make my family know how i feel, maybe make them think something happened to me but i decided against that as my parents are old right now and i would not want to because some kind of health issues for them. i had a phone conversation with my mom and i told her what i had planned to do and why i decided against it and she was crying on the phone, i stopped myself from crying but she has been calling since i told her, when i ask why she keeps calling she says she just wants to talk but i know she is worried that i might hurt myself, this made me feel so much pain that i had tears running down my eye while i was on the phone with her but i really held back so she would not hear the pain in my voice. i am really not sure what to do now. i would be deleting this very soon as this is very personal for me and i do not want it out there, my brother also visits reddit sometimes and i do not want him to see this, i do not want this out there but i had to talk about it. what would you recommend i do now? how do i heal? what do i do now?
thank you in advance to anyone who takes the time to read this. i am currently in a deep depression and incredibly frustrated with my life at home. i have had some what i would consider very mild depressive states in the past, but i am the lowest i have ever been now. i do not have thoughts of suicide or harm or anything like that, but i am uncomfortable that i have been feeling worse, because it gets dark, and it scares me that my mind can go in that direction. i met a woman back in 2015. we hit it off and fell in love with each other. spent 6 months doing a long distance relationship 4 hours away , and ended up getting married in 2017. for those few years, we were so physical with each other, and not in a sexual way. we were always clinging to each other, holding hands, etc. we loved to be right next to each other. for sex, this was a big and different subject for my wife. she has always had either pain or sexual trauma. she has vulvodynia, which is chronic pain or discomfort around the vulva. she is gone through surgeries, doctors, therapists, and all that to try to have an enjoyable, pleasurable sexual experience. at the beginning of our relationship, we had sex probably 1 2 times a week, and while it was not nearly as positive of an experience for her, she did it for me out of love. and i could tell she wanted to do it for me. i should point out, at this time, i did not realize what this was doing to her. more on that later . my wife opened up to me about what she has gone through to try to just have an ounce of pleasure in sex. it was not always painful, but it was an event that she never looked forward to, nor should she. when she first told me about this, my immediate reaction was to be supportive of her. no, i do not understand it all, but i wanted to work with her to get better. she is taking the effort and time to do this for me every week, how can i make it so she gets something out of this. if she could even feel 10 of what i feel during sex, she would be amazed. the kind of boyfriends she has had in the past did nothing to help her, and sex became very forced, and that obviously led to a ton of negative experiences. we got pregnant in 2018, and as soon as the baby was born, things got worse between us. this was actually expected and normal , we learned. but we have never recovered. that physical level we were at had quickly dropped all the way down. my attitude and treatment toward her admittedly declined as well, and vice versa to be honest. we put all our energy into the baby and would drop each other completely. we gave 100 to baby and 0 to each other. as you might expect, physical touch became almost non existent, sex started to become even more of a chore, and any sexual experiences again started to become more forced for her. like she was only doing it to get it done. it was still for me, but now she was counting down the seconds until it was over. so, the sex we were having was not much fun for anyone. yes, i enjoyed it, but at the same time, i am performing an act i highly enjoy, but my partner wanted nothing to do with it. i even stopped a few times mid sex because she was just lying there telling me to just hurry up and finish. without her willingness to be involved, it was not worth having for me. i felt guilty, selfish, hurt, and many other emotions. and it began to feel that way week after week. she would dread the weekend because she knew i would ask for sex, and she would also start to feel guilty for not giving it to me. this whole situation was just so tough as it was incredibly unhealthy and bad for both of us. i kept being supportive of the sexual issues. we started seeing a special therapist as a couple, one that was familiar with everything she has gone through. we spent a lot of time refocusing on each other, and even went back to fundamentals hand holding, small moments of physical touch . we really dug in and attempted all of the exercises. we saw this therapist for about 15 months. still, not much progress. we were becoming further apart, and my wife did not even want to touch me. the slightest of touch non sexual made her cringe, made her anxious. ya know, and suddenly i feel like the past boyfriends that were just using her, while i was honestly trying to help. in a recent session with the therapist, we came to the realization that my wife is actually asexual... we have never considered that before, but it makes so much sense. she has never once enjoyed or felt pleasure from sex, and she could gladly go through life without it ever again. as you might guess, this is where that depression kicked in. the woman i chose to marry and have a child with is asexual. and i will say, i am proud and happy that we found this out. it is honestly been a relief for her and me because there actually is not anything to fix. the pain, the mental anguish, physical discomfort it actually had nothing to do with her trauma experiences. she has felt better about herself and has a freeing feeling that this is just her orientation and that nothing is wrong with her.that leaves us with a brutal decision. am i willing to live a life without sex and that amount of physical touch that i want? or is she willing to do it for me? that question has had us living together basically as roommates. we are not happy day to day, and we want each other to be happy, but we are both so afraid to get out of this. our 2 year old is keeping us together tbh.i did not realize how much i craved that physical touch in a relationship. i found that it is imperative for me to have that as it is how i feel loved. and i have not felt loved by her in about 2 years. we say we love each other, and i think we both do, but this issue is not about love. we both care deeply for each other and we are just dragging each other through in hopes that there is a perfect solution. as a last ditch effort, my wife has agreed to open the marriage and allow me to seek what i need outside of it. for some men, this is probably a dream. but i feel so awful to think of doing it. at the same time, oh man, do i desperately want someone to provide me with that physical and sexual part. so, i have been looking but have not actually done anything yet. talked to a few people, but am really hesitant to carry through with anything. i wake up and am immediately miserable. and that impacts both my wife and daughter i am sure. i have a hard time being communicative with my wife, smiling, being positive. it is almost as if i despise her, or hate her, for making me feel sexually and physically abandoned. and that is not fair to say, and this is not her fault, but i have trouble pouring everything i have into a relationship where i know my standards are not going to be met. so i am stuck. i split, and i will lose time with my daughter. my wife will, too. i stay, and it is a toxic, unwanted environment. i am continuing to look for another woman, but i do not even know what for. it was initially just for sex, but honestly, i would not mind an actual relationship with someone else. i think it is important that i do what is best for myself. and whatever makes me happy, i should do that. i want to cry every day because i know going in that direction is going to destroy my wife. and me, too. if you made it this far, thank you. i do not know what i am looking for here but felt nice to get this out there. i am seeing my own therapist and hopefully, time will help. i am so sorry for anyone that has felt anything even remotely close to this. p.s. if there is a better place to post, let me know. deep depression amp feeling physically and sexually abandoned
thank you in advance to anyone who takes the time to read this. i am currently in a deep depression and incredibly frustrated with my life at home. i have had some what i would consider very mild depressive states in the past, but i am the lowest i have ever been now. i do not have thoughts of suicide or harm or anything like that, but i am uncomfortable that i have been feeling worse, because it gets dark, and it scares me that my mind can go in that direction. i met a woman back in 2015. we hit it off and fell in love with each other. spent 6 months doing a long distance relationship 4 hours away , and ended up getting married in 2017. for those few years, we were so physical with each other, and not in a sexual way. we were always clinging to each other, holding hands, etc. we loved to be right next to each other. for sex, this was a big and different subject for my wife. she has always had either pain or sexual trauma. she has vulvodynia, which is chronic pain or discomfort around the vulva. she is gone through surgeries, doctors, therapists, and all that to try to have an enjoyable, pleasurable sexual experience. at the beginning of our relationship, we had sex probably 1 2 times a week, and while it was not nearly as positive of an experience for her, she did it for me out of love. and i could tell she wanted to do it for me. i should point out, at this time, i did not realize what this was doing to her. more on that later . my wife opened up to me about what she has gone through to try to just have an ounce of pleasure in sex. it was not always painful, but it was an event that she never looked forward to, nor should she. when she first told me about this, my immediate reaction was to be supportive of her. no, i do not understand it all, but i wanted to work with her to get better. she is taking the effort and time to do this for me every week, how can i make it so she gets something out of this. if she could even feel 10 of what i feel during sex, she would be amazed. the kind of boyfriends she has had in the past did nothing to help her, and sex became very forced, and that obviously led to a ton of negative experiences. we got pregnant in 2018, and as soon as the baby was born, things got worse between us. this was actually expected and normal, we learned. but we have never recovered. that physical level we were at had quickly dropped all the way down. my attitude and treatment toward her admittedly declined as well, and vice versa to be honest. we put all our energy into the baby and would drop each other completely. we gave 100 to baby and 0 to each other. as you might expect, physical touch became almost non existent, sex started to become even more of a chore, and any sexual experiences again started to become more forced for her. like she was only doing it to get it done. it was still for me, but now she was counting down the seconds until it was over. so, the sex we were having was not much fun for anyone. yes, i enjoyed it, but at the same time, i am performing an act i highly enjoy, but my partner wanted nothing to do with it. i even stopped a few times mid sex because she was just lying there telling me to just hurry up and finish. without her willingness to be involved, it was not worth having for me. i felt guilty, selfish, hurt, and many other emotions. and it began to feel that way week after week. she would dread the weekend because she knew i would ask for sex, and she would also start to feel guilty for not giving it to me. this whole situation was just so tough as it was incredibly unhealthy and bad for both of us. i kept being supportive of the sexual issues. we started seeing a special therapist as a couple, one that was familiar with everything she has gone through. we spent a lot of time refocusing on each other, and even went back to fundamentals hand holding, small moments of physical touch . we really dug in and attempted all of the exercises. we saw this therapist for about 15 months. still, not much progress. we were becoming further apart, and my wife did not even want to touch me. the slightest of touch non sexual made her cringe, made her anxious. ya know, and suddenly i feel like the past boyfriends that were just using her, while i was honestly trying to help. in a recent session with the therapist, we came to the realization that my wife is actually asexual... we have never considered that before, but it makes so much sense. she has never once enjoyed or felt pleasure from sex, and she could gladly go through life without it ever again. as you might guess, this is where that depression kicked in. the woman i chose to marry and have a child with is asexual. and i will say, i am proud and happy that we found this out. it is honestly been a relief for her and me because there actually is not anything to fix. the pain, the mental anguish, physical discomfort it actually had nothing to do with her trauma experiences. she has felt better about herself and has a freeing feeling that this is just her orientation and that nothing is wrong with her.that leaves us with a brutal decision. am i willing to live a life without sex and that amount of physical touch that i want? or is she willing to do it for me? that question has had us living together basically as roommates. we are not happy day to day, and we want each other to be happy, but we are both so afraid to get out of this. our 2 year old is keeping us together tbh.i did not realize how much i craved that physical touch in a relationship. i found that it is imperative for me to have that as it is how i feel loved. and i have not felt loved by her in about 2 years. we say we love each other, and i think we both do, but this issue is not about love. we both care deeply for each other and we are just dragging each other through in hopes that there is a perfect solution. as a last ditch effort, my wife has agreed to open the marriage and allow me to seek what i need outside of it. for some men, this is probably a dream. but i feel so awful to think of doing it. at the same time, oh man, do i desperately want someone to provide me with that physical and sexual part. so, i have been looking but have not actually done anything yet. talked to a few people, but am really hesitant to carry through with anything. i wake up and am immediately miserable. and that impacts both my wife and daughter i am sure. i have a hard time being communicative with my wife, smiling, being positive. it is almost as if i despise her, or hate her, for making me feel sexually and physically abandoned. and that is not fair to say, and this is not her fault, but i have trouble pouring everything i have into a relationship where i know my standards are not going to be met. so i am stuck. i split, and i will lose time with my daughter. my wife will, too. i stay, and it is a toxic, unwanted environment. i am continuing to look for another woman, but i do not even know what for. it was initially just for sex, but honestly, i would not mind an actual relationship with someone else. i think it is important that i do what is best for myself. and whatever makes me happy, i should do that. i want to cry every day because i know going in that direction is going to destroy my wife. and me, too. if you made it this far, thank you. i do not know what i am looking for here but felt nice to get this out there. i am seeing my own therapist and hopefully, time will help. i am so sorry for anyone that has felt anything even remotely close to this. p.s. if there is a better place to post, let me know. deep depression amp feeling physically and sexually abandoned
following is a boring and overwhelmingly long whining of a non native english speaker. those who are interested in taking a quick peek at the life of a young man in russia are welcome. my post might seem pale in comparison to other ones, and my problems are made up, and i myself might seem an attention craving internet vampire. i wrote it mainly because of therapeutic reasons i wanted to structure and order my thoughts about the current situation i am in, but your opinions and support are still appreciated. hello. i am almost 24yo, and my mental issues seem to be getting more severe every month. i am stuck in an adverse situation of uncertainty and see no hope to get out of it.i am a permanent resident of russian federation. i came over as a student from the central asian outskirts of the former soviet union where we had to remain after its dissolution. i left it when i was 17yo the rest of my family still remains there , and i could not wait until i am an adult to try to get my first part time software developer job. thanks to being an introverted loner at my school time, at the time of my 18th birthday i had my head crammed with fundamental computer science knowledge, so i got my first job relatively easily. to be frank i had no particular need to support myself while being a student my parents would have supported me even if i had not got a job, but i was eager to separate from them, to slip from their parental guidance as soon as possible. but in the last semester the tension started to increase, and i was under a constant strain i had to work keeping a decent performance while doing my bachelor's graduation work. also that was the time i first encountered difficulties with my shaky migration status i would have had to leave the country right after graduation if i had not acquired permanent resident status or been enrolled at a post bachelor programme.i started to delve into russian migration laws only to find out that i have literally no legal grounds to acquire a permanent residency, and any violation of the law may end up in being barred from entering the country. imagine being thrown out back to the country where you have literally nothing left no perspectives, no job, no money but with an inevitable perspective of being put into the ethnically unfriendly environment due to the conscription into the mandatory army service for the record slavs germans and a couple of other ethnicities are literally minorities in post soviet central asian states . all of that made me extremely anxious and depressed, and one day i finally snapped i got a nervous breakdown. i was diagnosed with mixed anxiety depressive disorder and was prescribed a year long medication course xanax and escitalopram .i managed to join the master course of my university thus deferring the end of my stay for two years. but the russian migration laws started to change right on the cue, and i got an opportunity to acquire a permanent residence by proving that i am a competent user of russian language and bound to russian culture. i pulled it off, got my residence permit, dropped the master course and started to live relatively quietly thanks to antidepressants .now i am at the crossroads. i have an opportunity to become a russian citizen, but here we go again i am again a subject for a mandatory one year military service til i am 27yo. i am far from being called a pacifist you have to be cruel to be kind, you know , but it is utterly repugnant to me, especially the fascist militaristic rhetoric the proponents of mandatory service use to justify its presence in contemporary russia. one might call me a freeloader, an inconsiderate citizen evading his duties, but i can object the mandatory military service in russia has nothing to do with protecting your country or preparing you to be a good soldier should the situation require it. it is just a kind of tradition serving the demand from the society for being citizens of a strong and prominent country and a way for army generals to get some slush funds. most of the real responsibilities are transferred to military professionals on the payroll, while from the perspective of a conscript it looks like serving an obligatory jail term, which might be a sentence to my professional and social life, and also to my mental health. i have three ways to dodge the draft barring the illegal ones 1. keep going as a non citizen permanent resident until i am 27. there are too many risks here you have to adhere strictly to the migration laws, every second fine for the last three years may lead to prohibition on entry and residence withdrawal. migration laws are overwhelmingly messy and full of dark corners, which makes me persistently anxious although i am a very law abiding immigrant. also it is undesirable to leave the country for more than six month during the year since it leads to residence permit cancellation too.2. being exempted from the draft by proving i have an ailment incompatible with military service. most of the relatively lightweight diagnoses including mixed anxious depressive disorder meet these requirements. a relatively straightforward way but the only thing is that the conscription system is crooked. your local draft board staff is apt to deceive you about your rights as a conscript, preventing you from exercising your rights in order to fulfill an anticipated conscription plan. one has to double check everything they say or do to you and file complaints if something deviates from the law. even if your diagnosis was given to you by an authorized doctor, you will be committed for a comprehensive to a psych ward where you will have to languish for two or three weeks. if the diagnosis is approved, you will have to pass a couple or two of medical examinations before being exempted. almost all people sometimes even psychiatrists you have to deal with are biased and suspect you of feigning your disorder in order to dodge the draft. it requires too much moral strength to stick it out. i am not certain i can stand it up well even being on antidepressants. these adverse tendencies are only magnified it is harder to fulfill conscription plans due to the pandemic.3. to leave the country in favor of europe canada australia, never to come back. i wanted to migrate to canada for a long time since my childhood, maybe , but now i think it is completely impossible. i never thought much of my value as a professional, but now it seems completely negligible. i am strenuously trying to become a better professional every day, but i am only affirming my opinion about myself. this adds to my anxiety and depression too, since doing a good job might be the only source of my satisfaction with myself. no one would hire me to relocate somewhere. even if someone would, i do not like the idea of burning my bridges to russia. i am not certain i can accommodate well, and might have to return back. doing so without citizenship would be an ordeal.so, now i am feeling completely empty. it seems i slipped into a depression again was i out of it at all? , and keep going because i have been ruminating on everything i wrote here for a half of a year. my thoughts are sluggish, my concentration is fucked up. i see no hope in my future, but i a depression rant of an immigrant
yeah, this is not the first, or even second or third time i have posted here, and frankly i was hoping i would never reach this point of despair again. it seems with every time i post here, my mental state was worse than the last, so let us kick this off. i am a male high school student living in roughly cleveland, ohio. i was diagnosed with anxiety fairly early on, only at age 9 ish or 10. it was not until my late middle school years were i was diagnosed with anxiety induced depression. all the way until my high school years, my anxiety was at least stable, and was not debilitating like it currently is. come my freshmen year, they began trying medications along with therapy. it was fine, my therapist, who, i just called dr. jeff, was an amazing guy and i fucking miss him. the medication i tried first was prozac, which had done nothing but made me more tired, and irritable as a result. as the school year pressed on, i was moved on another medication, lexapro. lexapro had done absolutely nothing for me, with not even any side effects being present. i described them to my doctor as feeling like i was taking empty tablets. the psychiatrist insisted on going all the way, prolonging the time it took to reach the max dose, which, go figure, did nothing for me but give life more time to kick me while i am down. i have mentioned the stresses that high school gave me before, so i will not even both with that. by the end of my freshman year, dr. jeff had moved out of state, and i was forced to find a new therapist. since he left, i had tried two others, but neither of them i felt any connection too, and to me, it almost felt tedious to talk to them. the next medication would not be until after my extremely stressful, work filled sophomore year. zoloft. okay. for the two of you who saw this while scrolling, this is probably the part you were looking for. i will bold this if you want to skip the exposition. i had just started taking zoloft at around the start of this summer. my psychiatrist told me that it tends to work well for most people, which gave me some motivation no matter how minute. they had started me on a dose of 25mg, or half a tablet. the first 2 3 days i was totally fine, but then i started to notice a nagging increase in heart rate. at first, i attributed it to the pfizer vaccine i had gotten and that it was inflammation that would subside over time with the proper care, no big deal right? wrong! oh so wrong! this medication was, for the lack of better words, debilitating. i had noticed that the side effects had persisted about a week and a half after taking the vaccine, leading me to realize that it was not heart inflammation, and the only other new thing i was taking was the zoloft. after taking it a few more days, it worsened slightly, before my anxiety started getting worse. this was about the time that i spoke to my psychiatrist and had it lowered to 25mg. unfortunately, i still had to wait another week to lower it further. the next two weeks were insufferable. this is the haribo sugar free gummy bears of depression meds. by the time i had finally managed to get off of it entirely, all of the symptoms had worsened, with some new fun and exciting ones developing like diarrhea. on the coming days after i had stopped entirely, i experienced symptoms that i would describe torturous to anyone with anxiety, and would not be something i wish upon my enemies. on the second day after i had stopped entirely, i had one of the worst panic attacks of my life. i had just about every symptom i mentioned all at once. the previously mentioned anxiety went through the fucking roof, with my diarrhea becoming nearly uncontrollable, and my heart rate going so fast that i thought i was going to have a heart attack on the porcelain throne. when i finally was able to lay in bed i felt violated in more ways than just one. i could not relax at all when these symptoms start, and some nights were sleepless entirely. i wish i could end it here, but it still does not stop. come the next morning, something that would normal ly only make me marginally annoyed with my stepfather threw me into a mood swing so bad that i was yelling on the top of my lungs. my poor father bore indirect witness to the yelling over the phone, and i think i genuinely freaked him out. neither he, nor myself had never heard me so angry. i felt like i was not even myself, and irritability and rage took over. the yelling was indescribable, it was something that almost felt nonhuman to me. when i had gone back inside, i was overwhelmed with a massive depressed feeling of hopelessness. i felt like there was nothing i could do. my stepfather, who i had previously mentioned before was notoriously strict, and tried to treat me like his son. my stepfather is this big tough dude who grew up in places where you could get hit by a wayward bullet by sheer misfortune. his own son looks like a chip off the block. he is 3 years younger than me, but looks like he could suplex some of the ninth graders at my school. and unfortunately, that means the standards on me are stressfully high. no matter what happens at that house, they are set in their ways until hell freezes over. i have cut myself no less than 3 times at the house, with one runaway attempt which was only deescalated by a friend. i try to do the rational thing and get away from the situation on particularly stressful days, which could involve either staying at a relatives' house, or staying the night at my father's. but when i do this, they say that i am running off to my father, or my grandmother, or my friend. on the worst of days, i often need to call my dad, and he often gives me the option to stay at his house. but some days i just cannot do it. my stepdad makes me feel like such a piece of shit for trying to look out for my sanity, and considers it selfish when i go to my dads house, or when i cannot complete a task and my mother is forced to do it. it is this shit that pissed me off for 5 years, and it was not until i took zoloft when i really snapped. since then, i have been feeling constant tension, along with increased irritability, and suicidal thoughts. my psychiatrist is booked for a month, and i do not have a new therapist who i can really talk to. i just feel like this is a shitty world if the last place i have to resort to finding help is from a bunch of strangers. my friends also told me that if i cannot handle it at my mom's house, then why do not i leave? the answer is really simple. it is not my mom's fault, and i do not want to leave her because of what my stepdad is trying to do. i feel constantly guilt tripped not to leave, and i feel like i would never forgive myself if i did. my mother is already in a bad mental state of her own, but i feel like if i leave, she might try to kill herself. but inversely, i feel like if i stay there, i might try to do the same thing. i cannot win, this is a catch 22 that is so severe, that at times i will just randomly break down into tears even thinking about it. not the most exciting story on this subreddit, i would say it is about as subpar as it is op, so i guess i will leave it there. i needed to get this out somehow. how zoloft made me more depressed.
on sunday night i tried to kill myself by hanging. i choked until i passed out, and awoke violently gagging i ran to the bathroom and threw up, and spent the rest of my night on the bathroom floor. the next morning, i spent my time walking around like a zombie, and when i got home i thought i wanted to try again i decided to call mental health services and they decided i needed to get myself to the hospital. after realising i am physically ok and there is no permanent damage, i honestly feel lucky to be alive.depression and suicide have surrounded me for the majority of my adulthood. my dad committed suicide when i was 15, and i do not think i ever fully resolved the trauma from that event. i have consistently felt on and off for the past few years, but my suicidal thoughts culminated on sunday night and resulted in me trying to take my own life.my ex girlfriend, who i was with for nearly 6 years, came over and repeatedly twisted and manipulated my feelings to the point where id never felt more sick and used in my life. i begged this person to come back in my life, and i am deeply ashamed not because of showing feelings, but because i now know that this person has never caused me anything but pain. over the years, i feel that she conditioned me into complacency, and gradually tore down my personality into the person who was happy to be stuck with someone like that for the rest of their life. looking back on it now, in a calmer state, and with the perspective that all the loved ones who have come by and supported me have provided, i now realise there is not much of this person i wasted so much time and energy on that actually value or respect. she could not talk or communicate like an adult. she was incapable of seeing the effects of her actions on other people. she was selfish. she made poor decisions, and was incapable of looking after her health and hygiene properly. she had very few friends, and repeatedly drove people away due to her personality. she was always so quick to judge and criticise others, especially me, without ever turning the magnifying glass back on herself. she humiliated my sister about her botched tattoo, despite having an absolute clusterfuck of poorly assembled tattoos mismatched all over her thighs. she hated cheaters and how people functioned in their relationships, yet complained about me to her male friend, and gaslit me into thinking i was crazy for hurting from it. she criticised other peoples health and appearance, yet only continued to gain weight without doing a single thing to change. she often shamed me for how i chose to dress, despite often having pretty poor hygiene and being quite unappealing as a result. i now realise just how much this person had thoroughly poisoned my floor, and convinced me i was not worth anyones time or effort. begging for her affections is the most regrettable thing i have ever done, because i now realise that this was the ultimate symbol of how she would conditioned me to submit to her disgusting behaviour. as she revealed details of getting drunk and sleeping with someone earlier in the week, despite never wanting to be physical with me at the end, confessed details of drinking alone recently, and went back amp forth on getting back together to play with my feelings, i think the veil broke in my mind and i finally started to see her for what she is. this person that i had put so much time and energy into, who i had thought i loved with all of my heart, just uses people and discards them. as i sat in the hospital and received an outpouring of support, i realised just how little she had ever done for me. id received the most heartwarming messages of love and support from women i had slept with once and kept very poor contact with. if all of these people id only spent time with for one night, just to get physical, could offer so much support then why could not someone id know for most of my adult life? she blamed so much of her toxic behavioural and personality traits on past relationships, and even puts her various supposed mental issues in her tumblr biography as some sort of attention seeking excuse. this person is just a complete fraud and i now realise what an absolute manipulator she was. there is such a huge reason for her lack of success in making genuine friendships, and the gross people she is now seeing are just even more evidence of the fact that she will take anything she can get as long as she can use them for something. she has no dignity or respect in my eyes and i truly regret i let someone like this shape what could have been my last day on this earth. last night, a complete stranger came up to me and told me as a dad, he felt so much sadness and concern for my well being that he had to say something. he gave me a hug and told me that he saw how much love i have to give and i should not even be here. after how much crying id already done that way, i could not believe how much hope i felt in my heart after hearing that from someone who did not even know me. i would need 4 hands to count the number of people who have offered to come over, who have spent time with me today, and just given me a phone call to let me talk and finally express the pain i have carried for so so long. some of my dearest friends have been so fucking supportive, and understood the pain and abuse i had endured for longer than anyone should have had to bear. i am sure things will not always be easy, and i know there will be times where my thoughts take over and i want to do something terrible. but after the ordeal of the last few days, i finally see the support that i have, and just how much i have going for me despite not realising it. i have made an interstate move happen all on my own, and been approved for my dream apartment. i am going out and meeting people, and tmi having really awesome sex after being with the most stale and unfulfilling sexual partner i have ever had. i go to the gym most days of the week now, and find so much enjoyment in working myself physically to improve my health. i put more time into my hobbies today, and found renewed vigour for guitar practice and my music theory work. i am practically drowning in job opportunities and have never felt so excited about the prospects in front of me. there are so many good things on the horizon for me, and one awful person should have never gotten in the way of that.all this is to say, i know that despite things not always going to be easy, i am glad i survived and that i am going to be ok. a lot of the work is on me and it will take a lot of effort, but i know what i need to do. if anyone has ever been in a position like mine, where someone has treated them this way and they feel there is no hope, just know that they are just one person who is trying to project their own shit onto someone else. for every one person like that in your life, you have 30 more who genuinely care and love you and want you to be ok. it was true for me, and i want this to be true to anyone who has gone through what i went through. attempted suicide on the weekend. now i feel so hopeful for the future.
you know, i try not to put my own symptoms above anyone else's. but it is a hard point to argue. i have lost more than most people ever will and i do not say that to spite people nor say their pain is less than mine. amp x200b i could write a book about the crap i have been through, i have actually. not officially published but i have written a book. amp x200b more to the point, it makes me wonder why. why was i put here? why this body? why this life? what in the fuck did i do in my past life or whatever to deserve this? seriously, i want to know. was i like, hitler or something? amp x200b you may ask yourself he cannot be that bad, right? and you would be wrong. amp x200b i will give you a brief overview immediate victim of favoritism within the first 3 years of life. i mean blatant favoritism parents divorced within those 3 years. parents stole me from each other, back and forth until social services stepped in first foster home gave me a short glimpse of what it was like to be cared for in the first time of my 8 years of life ended up being taken out of that home after about 6 months and put into a new one new foster mother beats me regularly, sexually abused me frequently and to top it off, keeps me locked up in a basement room with no windows, no clocks, no way to tell time. leaving me in there for days at a time. this was frequently done over a 5 year period of my life after 5 years had passed, my father got custody of me only to treat me like a ghost. he only got me back for the ssi check. other than that, i did not exist to him pretty much in school, i was teased a lot because i was constantly in sweats, i did not have any real clothing other than that and laundry was not done on any regular basis. their laundry was, mine was not. already extremely socially isolated, things progressively got worse up to the point of someone physically bullying me and eventually i snapped and put him in the hospital. made me realize what a monster i was. during the last couple years of high school, i found my high school sweetheart. we were together for 7 years. we made a son together. he is currently 17, turning 18 later this year. social services got involved in my life again claiming we had failed to get our son his shots, which we had to reschedule because her grandmother had passed on the day before the scheduled shots. so there goes a year and a half of fighting the incessant demands of social services they get into her head. tell her she does not need me. she leaves me, takes me to court for 100 custody. at that point, i did not think i could possibly be more broken. i did not have a choice, so i just gave up and within 2 months, she had taken my son to another state to pursue some internet boyfriend she met on some backwards art site d something or another. a couple years pass and i decide to try again with someone new. started off strong but there were a ton of issues and a lot of damage left behind from my past relationship. i could never trust her. still, she got pregnant on our second time so she had not gotten a chance to see the extent of the damage in me. i wish i could have been able to tell her to just run, run away from me. i suppose in some way, i did just not in so many words. towards the end our son was delivered as a stillborn. his umbilical cord had wrapped around his neck, killing him days before he was due. just a few days. we split ways after this. i took the loss personally, as though it was god's way of punishing me for being the monster i was. got super suicidal and tried dozens of times to end myself. all failed, obviously. a few more years passed after and i was still stuck on this notion that i wanted a family. so naturally, i found a new relationship and moved clear across the country just to be with her. while we were in person together, things were amazing. it was like gravity, we could not stay away from each other. but when the time came to part ways... that is when things got ugly, fast. still, we managed to make it last for nearly 5 years and she bore me another son. i wanted to be there so badly and she knew i did. we had talked about several times. i got to see my son once before she decided she was going to keep him from me. even despite the fact she knew i was going to be a good father. first her, it was just easier to not have to fight her grandparents who she lived with. so that is what she did. he was born nearly 7 years ago and i have not seen him since the day he was born. after two years of fighting with her to just be a family with me, i finally broke in the worst way i have ever broken in my life. i just gave up. she was not going to change her mind ever. so i walked away. more suicide attempts and a few months later i decided a drastic change was needed inside me. so that is what i did. i pursued self actualization and personal development and started to try to deal with all thus trauma i had experienced in this life. something clicked inside, like a burner just turned on and suddenly i started thinking differently, i became different than who i was before. the original owner of this vessel was gone and i was born. i was ready to accept that i would never have my own family, but i was not ready to give up on love so i went and found a new relationship. this one was actually pretty good. i did not accuse her of cheating ever in our entire relationship. i gave her room to do her own stuff and encouraged her to take time with her son, her friends, her family. i was being a good partner for once in my life and i was open to her, open to the idea this could last, it honestly felt like it was my forever home. i let myself actually believe in that. as you may suspect, things eventually fell apart. she pulled away from me, stopped so much as even touching me and i tried to talk with her, communicate what was going on to no avail. the day we broke up, she had gone away for 5 days saying she was babysitting her sister in law's dog. well, i found out that that whole story was a lie, just from a facebook post of her sister in law at home with her two children, getting ready for the weekend. in the end she said it was because i was too sensitive and too difficult to love. those words still stick with me almost 2 years later now. at this point i am completely lost about what i want anymore. i want to have that relationship that lasts but i am not sure i can trust myself to actually even try again. so what else is there for me? i could never have my family, cannot even have a secure relationship even when i have worked so hard to be acceptable and lovable. i cannot help but feel like i am just wasting time, wasting my therapist's time all in some delusion that i will ever be worthy of love. amp x200b that is just a chunk of my iceberg. the super short, short version. i suppose that is why it is so hard for me to believe that anyone could even comprehend the things i have been through. the bottom is not where you think it is. there are places in the mind, much darker, much deeper than you may ever know. end all, be all
my year relationship ended about a month ago for me it feel like it just happened yesterday every time i wake up i remember this person is no longer in my life i check my phone constantly throughout the day knowing there won t be message from them anymore i haven t accepted that it is over they were my first for everything it s hard right now because i m not working and sometimes i get a week break from school i ve had free time before but i haven t had free time without speaking to them constantly in year so i feel super lonely and i don t know what to do most of the day i spend in bed i wa diagnosed with depression about a week ago i have probably eaten le than 00 calorie a day for the past week which is just making the depression worse because there s no fuel in the tank sometimes le than that because i have no desire to eat i just feel nauseous i wa doing better somewhat until i decided to reach out to this person to confirm whether or not we could contact each other again and thinking we could possibly be friend in the future i got a message from this person about a week ago stating that it wa completely over a far a ever communicating with each other again and also my dog died so i lost the two thing i cared about the most all in the span of a month and long story short i harassed that person because i wanted them to talk to me i wanted to say goodbye properly and i wanted them to say goodbye properly because it didn t end well and i wanted to fix it i have always tried to fix thing and be perfect and never make mistake i just wanted to fix it i definitely made it way worse by spamming them i didn t mean to i have always tried to be a good person and do the right thing and treat people the right way and now i don t know who i am anymore i feel really really bad about it i would never actually do anything to hurt this person this person knew me more than anyone in my life ever ha i really didn t understand that what i wa doing wa harassment i thought if i messaged them enough they would understand me and talk to me but that wa not the case i tried to message them on multiple different platform and begged for them to speak to me most of the time i sent the message i wa in the middle of one of my panic attack or cry on the floor and sometimes i would try to reach out super late at night when the depression get the worse i would like to add that i ve never experienced heartbreak before and i ve never had anything this bad happen to me my mom s car accident affected me year ago but this wa a different kind of pain i even sent them money through a money transfer app just so i could send a message because i wa blocked on everything else i know that i m not okay but i don t know what to do or how to fix it it s worth noting that this person life very very far away so when the relationship ended i knew i d never see or hear from them again and i couldn t handle not having this person in my life we had talked messaged each other every single day for year and we had traveled to different place together over the last year my life ha always involved this person i don t know who i am without them the only time i m not in pain is when i m sleeping and even then i have dream about them but we are still together in those dream so when i wake up the realization is brutal i thought they were my soulmate and that we would be together forever and grow old together one day i think it s hard because i remember u promising to always be with each other and have each other to love each other forever i think i could maybe deal with the relationship ending but i can t let go of the promise we made and when i remember this person isn t in my life anymore it make me physically sick sometimes i get actual chest pain i m 0 and i don t think i m capable of loving someone else ever again i knew this person wa special from the moment i meant them i hesitated to ask them out because i knew there wa a possibility that relationship could end and i never wanted to have this person out of my life i wanted them to always be my friend and didn t want a relationship to possibly ruin that it did in the end anyways i lost my best friend not talking to them every day feel like a part of me is gone missing it doesn t feel right that we re not together anymore it feel like they died it feel like the universe isn t going right like it s not in alignment and this wasn t suppose to happen i don t think that we aren t suppose to be together it feel wrong they were suppose to come visit soon but now it s never going to happen i had already practiced how i wa going to show them how the shower work because everyone s work differently bought spare soap moved thing out of my room so it would be quieter at night for them planned the place we were going to go and thing we were going to do imagined u going to get food and sit in the car and talk how i wa going to show them new thing and comfort them during the long car drive the movie we were going to watch etc it s not happening anymore now i can t do any of those thing without breaking down how do i let this go and i definitely can never get on another plane again because i ve only ever been on plane to see them i wa at my happiest when i knew i wa on my way to them even though it usually took 9 hour total to get there i have deleted almost all our picture together but all the gift from them and their family are in my bottom dresser because i can t bring myself to get rid of them some of them were very special meaningful gift i wa there for christmas and i don t know what to do with them i don t feel like i m capable of throwing them away i am unable to open the dresser and look at them i feel like i m a bad person because this is not something i thought i would ever do i still love this person more than anything but i am going to go to therapy today so that i can work on moving on i can not do it myself i will never message them again but it s too late to take back everything i did and said i even said i hate them i wa so angry but i m incapable of hating this person even in my anger i could never hate this person i said it because i wa so hurt i wa told that i am going through grief i couldn t apologize because i m blocked on everything understandable so it s probably best that they leave me blocked for now because i m afraid that i will get angry sad again and say thing i don t mean or beg them to talk to me i also sent a letter to them where i said some thing when i wa angry but they won t receive that for week do you think they will ever forgive me one day for the harassment my intention weren t to scare them i needed to talk to them to stop the overwhelming sadness i thought that they still cared about me i think i wa begging them to still care i thought if i told them everything going wrong they would comfort me because our relationship had been so strong do you think that they will know that i m sorry am i a bad person for doing what i did
first time posting here and feeling a bit ambivalent about doing so as i have never really been active in this community or helped anyone, so feel a bit self indulgent and selfish posting. 30, soon to be 31. i have had an issue with weed since i was 19 did not accept i had an addiction until 24 but never made any efforts to address it due to my own self loathing and warped mindframe that i deserved to be nothing more than an addict and waste of space . cut down hugely but now that my mind is clearer, i cannot stop thinking about how incredibly shit a person i am. used to have friends in uni, drifted from a lot of them due to smoking i would flake on invites to things and smoke myself into a daze. rinse and repeat . got together with someone from a local sporting community i was involved in and had tons of friends in it. i let myself believe that these people actually liked me and that my self loathing was unwarranted. when we broke up, and i very shortly thereafter suffered a catastrophic leg injury i can walk again now, thankfully , it became very clear a lot of those people much rathered my ex than myself and i lost what i thought were very close friends. no one bar my family visited me in hospital and none of those friends ever reached out to see how i was. it destroyed me for a while but i talked myself into believing i was better off without people like that. it still stung and i basically have never properly returned to social media or to that community due to feeling so shit and hated it was very clear that some of them really really did not like me, and a lot of rumours were spread by a dick i had rejected from that community after he had propositioned me. i was not around to defend myself due to the injury and i guess people decided they would rather believe his lies than ask me. a further indication of how low they view me. that was a good few years ago and i still cannot shake the sense of betrayal and that i am clearly a pos if all of these people decided they wanted nothing to do with me. out of sight, out of mind.i feel like anyone who is not family that is still in contact with me is doing it as a favour to me, and cannot shake the feeling everyone actually really dislikes me. i hate myself and find social interaction difficult with people because in the back of my mind i am always telling myself that the person hates me or finds me boring self indulgent an asshole etc. this has further made me withdraw as i do not want to inconvenience others. i have a good job i feel i do not deserve, which i am struggling with doing at the moment due to how low i am. i do not see the point in anything and find myself thinking that if i killed myself at least work could hire someone competent. i have a loving boyfriend who is incredible and so patient but due to historic sexual abuse, i can be quite nervous with intimacy. i have only ever once really been able to be in the here and now in the moment with him without my mind dissociating or me recalling the abuse. i have found myself thinking if i killed myself, he could be free to do what he wants and eventually meet someone who is good for him. i have been talking myself out of breaking up with him as i know if i do do that, that is one less obstacle on the path to killing myself. i cannot shake the feeling that i am the worst thing for him and that i am wasting his life when he could be so much happier with someone who deserves him. i have a supportive family. my mum and her partner are great, getting on in life and i find myself getting worried about the 2 of them as they get older and then chastise myself for being kind of ageist . i have a sister, we are not close but we try to be but there is a lot of tension and tbh i do not like her as a person and believe a lot of my self hatred is rooted in some very serious bullying and abuse by her when i was a small kid. i have a brother but he is estranged from the family. we very occasionally check in but it is clear he wishes he was not related to us at times he has his own mental health issues and i think blames our family for a lot of it. . i have aunts and uncles who are lovely and kind and i love them all very much. but. i feel like if i killed myself it would make everyone is lives so much easier.i can be hard to get on with, and am high strung and have a hearing sensitivity that makes being around loud or shrill noises very difficult. that sadly includes the noises of kids simply having fun and being a bit boisterous. i hate that i get physiological pain just by being around my niece and nephew when they are giddy. i am abnormal and i feel like i bring everyone else down or that they are only nice to me because they feel sorry for me. i cannot stop thinking i am a burden, a waste of space, a nuisance. when i see people i know who are very sick, or people with very serious conditions that impair their quality of life, i feel like an ungrateful pos that i have a working healthy body and yet want to die. i do not deserve my body and keep finding myself wishing there was a way i could trade. i wish that i could give my able body or my natural life expectancy to others. that if i killed myself, the x amount of years i did not live could transfer over to someone else.if i killed myself, my mum and her partner would not have to catch up with me or endure my presence. if i killed myself, my sister would not have to poorly pretend to tolerate me nor pay back a loan i gave her years ago which she keeps dodging. if i killed myself, some of my savings could go to my brother which would hugely help him out. if i killed myself, my extended family would not have to waste any time talking to me at family gatherings and they could actually have some fun. if i killed myself, the majority of my savings would go to my mum and her partner and would help them do some renovations on my mum's house or help her to buy the house of her dreams. if i killed myself, my partner could be free, would not have to mind me, and would also get a whack of my savings which would help him travel the world like he is always dreamed of. if i killed myself, people would not have to be polite to me. if i killed myself, i cease to be a burden after the funeral has been planned and done . if i killed myself, depending in the means, i could donate my organs and actually do something good with my life for once.i know my mind is clearly twisted right now but i cannot stop thinking that if i honestly just killed myself, everyone else would be so much better off. i am miserable, i constantly try to suppress it or hide it, i feel like people really dislike me or tolerate me and almost all of my friends have drifted away from me. i have no common ground with anyone and my drug addiction wasted so many years where i ultimately have no real hobbies, or interests or personality. i just want to die but know it will hurt my family. good live from the outside but i just want to press off
first time posting here and feeling a bit ambivalent about doing so as i have never really been active in this community or helped anyone, so feel a bit self indulgent and selfish posting. 30, soon to be 31. i have had an issue with weed since i was 19 did not accept i had an addiction until 24 but never made any efforts to address it due to my own self loathing and warped mindframe that i deserved to be nothing more than an addict and waste of space . cut down hugely but now that my mind is clearer, i cannot stop thinking about how incredibly shit a person i am. used to have friends in uni, drifted from a lot of them due to smoking i would flake on invites to things and smoke myself into a daze. rinse and repeat . got together with someone from a local sporting community i was involved in and had tons of friends in it. i let myself believe that these people actually liked me and that my self loathing was unwarranted. when we broke up, and i very shortly thereafter suffered a catastrophic leg injury i can walk again now, thankfully , it became very clear a lot of those people much rathered my ex than myself and i lost what i thought were very close friends. no one bar my family visited me in hospital and none of those friends ever reached out to see how i was. it destroyed me for a while but i talked myself into believing i was better off without people like that. it still stung and i basically have never properly returned to social media or to that community due to feeling so shit and hated it was very clear that some of them really really did not like me, and a lot of rumours were spread by a dick i had rejected from that community after he had propositioned me. i was not around to defend myself due to the injury and i guess people decided they would rather believe his lies than ask me. a further indication of how low they view me. that was a good few years ago and i still cannot shake the sense of betrayal and that i am clearly a pos if all of these people decided they wanted nothing to do with me. out of sight, out of mind.i feel like anyone who is not family that is still in contact with me is doing it as a favour to me, and cannot shake the feeling everyone actually really dislikes me. i hate myself and find social interaction difficult with people because in the back of my mind i am always telling myself that the person hates me or finds me boring self indulgent an asshole etc. this has further made me withdraw as i do not want to inconvenience others. i have a good job i feel i do not deserve, which i am struggling with doing at the moment due to how low i am. i do not see the point in anything and find myself thinking that if i killed myself at least work could hire someone competent. i have a loving boyfriend who is incredible and so patient but due to historic sexual abuse, i can be quite nervous with intimacy. i have only ever once really been able to be in the here and now in the moment with him without my mind dissociating or me recalling the abuse. i have found myself thinking if i killed myself, he could be free to do what he wants and eventually meet someone who is good for him. i have been talking myself out of breaking up with him as i know if i do do that, that is one less obstacle on the path to killing myself. i cannot shake the feeling that i am the worst thing for him and that i am wasting his life when he could be so much happier with someone who deserves him. i have a supportive family. my mum and her partner are great, getting on in life and i find myself getting worried about the 2 of them as they get older and then chastise myself for being kind of ageist . i have a sister, we are not close but we try to be but there is a lot of tension and tbh i do not like her as a person and believe a lot of my self hatred is rooted in some very serious bullying and abuse by her when i was a small kid. i have a brother but he is estranged from the family. we very occasionally check in but it is clear he wishes he was not related to us at times he has his own mental health issues and i think blames our family for a lot of it. . i have aunts and uncles who are lovely and kind and i love them all very much. but. i feel like if i killed myself it would make everyone is lives so much easier.i can be hard to get on with, and am high strung and have a hearing sensitivity that makes being around loud or shrill noises very difficult. that sadly includes the noises of kids simply having fun and being a bit boisterous. i hate that i get physiological pain just by being around my niece and nephew when they are giddy. i am abnormal and i feel like i bring everyone else down or that they are only nice to me because they feel sorry for me. i cannot stop thinking i am a burden, a waste of space, a nuisance. when i see people i know who are very sick, or people with very serious conditions that impair their quality of life, i feel like an ungrateful pos that i have a working healthy body and yet want to die. i do not deserve my body and keep finding myself wishing there was a way i could trade. i wish that i could give my able body or my natural life expectancy to others. that if i killed myself, the x amount of years i did not live could transfer over to someone else.if i killed myself, my mum and her partner would not have to catch up with me or endure my presence. if i killed myself, my sister would not have to poorly pretend to tolerate me nor pay back a loan i gave her years ago which she keeps dodging. if i killed myself, some of my savings could go to my brother which would hugely help him out. if i killed myself, my extended family would not have to waste any time talking to me at family gatherings and they could actually have some fun. if i killed myself, the majority of my savings would go to my mum and her partner and would help them do some renovations on my mum's house or help her to buy the house of her dreams. if i killed myself, my partner could be free, would not have to mind me, and would also get a whack of my savings which would help him travel the world like he is always dreamed of. if i killed myself, people would not have to be polite to me. if i killed myself, i cease to be a burden after the funeral has been planned and done . if i killed myself, depending in the means, i could donate my organs and actually do something good with my life for once.i know my mind is clearly twisted right now but i cannot stop thinking that if i honestly just killed myself, everyone else would be so much better off. i am miserable, i constantly try to suppress it or hide it, i feel like people really dislike me or tolerate me and almost all of my friends have drifted away from me. i have no common ground with anyone and my drug addiction wasted so many years where i ultimately have no real hobbies, or interests or personality. i just want to die but know it will hurt my family. good live from the outside but i just want to press off
i am such a retarded fuck up, you know what i am tired of hearing? i am tired of hearing my school counsellor or my soccer coach telling me shit like 'it is in your head', 'get out of your own head' and the most useless of all 'combat challenge those negative thoughts'. surely, one would think, if they were capable of basic human tasks, i.e. not fucking up everything you do, the most basic of tasks in a sport, or talking to people, or giving people eye contact for god's sake, you would not need to artificially boost yourself esteem. because you are capable of those things, you are capable of functioning as a social able human. you know how fucked my self esteem is? sometimes, well actually, most of the time, i hate having a fucking shower because i hate seeing my disgusting retarded fucking body in the mirror. despite being told by some that i am too skinny, or that i am normal, etc etc. i still feel and i still am a fat fucking retarded loser. i do pretty decent at school, i got an estimated atar of 84 for year 12. i wanted to be a pilot in the raaf, but how the fuck am i ever going to achieve that if i am just an autistic bumbling piece of shit retard who cannot have a conversation with their mates one on one. i can do speeches to a class, or hell, even the school fine but when it comes to talking to someone or having a conversation, i just cannot. i literally want to kill myself as an escape. i remember early 2019 i think , i was plus oned since i never get invited to parties, not even my own friends' to a girl's party who i somewhat had a crush on if you would even call it that, i do not think i had ever spoken to her, even to this day . being the socially inept fuckwit that i am, i practically held on for mercy to my friend group as it slowly deteriorated as they spoke to other guys, and women who they did or did not know at the party. eventually i was all alone, kind of just awkwardly sitting on my phone in the corner while everyone was having fun in the pool. you want to know what i was thinking while everyone was exploring their teenage lives with girls or having fun with their mates? i thought about i could smash my skull on the edge of the pool hard enough so that i would knock myself out and drown, or how i wish, how i begged that i had a gun and could just shoot myself in the fucking head. i eventually had the nerve to walk out on the party while some of my mates asked where i was going, or that they did not want me to leave. staying at that party would have done far more harm then good i estimate, in fact i know it would have made me more depressed on the walk home then i already was going to be as i walked home. why cannot i just be normal like everyone else, is it because i am an only child who spent 90 of his childhood staring at the wall or watching tv on his own because no one was ever home? is it because i was a fat little fucker throughout the entirety of primary school, and how being picked on for being a fat cunt has subconsciously impacted by self esteem? or was it that time in 2019 when i got completely dacked doing a pullup on the oval infront of the entire fucking school? i was already a social anxiety having fucking retard back then. holy shit typing this just feels good man, wow. do i have asperges? i do not fucking know. do i have social anxiety? i do not know. am i just shy? i do not know. do i have depression? i do not know. i hope i do not but i kind of hope i do at the same time so i have a reason to be so mentally fucking defective. all i know is that i have fantasized about killing myself since i was a 10 year old, and nofap has merely granted me more time to think about how badly i just want to kill myself. how bad i just want to buy a gun, or join the army and just shoot myself in the fucking skull and just obliterate my existence from this earth. on that note, i am not like most people who say they have given up on humanity and how they are turning their back on humanity . because i am not angry at society or humanity, i know i am the issue, i am the defect. i am so lonely and i love this solace, this hole that i am in, this melancholy. it feels warm, cozy, it feels like i belong here and it feels like i am here to stay. i do not give a fuck anymore, i just want to die. maybe i will regret it when i do kill myself one day. i am just so tired of being an autistic little fuckup loser. sometimes when i get mad at myself or i feel stress, i just like to rant in my head how i am so much a fucking fat little cunt f ggot fucking loser, it feels good. sometimes i like to pretend i am holding a gun to my head or in my mouth with my hand and just pretend i am pulling the trigger and that i will not be here anymore. i remember when i was a little younger, i used to go sleep, making a prayer eastern orthodox and just pray that god will kill me or end my life. i am just listing my thoughts here so if this feels a little disjointed, i apologise. i just wish i could be normal, i wish i did not hate the very existence of my being, my body, my stupid ugly fucking face. i wish i could look people in the eye while i talk to them. i wish i could talk to people. i wish i could talk to girls, i wish i could feel not lonely. i have done research on how to do those things, and it just brings me back to where i started. 'it is in your head', 'get out of your own head' and the most useless of all 'combat challenge those negative thoughts'. just read that, kind of liked how i brought it full circle. i know other stuff about helping my social anxiety and stuff, people say just talk to people or talk to strangers, even just shallow talk etc. and it will get easier. sure maybe it might, but i do not want to have to try man, i am so fucking sick of having to strive to be average instead of just 'being average'. i do not want to try, i just want to kill myself and not have to bother, just give up. some of you reading that message above might be a bit smug and say, 'then do it, nothing is stopping you, just do it, you are just going to be another statistic.' do you really think i care about being another statistic? if i had a gun, i would have already killed myself lmao. i would probably be dead in the pool or on the couch, i do not fucking know. i am listening to some radiohead and just writing these things while putting on a good album of their just feels right. i will wrap it up here, how the fuck are people cocky? how are people arrogant or become overconfident? i want that shit man, surely it is better than every thought you have in your brain is either a plea for suicide or a neutral thought which manifests itself into a negative one. anyways, that is all i can think of for now in my smug retarded essay. comment what you guys think or something so i know my block of text did not go unnoticed. or even advice, i dunno, i have not totally given up yet. thanks guys. self esteem kind of just listing things to get off my chest
at the beginning, i have not seen professionalist yet. i tried once the school psychologist, but she did not want to listen about my worries that i have depression. she helped me with my father and i do not listen that buying a bottle of water for me is not worth and it is too expensive anymore, so she at least helped me in some sphere.i have been simping girls since i was 6. i have not been in serious relationship and i have not had sex so far. since i remember i used to have 1 friend, no more than just 1, who was often changing. when i turned 14, it was more difficult to me, so i kept looking desperately for anybody. at this moment, i have one friend who survived with me surprisingly long, because more than a year is a shock! for 5 years i can count on 1 hand amount of people with who i talk regularly even on chat. i do not go out more often than twice a month with this one friend, because i have no one else to see. it makes me lonely, and it made me addicted to ma te. i resigned from all kinds of parties, because whenever i try to go for it, it is a disaster! school parties, parties in houses or in clubs, birthdays or anything else, it is always worse than i can even imagine. last time i ran out crying to my car and i was sitting in there for 30 minutes after 20 min preparing for coming back there from the same car. i was scared and tired, i was so stressed that i vomit immediately everything i tried to eat, so i just drank water. i also completely resigned from drinking alcohol, in 2021 i am 100 clear. since my 18th birthday january 2020 i drank max. 10 beers up to august 2020. i used to be stood over by a lot of people on different levels of my education by age mates. i was called fa ot , even by my father. i would like to mention here that i always was straight. i keep social distanced, because i cannot deal with people. i am boring and cannot make anybody feel safe because i am weak physically and emotionally. i am lanky but useless. i have good grades, but i am stupid.i am retarded on relationships sphere, but i am not dangerous or aggressive. i am werid and panic a lot. i want to cry in situations when there are a lot of people around me, like in theater. because of that i would love to move to introvertial japan, but i will come back to that later. i do not have any useful knowledge or skills that would let me become independent, so i am also addicted to my parents' will. i do everything so slowly and i do not have any power to live. i sleep 10 hours per day, then i go to my seasonal job, come back home, have 3h to waste and go to sleep again, it has some charm that i like. tomorrow i am getting results from exams i was writting at the end of high school, which will tell me if i have any chances to go to university, but i do not have big hopes. i would like to be journalist or therapist, but i cannot deal with myself, so where is dealing with other people?i live with my parents and grandparents at the same time in the same flat. they are all far religious, so i do not have a choice when it comes to religion. i have to go to church once a week or i will get punished by for example more practicing and praying. they used to breed me together because my parents work a lot so my grandparents were substituting them. i deal with 2 different types of breeding and i must satisfy them all by being nice and kind and do everything they expect and want from me. i am agnostic, but i must pretend i am religious too. when i told honestly my father that i do not pray regularly at home, he treated me like air for 3 weeks did not talk to me, ignored me etc.they are pragmatic and conservative so i sometimes treat them like they are dumber than me but they have 1 thing i am jealous of will to live. i would love to sleep forever, because i do not want to take responsibility for my life. i would probably be already dead if i was not so scared of death, thanks to their influence. i do not have anybody who could help me with my hell, which i probably made for my own wish. i do not have power to live, people around me do not see life in me, i am pessimistic and cannot find any good feature in me. i am worthless and i get what i deserve.i find pleasure in fanaticism and obsession. firstly it were cartoons, then anime, now whole japan. i am obsessed with it, i would love to move there but i know that i am blind and i do not see disadvantages. i have the feeling like only there i can achieve my biggest dream happiness. i would probably reject every couple offer from local women because i only find asian girls attractive. i am more interested in their culture, art, nature, music and more than my local. maybe i consider it as paradise because it is so far from my actual place of living, my family and more. sometimes i feel it is achievable, but usually i treat it as dream which is impossible to achieve. i am so separated, but i do not feel any privacy out of my phone because of my brother with who i share my room, and we always get the same things. i feel like i were completely average, grey person, but under tameness.the worst thing is that i got used to everything of that not having girlfriend and friends, being addicted and obedient to my family, being weak, dumb and childish, to being ugly and scared of everything. i do not want to change because it is out of my control, i do not want it and probably i would not even have enough power to that. i know s it and i do not know why i write this. one of my foreign mates from india told me to do that few times this year so i finally did that, but i already consider my life as lost. it all comes to time when i finally die but i do not even know if after death it will be better.i love watching scars, ravens, blood especially blooding wounds and eyes and i tried to write a novel in my native language. i did it and published it so i know i left anything on this world but it will not succeed. i am completely apathic and lazy, and probably any help would not let me live normally now, it is already too bad. it is all my fault and i know about it. stuff like everything's going to be ok or you need to take care of yourself and keep fighting do not work on me it is done. any speciallist have not told me that i have depression, because i have not visited any forever and i will not do it soon, because i do not have enough money.thank you for listening to me, i do not expect anything else from you now. i do not have hope, will or power to change my life, so it just depends on time when i will be brave enough to start doing something... to end this. my best friends are funko pops of my favorite band... really, it is comedy, not tragedy.i wish everyone all the best every time because i know how bad can life be and i do not wish it to anybody so please guys, if you are not that down yet, try!greetings,b! my name is to hard to spell lt 3 the most depressing case of undiscovered depression
i just really want to get this out, and maybe please hopefully someone has some words that might be able to help at all. i am really really sorry about it being so long, i just need to get it outim a 26 year old indian man grown up in quite a traditional household in the uk, which means mental health is always a taboo subject, and as such i have never brought up any issues i have had with my parents. i think on some level they might know i have experienced issues in some capacity, given i have done a lot of reading on the subject, and done charity work for mental health charities etc. but a part of me wonders if their upbringing makes it obvious to believe that its a true problem that is not sorted with a hugso i went to a good school, excellent university, had great grades, show great social skills as a front whenever i need to, had a good job, then took a two years out and moved to japan, and now moved back a month ago living with my parents for the first time in 8 years.something is wrong, i just feel so mentally fragile all the time. nothing i do gets me any mental strength and i run on a rolling 1 2 day cycle of feeling ok then heavy and useless again. as a backstory, i grew up with no friends, a situation i actually do not remember as i have recently realised i have sdam inability to remember anything than the most recent few years . which i always saw as a positive, because whatever it was, it was in the past, and i am beyond that. from 18 20 in university i always felt completely mentally strong and myself. then at the same time found out about some infidelity in my father, the only person i had felt close to until that time excluding my brother , and the only person id ever call if anything went wrong. fortunately those trust issues were compensated for by finding my first love at the time, but then when i moved to america, this was compensated for by drinking excessively for that entire year, pretty much joining a frat and drinking all my troubles away for the year without talking to my family at all. that year concluded in breaking up with my girlfriend at the time due to further lies and infidelity from her side. then back in the uk to finish my studies and started work for a few years. after the initial getting over the trust from my ex, these 3 4 years were probably the strongest of my life. i felt confident, over all the trust issues or so i thought , regained my relationship with family and friends. i had a great job, a great house, good circle of friends. just a great all round time.then i went to japan, and again, the first 6 months of my life were some of the most exciting, new city, new culture, incredible new career, learning so much about myself. and found love for the 2nd time, which happened to be during covid quarantine, and as such went from 0 100 which was the most incredible and comfortable 3 months of my life. as someone who people say, connect with them in a way they have never experienced all the time, finding truly someone who i feel that relationship reciprocated is very rare for me, so was very excited. then slowly over the next year and a half that turned into a steady comfortable relationship. were very different people, but somehow it worked, i think she slowed me down in a much needed way. although my good times previously were very mentally strong, it was very high functioning, and i probably needed someone who just lived in the now bringing me back to a healthier version of strong mind however again through a few of half truths and lies about the past from her side over the next 3 months, sort of put a damper on it, and made me continually question the relationship. the thing is this time round, although not condoning it, i can actually see the logic as to why there was lies, and in my clearest mind can see that we still have a confident future together, as there was no malicious intent. long story short, the year since then has been a constant rumination of mental battles on the same issues over and over again, mainly trust, and whenever i get stuck thinking about it, it takes me weeks or even months to get over it and regresses me back into my worst depressive states. and although i do not know the true because, the more i think about it, rather than from the actual issues from the relationship, i think the underlying issues with my previous trust being broken in my father and first love have put me in a position where although i want to, i cannot just let go of the past with the new relationship, and i struggle trust again, and this just screws up my whole mind.these ruminations were kept at bay while in japan, because i was still surrounded with the loving relationship and doing meditation, yoga, and surfing to keep my mind as clear as possible. although often getting stuck, i found myself getting out of it much quicker. the only way it really did however was to almost limit the longevity of the relationship in my mind, to limit how much the hurt caused me to become unfunctional as a human now back in the uk for a month and i am stuck beyond belief. i feel like the same thought loops get stuck in my head, and i find myself going over the same thing, and the same conversations with my brain trying to apply some logic as to why i should get over it. all this does is mentally weigh me down beyond belief, and just continually ruin my day to day life. and now i cannot bring myself to do any of the things which helped, yoga, meditation. everything just gets me stuck in a way i cannot live. i do not know if its the being back at my parents home after so long, the relationship lack of trust, the lack of job, the culture shock or just all of them. i think with my idle mind is the devils plaything, and most of all it seems to be playing on my relationship view and ruining my mind.now my every interaction just leads me into a state of mental instability. today my parents came back after a day out and told me they bought me some new bedsheets as a gift, but the prospect of anything new surprise out of the ordinary just breaks me, and i had to walk away saying i did not want it, half angry, while trying to hold back tears. just crumbing mentallythen all i can do is get angry at myself for acting like a dick in the face of a kind gesture from people who love me.i just do not know what to do, nothing i do feels like it helps, and i do not want to do anything other than stay in bed all day, while i am torn about putting on a brave face to my parents so they do not see it in me. i want to get back to the healthy self i was at any point in my life, but do not know how to do it.if anyone can read this and maybe provide any help, something to do, something to focus on, anyone who is been through something similar, or even someone to talk to, i would be really appreciative.i am really sorry again for the long post. do not know how to continue in life
hi, i am f29. i do not know where to begin and how to describe my situation. my brain is a bit foggy and the whole text will be a mess, but i hope you bear with me. today i finally faced my fears and decided to seek help for anxiety, depression and work related burn out. i am absolutely terrified and i wish to get some kind of support. i feel like i am a failure, weak person or somehow just bad. i am scared of how my work community will react to me probably taking a few months of sick leave because i cannot handle the pressure and stress anymore. i am scared of getting a stigma of being lazy or untrustworthy. i am scared i will never be trusted again. i feel disappointed in myself. i feel like i am unfit for the society and somehow i will never be able to live a normal life.i have been more or less depressed for the past 2 years. i have a history with depression, eating disorders and anxiety as long as i can remember long story short, i grew up in a very toxic family and because of that i cut all ties to my mother 10 years ago . in my life there has been multiple crisis that has affected me, but this time it was actually different than before past crisis were due to abusive people around toxic relationships. amp x200b what lead me here this time it all pretty much started when i started my studies in uni. i had to move 300 km away from my significant other and all my closest friends. i left everything i knew behind and stepped into the unknown. it was mentally exhausting. somehow i survived the first 2 years of uni but i reached a breaking point during the 3rd year. i decided to take 1,5 years worth of courses in 6 months just so that i will graduate faster and get home faster. it all backfired on me and i just burned out completely. i just left my studies and moved back home, decided to put uni on hold and wait to get better. that was 2 years ago and i have not been able to even think about my studies ever since.i study economics and business administration and i had already agreed for a summer job in business finances before i actually moved back home. so the plan was to rest for a few months and just go to work for a few months and see how i feel about studying after the summer. i was doing extremely well with my job and they decided to give me a permanent position. i took it because 1. i really needed the money and 2. i felt like i was not ready to return to my studies.this is where it all started going wrong. first mentally exhausting thing that really hit me hard was sexual harassment from my coworker. one night he got really drunk at a company party and was just really all over me. i froze completely. he said the most nasty, vile things to me and i just stood there, not knowing what to do i was not drunk . the whole event is something i still cannot even think about. the person makes me sick and i just feel sick and i feel like i physically can not go back to that night in my head. i could have reported him he had a history of sexual harassment reports but i felt like it was my fault. i started to suffer from panic attacks before work, i felt guilty about it. i felt dirty and unworthy. he continued to harass me even when he was sober. and every day at work i just pretended nothing ever happened, while i felt completely broken on the inside. after some months, i decided i need to leave that environment and i applied for a new job within the same organization. i never really told anyone what happened or dealt with it, i just pushed the whole thing aside in my head and decided to move on. i got the job i applied for and it was actually something really interesting. 200 better than what i had before. i thought it will be the beginning of something good, for the first time in my life i actually had a job that i enjoyed, that i was actually really damn good at and that felt right every day. looking back at it, i feel like eventhough all of this is true, i was not really ready to take on new challenges and the previous events were still at the back of my head like an open wound.the new department i joined is relatively new and tbh, nobody knew shit there. the amount of people working in that department went from 15 when i started to 60 within 1 year. it was, and still is, blatantly obvious that i was one of the most professional and capable person there. so they started to give me the most difficult projects. they put me in charge of developing new processes and basically teaching all the new people what to do and how to do it. i loved the topic so i never said no. the shit just kept piling and piling. more things to do, more projects, more this, more that. i told my supervisor it is getting out of control. that i am drowning. i do not have enough time in my day to do all of this. he is a cool dude so he decided to give me a promotion and a team of 5 people so i can give them some of the stuff. the problem is, these 6 people that are now in my team are new workers, and the stuff i do requires a lot of knowledge on the topic. so now i am basically teaching them everything i know and doing all the stuff i was doing before and all the new stuff that keeps coming weekly.i have not slept since november. i do not go out. i do not answer when my phone rings and my friends call, because i feel like i am just too tired to even talk. i do not want to see anyone. i am angry, frustrated. all the stuff that i kept inside my head is now coming out. i have not had my period in 8 months. i gained 7 kg in half a year because i am too tired to cook food so i just order unhealthy food at home. yesterday i had a complete melt down at work due to the frustration of not being able to read an email, because i cannot focus on anything anymore. i did not sleep all night and woke up just crying hysterically. i finally went and saw a doctor today and the diagnosis is anxiety, depression and burn out. i am seeing another one next week as well as a psychologist. it is going to be a long sick leave by the looks of it. by nature i am a perfectionist, over achiever, i set my goals super high and my standards for my work even higher. i do not know who i am trying to impress, or if i am just trying to prove my self worth by being a super human. but i feel like i disappointed myself and everyone around me. i feel like i am being unfair towards others if i take time off. i am scared shitless of being seen as weak by everyone around me. and i am so angry because i did not meet my own expectations. this is my first day of sick leave and i am already terrified of going back to work and seeing everyone. i do not know how to handle my fears, the anger, the sadness and being so god damn tired that even emptying the dish washer sounds like too difficult of a task to complete. today i decided to seek help and it scares me
i feel like i'm finally ready to end it all. these last 5 years have taken such a toll on me, that i just don't have the will to go on. my father was never in my life much, and my mother was more interested in alcohol and weed than myself and brothers wellbeing. the only paternal support we've really had is from our grandma. she has always done what she thought was best for my brother and me,, though she wasn't always able to give us the emotional support we needed. i've struggled with anxiety and depression since i was a teenager, and never had any sense of self worth or respect. the friends i had were their for convenience, we shared some similar hobbies, and i was willing to do whatever they needed if that meant we could hang out. when i was 22, i started hanging out with a kind of bad crowd. we mainly got high and went to festivals and got drunk downtown. there were fun moments, but eventually an incident happened at a festival and i stopped hanging out with them. i did coke for the first time at this festival, and they all left me alone for the day. afterwards, i stopped hanging out with them, more so out of getting my head straight, but none of then reached out to ke. even to this day. i still see them from time to time around town, and they've all moved on to become better updmstanding people. still hanging out together. without me. after that happened i focused on work, did a bit of job hopping, started being healthier, lost a ton of weight i was obese from middle school up to 23 , and eventually my brother and i moved out into another apartment together with our grandma. he soon met a woman and got married, and they moved into their own place, so it was just me and my grandma. i did eventually meet a girl, and after a year i also moved into a place with her when i was 26. it was good for awhile, but her mom hated me. i wasn't extremely religious. i'm not against it in any way, but i don't need a book to tell me how to be a good person. she judged me from our first meeting, especially since i didn't come from a good stable background. i'm glossing over a lot but it had a significant impact on our relationship. we live there together for 1 year. i don't know when it started, but we would get into these intense arguments. she had a lot going on with her family and job, and along with covid and isolation, the stress was too much for us to work through. after 7 months of living together we broke up. i left the apartment and went back to my grandmas place. we tried to stay friends, but i've realized that the changes in her personality have become too toxic for me. she knows my struggles with my insecurities, my depression, my anxiety, and even my family issues. up until yesterday, she used that to manipulate me into being there for her emotionally. i kept struggling to break away, but she would bring up my past mistakes in our relationship and guilt me to continue being there for her. anyways i went back to one of my old jobs, and was there until this past january. i left because i felt like i reached my peak. the customers were getting worse, we got a new manager who complete changed everything to their liking. i was overworked and felt undervalued. i didn't have a game plan, i just knew that for my mental health i needed to leave. since then i havent found any kind of job. since i left school, i dont hsve any qualifications except for retail, fast food, and other menial jobs. in the past year i gained back all the weight i lost. my body has been going through certain issues that i truly can't even afford to go to the doctor for. my grandma, bless her heart, hasn't been too pushy about me finding a job. but i can see her irritation in her eyes. i know she's concerned about me isolating myself in my room. i don't even play games much anymore. i just waste my days browsing online, looking for jobs, and then just laying in bed thinking of my life. i have no one close around me. i have no friends, no so, and i can't even talk to my brother about my depression. i know he's going through his own stuff, and he's tried to get me to play games with him but i feel like he should just focus on himself. the last two days i've been contemplating my life, my place in the world. i've come to the conclusion that i am just someone who doesn't belong. i'm not destined for a good life, not even an ok life. when i felt it was good it was ripped away from me, despite all my efforts to fix everything. i'm starting over from the bottom. living with my grandma again. overweight, jobless, and no real worth. i always felt so shityy for it, but i finally made my peace. i've struggled with suicide though a lot lately, i was afraid of actually going through with it because of my grandma and brother. even my mommombit. i know they will be heartbroken, i know it will take some time for them to recover, but they will eventually. my grandma is so emotion strong, and my brother, while he will be more hurt from it, is also stronger than me emotionally. he also has his wife there to support him. we used to talk about suicide when things were bad, and he always said no matter what happened to us he would never be ble to go through with that. i used to think i couldn't either....i guess i truly am a weakling. i know it'll be hard for them, but i feel that their lives will be so much easier once they don't have to worry about me anymore. i've made peace with it. they were the last things holding me back, but i don't feel worried anymore. they'll be able to live their lives when i'm gone, and i won't be a burden for them and for myself anymore. i'm exhausted. every day is such a struggle to get up and try. lately i've been having nightmares. they've gotten worse, and i feel this is the only way to stop. i'm tired of fighting, i'm tired of trying. i've accepted that i'm not meant for anything, and i've accepted i don't deserve happiness. i'm ready now. for the first time in 5 years i've bought some wine. i hate wine with a passion, but it aas on clearance and i just needed to get my head to stop thinking. once she leaves for work tomorrowi think ill just drink myself stulud. i dont know whatll happen, maybe i wont go through wjth it, but this is the first time ive felt good about ending it. all i can think of is how itll be overoveri wont have to suffer anymore, i wont be a burden anymore. i wont be worthless anymore. ill be forgotten, which i am ok with. if you took the time to read this i thank you wholeheartedly. i know it's a bunch of ramblings, but it feels good to get it off my chest. i feel like with this i can take that step, and i will finally achieve peace. i hope if you read this, don't be like me. i am a weakling, but i hope you can use this to push on. do what i couldn't do. i wish you the best of luck
my life is a total shitshow i had an abusive childhood physical mental and emotional abuse complete neglect and ignoring from my father and overbearing manipulation from my mother religious abuse because of the way i wa raised i wa sexually molested in high school i went from that life experience straight into unexpected motherhood and eventually a marriage that quickly became toxic but i loved him so much that i couldn t even acknowledge the abuse that wa happening more kid later i watch them living through their own childhood hell and i tried so hard to fix everything but it just kept getting worse being used worsening mental and emotional abuse trying to carry the demand and unhappiness of someone who refused to get help for their diagnosed mental issue and i began losing myself in my own anxiety and depression after year of escalating mistreatment and abuse my husband told me he wanted a divorce the following month were a nightmare i found out he wa cheating on me and went through more abuse during the process of separation i fell completely apart emotionally and began having multiple panic attack a day i couldnt eat or sleep i had heart attack brought on from the stress my husband wa still living in our house at the time but didnt even show concern or acknowledge that i almost died i wa back at work the following monday he took all the money and spent what little i made at time i couldn t even feed my kid my daughter wa buying food at school so she and her younger brother could eat i fought tooth and nail for my marriage trying so hard because even though he treated me like shit he wa my world and i loved him he had been my rock throughout my teen year helping me get through the abuse and trauma at home only to become the same type of father himself i tried to help him to help my kid and i loved them all with my entire being trying to be the glue that held u all together but i couldn t fight the inevitable my entire life wa torn apart he divorced me leaving me with our traumatized suffering kid and our broken down house to assuage his guilt i sought help because i wa self harming and suicidal i wa diagnosed with a slew of mental condition including depression anxiety and ptsd i wa not a functioning human being for at least a year i barely remember that time of my life other than the agony and feeling like a walking corpse i mourned the death of who i had been the last few year since then have been nothing but struggle too my house had already been falling apart but thing just kept worsening electrical line not working that meant no oven full size refrigerator or dish washer no air conditioning no heat no hot water a pool that is dilapidated and look like a swamp there are so many issue with the house and i can t afford to fix them those are just a few none of the paperwork wa filed by my ex either so although it s mine according to the decree it s still listed a legally his i pay a mortgage in his name i can t afford to change thing with a lawyer i make so little money i can t keep my head above water to even keep our basic need met and even though it cost too much my mortgage is still cheaper than the cheapest bedroom apartment anywhere near me i cant sell it because it in his name anyway my ex is no longer in our life i m trying to find a job that pay a decent wage but i have no college degree i need to make at least k to be able to make it and i ve applied at literally hundred of place with nothing but scam replying positively my relevant work experience is over year ago and my current job ha literally zero room to grow or increase income i hate my job my kid are mostly grown but still live at home my daughter is in college she took out loan and scholarship my oldest ha his own mental issue that prevent him getting a job my youngest is in high school i ve filed for forbearance and now am thousand behind on the house we are of the brink of losing everything if i can t pay it all back because the loan can t be modified since it in his name and i can t refinance without an up to date loan within the next few month we are facing possible homelessness in the last couple year i met a guy who i am close to although we are long distance i fell for him hard and he encouraged me in my feeling but ended up basically leading me on i got my heart broken again i hadn t thought i could care for someone again after all i had been through but being burned again especially from this man ha left me with ash instead of a heart yet i can t turn off how badly i just want to be loved and how much i care for him he s still in my life a a friend but it s painful my heart is just so far beyond simply broken i don t think i can ever recover after all i ve been through it seems like almost every day something else go wrong thing break at my house not small thing major one today it wa my daughter s laptop that she need for school and me losing my next to last pair of contact that i can t afford to buy more of just when it seems like thing might not improve but at least be okay something else happens that knock u down even further i m working job but we are bleeding money so badly i can t keep up and i am just so tired of trying to exist i hate my life the only reason i haven t killed myself is because of my kid i love them more than anything and i feel so awful for feeling this way when i know how much they love me and how i love them i m terrified of slipping back into self harm i cant cope i m in excruciating emotional pain and the stress is overwhelming i have panic attack i can t sleep i ve had to stop buying my medication because my daughter need it more my son could use mental help but i cant afford it i just need to vent to scream that i am not okay that i can t make it i m so tired so tired and i just want it all to stop i just want the nightmare of my life to end there is no more light to be found the light at the end of the tunnel really is a freight train in my experience i am broken lonely unhappy in complete despair and i feel worse than beat down i feel like roadkill like im crushed and lifeless and not even reconizable a something that wa once alive and yet still the tire come to grind me deeper into the pavement endlessly i feel worthless unlovable hopeless oddly enough i still volunteer at church but even though i still go and serve there i don t believe any of it anymore because my life ha been so bad for so long and it just keep getting worse and worse not for day or week or even month or year literal decade of trauma a lifetime of it and still it get worse i dont know how to keep going every day it s harder and harder i ll probably delete this because i already feel so exposed but i just needed to try to get it out i just want it to stop i just want it all to stop
i grew up in suburban tennessee, in a borderline fundamentalist christian community. my childhood was extremely comfortable, happy, and sheltered. i love my parents, they are genuinely caring, funny, enjoyable people. i never really acted out and i always did well in school. never once did i fear for my future or worry about what was going to happen to me in adulthood. when i was a senior in high school, i started to act out. i had a disrespectful, rude boyfriend. looking back, i fully understand why my parents did not like him, but he was my first boyfriend and teenage me was blinded by how much i loved him. while we were dating, a tried weed and we had s x, but like most normal teenagers i kept this from my parents. one day, my dad happened upon a fairly explicit text from him, and i was told to immediately stop dating him. i refused. this continued repeatedly throughout my senior year, with threats to not send me off to college and constant yelling crying matched between them and i about why god disapproves of me and why it was hurting them so much that i was s xually active. i eventually lied to them and told them i broke up with my boyfriend. the summer between senior year and college, i saw him secretly all the time. i was constantly lying. it felt horrible, but i was so dumb and in love i did it anyway. i regret this time in my life a lot. i went off to college somewhere far away majored in music and even then my dad was reading my texts. he read one about me going to smoke weed with some friends, and immediately cut me off. i started to strongly believe i needed to be independent. i never asked for help from my parents. i got a job and worked almost everyday between classes my entire freshman year. i paid for everything but my tuition. although i was proud of myself for this at the time, it started a pattern that i could not reverse. it felt like i could not tell my parents anything for fear of losing them and losing the only real support system i had. i would not give them intimate details about my life anymore. i would not tell them when i was sad. i would not tell them when i would go to the doctor. i would not tell them when i got a diagnosis. i would not tell them if i was going to therapy. i only ever told them the positives. i would tell them if i would achieved something, or just had a normal , happy day. this worked for me for a long time. during college, i worked enough that i never had to ask for anything. i had my moments of sadness or worry, but i was happy knowing my life was stable. i broke up with my deadbeat boyfriend eventually, which was for the best, and suddenly my parents were proud of me again. the summer between my sophomore and junior years age 20 , i stayed with my parents and interned at a music company. i had a rough summer because i started randomly hooking up with guys which was not my thing and i had to get my appendix removed which brought on several complications. my parents knew i was up to something all the time and started treating me coldly again. the withdrew their normal , funny, friendly selves and barely interacted with me. by this time i was tired of arguing with them, so i just did not confront them about it. but even so, they enforced an 11 o clock curfew on me, and still occasionally bemoaned that i was not a christian. this perpetuated the belief i already held, which was that my parents' hospitality towards me was conditional. it relied on me conforming to their idea of me. when i went back to school in the fall, the distance made things better. i started dating my current boyfriend, who i obviously could sleep with and hang out with and do anything with without my parents knowing, so they were in the dark, and perfectly happy about our relationship. my junior was incredibly happy. i had a boyfriend i loved, and my parents treated me like they were proud of me. senior year came along and i began to consider my life after graduation. my boyfriend and i planned to move in together with a few of our friends as well. we were going to move to la. this idea settled in the back of my mind during school, and then became the focus when i graduated. i came back to my parents' house this summer i am 22 and i graduated in may and the plan is to leave for los angeles at the end of july. i have been applying for jobs constantly. incessantly. i wanted so badly to get a job before i told my parents i was moving in with my boyfriend. i have worked day in and day out and i have not received a single email back. i understand this is how the music industry is, but my fear of moving out there and having no help from my parents at all because they do not believe in living with someone before you are married is enormous. my dad once told me that if i moved in with a boyfriend i better be able to completely support myself because i could not expect any help from him. i am exhausted by the amount of work i have done at this point, and completely emotionally drained by the fact that i have no acceptances or denials, just radio silence. i have become so obsessive and stressed about it that my entire brain is consumed. i cannot be distracted. i cannot even sleep well. i am a gigantic disappointment to myself, even though i know the industry i am trying to get into has very high barriers to entry. i have never in my life had no job, no school, and no purpose. my parents still treat me differently because i am not a christian. i do not go to church with them because of a particular incident where i ran out crying because the sermon was about homosexuality and sex before marriage . my mom barely talks to me on these days. i have stopped exercising and eating healthily completely. i am on my phone an ungodly amount. i cry everyday and spend the other parts either applying to jobs or laying in bed looking at meaningless crap on instagram. i have an extremely low tolerance for stress now. i can become debilitatingly anxious at the drop of a pin. i do not think i am the same person to my friends or my boyfriend. i am not as funny or lighthearted, i am really easily socially exhausted. i just want to be better. i want to be kind to people and be a great friend and a great girlfriend. i really desperately want a close relationship with my family, but i am so scared of losing them if i am too honest. i cannot tell how much of my depression is situational and how much of it is something more chronic... and i cannot tell which option i should attempt to remedy first. thanks for listening if you are reading this, and i am sorry it was so long. help me
i want to make some things clear first. english is not my native language i am not from english speaking country so i apologise if you find harsh mistakes in my post or if i mention something inappropriate for this particular community or in general if it is something really important please let me know and i will fix it . also, my username was suggested by reddit.as it says in the title, i am a 21 years old male. i have been living with my grandparents basically since i was born. the desicion that i would live with them instead of my mother was obviously made when i was not really conscious about it. i still have my mother but i do not want to live with her and she does not express a will for that either, not that i would take this offer. i do not even want to talk with this person.with these things said, i am moving to the problems i have. now i will mention the ones that, while still affecting me in a negative matter, i do not see as primary but rather as secondary. saying that i mean that i can live with them or even try to deal with them in my future by myself. they are here just for a bigger picture, not much else.1. i 100 have extreme social anxiety. this is why i was not able to continue my study in university. well, not only this, actually, but also because it was not free and also i did not see any perspectives with my anxiety working a job that would require any social interaction, which means any job outside of the internet. i found a way around it, so this is dealt with. i just have to study for it and i should have some possible income in future working online.2. i have zero friends. like, absolutely no one, even online. it makes things harder, but i learned to accept it, and now i think i do not even need them. but that is why i am writing my problems here.3. i do not think a therapist will help me. as i continue, i think you will understand why i think like that.and moving on, here is the primary problem i would like to receive an advice on i am afraid that i have to live with my grandparents for the rest of their lives. i am the only person living with them right now, and all the people from my family have their own little 'families'. the reason because i think they would not be able to normal ly live on on their own is because of their problems. my grandfather drinks alcohol every month for 1 2 weeks straight and of course this causes stress for the whole family but no one is able to fix it , mostly for my grandmother. she has a form of cancer, having which life can be sustained mostly without the need of hospitalisation, though she still needs to be in a hospital every 3 4 weeks for a week. you could notice the similarity between times when my grandfather drinks and my grandmother goes to hospital, but i have to tell you these facts do not have much to do with each other, he was drinking all the time before my grandmother was revealed to have cancer anyways. well, hearing all that, i do not seem to be a good person, right? like, being raised by my grandparents and not wanting to express some gratitude? yes, and i do not feel like i am a good person either. i do not want to blame everything on the others, my fault is also big here.i did not have a bad childhood. neither a good one. i do not remember much of it, even being only three years out of it. but there is not a single good thing i remember from it, only bad and embarassing things. my grandparents did not make a normal attempt at trying to raise me, i feel like i was raised by myself. just providing me with food and roof until i magically become an adult. and i did not ask them for anything either, i did not even have a smartphone before i entered university when it became a nessecity. graduating from school, i thought i would kill myself, but i did not. it was more than a thought and a little less than an attempt. did not have the bravery. thinking back on that, it was pretty comforting, not trying to improve anything in your life, thinking you would be dead anyways when life strikes you with the need to become a socially acceptable person.yes, i am an egoist. i want to live by myself, for myself, alone. in a crappy apartment, with no real life contacts, working online and only going outside to buy food. i would even be fine if i had to give 50 of my income to my family if the other 50 can pay me for rent and food. i am sure i would be happy this way. what, is there no place for egoists in our society? do i have to live the same crappy life all my damn family is living? or is this just me being depressed about my life, who does not understand other people, who are not depressed. like, what these people are living for?the moment that made me write this post happened a couple of days ago. my grandmother knocked on my door and said that she was screaming my name several times and that she did not feel well and needed me to bring her water. i think i was listeting to music that moment, not really loud i can understand now why i am not listeting to music at higher volume, it is the moments like this . and my grandfather was unconsious from all the fucking alcohol at the time. the only thing i said to her was that i would hear her if she was screaming. this was literally the first time she was feeling like that in several months. i feel like i do not have a single minute to relax, i am always stressed because something like this can happen and i always can be interrupted even if it is not shit like that. like, i feel that if i just tell everyone to fuck off and let me study in peace, i would have much more motivation to actually study and not stare into the fucking screen waiting for something to happen. but i cannot do that. i did not make an impression of being such a person. i act like i am fine and everything is fine. not that someone actually cares if i am fine or not.you think if i am saying all that i actually did consider asking them if i can move out in future or not. i did not. i am afraid to. but i think that they will that i can. what will happen then? currently i am the only helping my grandmother in our huge fucking garden and i did a lot of work there by myself. her health is progressively worsening, and my grandfather continues to drink alcohol. so the things are going to get even worse without me being around.i would love to be a person who would say 'fuck all of that'. can i be that person? what should i do? i ask these questions mostly to myself, but if you read that far into my post i would be happy to hear your opinion or advice on my situation. thanks. 21m and need an advice
i want to make some things clear first. english is not my native language i am not from english speaking country so i apologise if you find harsh mistakes in my post or if i mention something inappropriate for this particular community or in general if it is something really important please let me know and i will fix it . also, my username was suggested by reddit.as it says in the title, i am a 21 years old male. i have been living with my grandparents basically since i was born. the desicion that i would live with them instead of my mother was obviously made when i was not really conscious about it. i still have my mother but i do not want to live with her and she does not express a will for that either, not that i would take this offer. i do not even want to talk with this person.with these things said, i am moving to the problems i have. now i will mention the ones that, while still affecting me in a negative matter, i do not see as primary but rather as secondary. saying that i mean that i can live with them or even try to deal with them in my future by myself. they are here just for a bigger picture, not much else.1. i 100 have extreme social anxiety. this is why i was not able to continue my study in university. well, not only this, actually, but also because it was not free and also i did not see any perspectives with my anxiety working a job that would require any social interaction, which means any job outside of the internet. i found a way around it, so this is dealt with. i just have to study for it and i should have some possible income in future working online.2. i have zero friends. like, absolutely no one, even online. it makes things harder, but i learned to accept it, and now i think i do not even need them. but that is why i am writing my problems here.3. i do not think a therapist will help me. as i continue, i think you will understand why i think like that.and moving on, here is the primary problem i would like to receive an advice on i am afraid that i have to live with my grandparents for the rest of their lives. i am the only person living with them right now, and all the people from my family have their own little 'families'. the reason because i think they would not be able to normally live on on their own is because of their problems. my grandfather drinks alcohol every month for 1 2 weeks straight and of course this causes stress for the whole family but no one is able to fix it , mostly for my grandmother. she has a form of cancer, having which life can be sustained mostly without the need of hospitalisation, though she still needs to be in a hospital every 3 4 weeks for a week. you could notice the similarity between times when my grandfather drinks and my grandmother goes to hospital, but i have to tell you these facts do not have much to do with each other, he was drinking all the time before my grandmother was revealed to have cancer anyways. well, hearing all that, i do not seem to be a good person, right? like, being raised by my grandparents and not wanting to express some gratitude? yes, and i do not feel like i am a good person either. i do not want to blame everything on the others, my fault is also big here.i did not have a bad childhood. neither a good one. i do not remember much of it, even being only three years out of it. but there is not a single good thing i remember from it, only bad and embarassing things. my grandparents did not make a normal attempt at trying to raise me, i feel like i was raised by myself. just providing me with food and roof until i magically become an adult. and i did not ask them for anything either, i did not even have a smartphone before i entered university when it became a nessecity. graduating from school, i thought i would kill myself, but i did not. it was more than a thought and a little less than an attempt. did not have the bravery. thinking back on that, it was pretty comforting, not trying to improve anything in your life, thinking you would be dead anyways when life strikes you with the need to become a socially acceptable person.yes, i am an egoist. i want to live by myself, for myself, alone. in a crappy apartment, with no real life contacts, working online and only going outside to buy food. i would even be fine if i had to give 50 of my income to my family if the other 50 can pay me for rent and food. i am sure i would be happy this way. what, is there no place for egoists in our society? do i have to live the same crappy life all my damn family is living? or is this just me being depressed about my life, who does not understand other people, who are not depressed. like, what these people are living for?the moment that made me write this post happened a couple of days ago. my grandmother knocked on my door and said that she was screaming my name several times and that she did not feel well and needed me to bring her water. i think i was listeting to music that moment, not really loud i can understand now why i am not listeting to music at higher volume, it is the moments like this . and my grandfather was unconsious from all the fucking alcohol at the time. the only thing i said to her was that i would hear her if she was screaming. this was literally the first time she was feeling like that in several months. i feel like i do not have a single minute to relax, i am always stressed because something like this can happen and i always can be interrupted even if it is not shit like that. like, i feel that if i just tell everyone to fuck off and let me study in peace, i would have much more motivation to actually study and not stare into the fucking screen waiting for something to happen. but i cannot do that. i did not make an impression of being such a person. i act like i am fine and everything is fine. not that someone actually cares if i am fine or not.you think if i am saying all that i actually did consider asking them if i can move out in future or not. i did not. i am afraid to. but i think that they will that i can. what will happen then? currently i am the only helping my grandmother in our huge fucking garden and i did a lot of work there by myself. her health is progressively worsening, and my grandfather continues to drink alcohol. so the things are going to get even worse without me being around.i would love to be a person who would say 'fuck all of that'. can i be that person? what should i do? i ask these questions mostly to myself, but if you read that far into my post i would be happy to hear your opinion or advice on my situation. thanks. 21m and need an advice
i grew up in suburban tennessee, in a borderline fundamentalist christian community. my childhood was extremely comfortable, happy, and sheltered. i love my parents, they are genuinely caring, funny, enjoyable people. i never really acted out and i always did well in school. never once did i fear for my future or worry about what was going to happen to me in adulthood. when i was a senior in high school, i started to act out. i had a disrespectful, rude boyfriend. looking back, i fully understand why my parents did not like him, but he was my first boyfriend and teenage me was blinded by how much i loved him. while we were dating, a tried weed and we had s x, but like most normal teenagers i kept this from my parents. one day, my dad happened upon a fairly explicit text from him, and i was told to immediately stop dating him. i refused. this continued repeatedly throughout my senior year, with threats to not send me off to college and constant yelling crying matched between them and i about why god disapproves of me and why it was hurting them so much that i was s xually active. i eventually lied to them and told them i broke up with my boyfriend. the summer between senior year and college, i saw him secretly all the time. i was constantly lying. it felt horrible, but i was so dumb and in love i did it anyway. i regret this time in my life a lot. i went off to college somewhere far away majored in music and even then my dad was reading my texts. he read one about me going to smoke weed with some friends, and immediately cut me off. i started to strongly believe i needed to be independent. i never asked for help from my parents. i got a job and worked almost everyday between classes my entire freshman year. i paid for everything but my tuition. although i was proud of myself for this at the time, it started a pattern that i could not reverse. it felt like i could not tell my parents anything for fear of losing them and losing the only real support system i had. i would not give them intimate details about my life anymore. i would not tell them when i was sad. i would not tell them when i would go to the doctor. i would not tell them when i got a diagnosis. i would not tell them if i was going to therapy. i only ever told them the positives. i would tell them if i would achieved something, or just had a normal, happy day. this worked for me for a long time. during college, i worked enough that i never had to ask for anything. i had my moments of sadness or worry, but i was happy knowing my life was stable. i broke up with my deadbeat boyfriend eventually, which was for the best, and suddenly my parents were proud of me again. the summer between my sophomore and junior years age 20 , i stayed with my parents and interned at a music company. i had a rough summer because i started randomly hooking up with guys which was not my thing and i had to get my appendix removed which brought on several complications. my parents knew i was up to something all the time and started treating me coldly again. the withdrew their normal, funny, friendly selves and barely interacted with me. by this time i was tired of arguing with them, so i just did not confront them about it. but even so, they enforced an 11 o clock curfew on me, and still occasionally bemoaned that i was not a christian. this perpetuated the belief i already held, which was that my parents' hospitality towards me was conditional. it relied on me conforming to their idea of me. when i went back to school in the fall, the distance made things better. i started dating my current boyfriend, who i obviously could sleep with and hang out with and do anything with without my parents knowing, so they were in the dark, and perfectly happy about our relationship. my junior was incredibly happy. i had a boyfriend i loved, and my parents treated me like they were proud of me. senior year came along and i began to consider my life after graduation. my boyfriend and i planned to move in together with a few of our friends as well. we were going to move to la. this idea settled in the back of my mind during school, and then became the focus when i graduated. i came back to my parents' house this summer i am 22 and i graduated in may and the plan is to leave for los angeles at the end of july. i have been applying for jobs constantly. incessantly. i wanted so badly to get a job before i told my parents i was moving in with my boyfriend. i have worked day in and day out and i have not received a single email back. i understand this is how the music industry is, but my fear of moving out there and having no help from my parents at all because they do not believe in living with someone before you are married is enormous. my dad once told me that if i moved in with a boyfriend i better be able to completely support myself because i could not expect any help from him. i am exhausted by the amount of work i have done at this point, and completely emotionally drained by the fact that i have no acceptances or denials, just radio silence. i have become so obsessive and stressed about it that my entire brain is consumed. i cannot be distracted. i cannot even sleep well. i am a gigantic disappointment to myself, even though i know the industry i am trying to get into has very high barriers to entry. i have never in my life had no job, no school, and no purpose. my parents still treat me differently because i am not a christian. i do not go to church with them because of a particular incident where i ran out crying because the sermon was about homosexuality and sex before marriage . my mom barely talks to me on these days. i have stopped exercising and eating healthily completely. i am on my phone an ungodly amount. i cry everyday and spend the other parts either applying to jobs or laying in bed looking at meaningless crap on instagram. i have an extremely low tolerance for stress now. i can become debilitatingly anxious at the drop of a pin. i do not think i am the same person to my friends or my boyfriend. i am not as funny or lighthearted, i am really easily socially exhausted. i just want to be better. i want to be kind to people and be a great friend and a great girlfriend. i really desperately want a close relationship with my family, but i am so scared of losing them if i am too honest. i cannot tell how much of my depression is situational and how much of it is something more chronic... and i cannot tell which option i should attempt to remedy first. thanks for listening if you are reading this, and i am sorry it was so long. help me
so i ve been browsing this sub for a while don t have much to do today so i figured i might a well vent on here i guess to introduce myself i m currently and just recently left the active duty army to attend college on an rotc scholarship about month ago prior to that i wa deployed to afghanistan for about 0 month it s almost hard to even recall the person i used to be back then i wa so mentally strong and confident in myself and my purpose ironically despite working hour day seven day a week under constant threat of getting blown up i can t remember a time when i wa better off mentally like nothing in the world could stop me a i had a plan and wa going to stick with it and if i did end up getting murked i wa just fine with that too i stayed pretty safe for the most part although i did have a pretty close call with a rocket that landed in a ditch on the hill below the building i worked in it obviously scared the ever living fuck out of me and everyone else but after like 0 minute we were all laughing about how close that one wa and how if only the stupid guy had aimed higher he would have got u the whole affair really only strengthened my resolve and made the return home that much better getting back to the state wa probably the best moment of my life even if it wa right in the middle of covid lol i don t want to sound like i m trying to flex my great strength or anything i m just trying to describe who i wa then to who am i now a they aren t even remotely the same person problem started to arise for me around month after getting back after the novelty of being back home wore off i started to experience this weird sense of dissociation and depressive episode that would sometimes last for an hour to a day and then i would suddenly snap back to what i considered a normal state of mind these normally entailed feeling of hopelessness and dread like something in my head just wasn t ticking right and when it came to social situation it wa like i wa operating on a different frequency than everyone else like i could hear and understand them but there wa no emotion behind the word it wa distracting but manageable at that point and i just chalked it up to being burned out at work and figured once i got off active duty and into college thing would greatly improve fast forward to the first semester of college and unfortunately thing have not gone a i imagined in term of school and finance i m doing fine and everything is going according to plan externally but internally i seem to be slowly degrading bit by bit the depressive episode became more intense to the point where i would physically lock up tighten my muscle grind my teeth and it feel like my head is throbbing from all the negative thought it is nearly impossible to sleep in this state thanks to the extreme anxiety but then i would wake up the next morning and feel fine barely being able to remember how i felt the night before the cycle never stopped though and then the thought of well if you just ended it this wouldn t be a problem anymore started to kick in and that s when it really started to snowball downhill fast at this point in time it feel like i m in this depressive state nearly all the time it s only a matter of how bad it s going to be today the dissociative feeling have been cranked up to and conversation just feel like emotionless formality i can no longer connect with friend and family the way i used to like i said earlier it s like we re not on the same frequency if that make any sense the thought of suicide are ever present and feel like a big red emergency eject button begging to be pressed the only escape from these feeling are partying drug and alcohol which are great temporarily but eventually everyone go back to their life you sober up and reality slap you in the face even harder than it did last time i ve also developed a very odd fear of human intimacy that i really can t explain for instance i m a virgin which is a huge insecurity of mine and pretty embarrassing i know i always figured when i m in college i ll meet plenty of woman so there s no need to be insecure about it however i ve had several instance where woman have come onto me and i m totally comfortable with the conversation and flirty talk but once it get physical even just them grabbing me it trigger this instant fear and panic response and i make up an excuse and leave in a manic state then beat myself up for the next week about how much of a pussy i am this is honestly one of the major contributor to my broken self image a couple of week ago i randomly started bawling in my car for over an hour and honestly don t even remember why i m not eating much anymore maybe only like one meal a day and my cognitive performance motivation ha declined significantly my sleep schedule is a total mess i ll either sleep for hour and wake up from nightmare in cold sweat or sleep for and not want to get out of bed and face reality what really prompted me to post this though wa that last week i got really drunk and ended up putting a gun to my head without even thinking about it and then i realized what i wa doing that s when i kind of told myself holy shit man this is real and something is very wrong with you i need some kind of help i know but if i m diagnosed with any kind of mental health condition i ll lose my scholarship and i ve just worked too damn hard for it i ve openly told some of my close friend and family directly that i m having suicidal thought but the response is always oh c mon man your way too strong for that or you re just in a slump right now it ll pas a much a i appreciate having people who care for me and appreciate the sentiment it doesn t do much to alleviate anything i feel like i wa never meant to live this long and that that rocket wa supposed to kill me that day but i m living in some kind of an alternate reality where i survived and nothing make sense anymore at least then i could have died strong and confident rather than broken i had a friend who wa killed over there and honestly i wish i could trade place with him he deserves this life more than i do sorry i turned this into an essay but it feel good to get this out of my head for once if you read this long i hope you can relate or at least get something out of it and thank you finally i ll leave you with a song i ve been listening to on repeat for the past week lmao http www youtube com watch v ksjrcczo
venting. this is long, sorry. feel free to downvote. i am used to everyone hating me and i usually get downvoted all over reddit too whenever i make a post, even when i go to an advice sub to actually ask for advice. i am just getting treated like shit wherever i go. it is fine. and no, i do not jerk off all day and i do go out. actually i do not jerk off at all. yes, people on here claimed that that was my problem without knowing me and without me saying anything of the like. ''it is your mindset, that is what keeps people from befriending falling in love with you'' yeah, right. that is why abusive men who just know how to act normal in front of others get to have beautiful, normal , lovely women by their side who are unable to break up because the guy made her seriously love him. these kinds of people have the most fucking insecure mindset you could imagine but because they are just so good at dealing with people by nature without having to practice the tiniest fucking bit everyone wants to suck their cocks. ''you just have not found the right people yet'' i am fucking 24. twenty four. the older you get the harder it gets. stop dismissing everything for fucks sake!!!! how much longer until i find ''the right people''?if you assume that everyone most people are shit, you are told it is your fault for being alone because you think of others that way, if you do not, people tell you all the people you have met were just shit. what the fuck?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? fuck what the fuck is this shitand every fucking time i tell this to people both of the above they shut the fuck up because they realise that i am right, but at the same time they will not admit it because they subconsciously seem to believe that admitting these things makes their lives pointless and they want to kill themselves. worst case, because they are out of arguments, they just say ''you are wrong. you are just depressed. it is your depression talking.'' or they even get angry xdddddddddddddddddddddddddddd ''you are your own best friend'' have fun getting a good job from yourself. have fun having sex with yourself. have fun talking to yourself. have fun living 90 years of your stupid live and dying all alone by yourself. ''you are not being kind to yourself. just because someone rejected your friendship does not mean that there is anything wrong with you.'' yeah, be kind to yourself for being absolute dog shit at everything you do, even when you do it for 8 hours a day for 12 years of your life. be kind to yourself for breaking your wardrobe out of anger. a couple of doors. a window. be kind to yourself for being snappy with the few friends you had and treating them badly no i do not do it anymore, people still fucking hate me, yes that means i have improved but it does not mean anything to other people apparently, and let us not act like it is a giant achievement anyway . be kind to yourself for being so incredibly socially awkward with people that they automatically assume you are a rapist serial killer werewolf. be kind to yourself and every one of your problems will magically go away. it is just like just believing in yourself that you are going to pass the exam tomorrow without having studied for it at all, or having studied for 5 days straight without understanding a single thing because you are too stupid.it is all bullshit. what these people do not understand is that having a ''positive mindset'' only works if you actually have something to show for. i cannot be happy by being ignorant of what i am. ''i am just trying to help'' how incredibly self less of you. are you? or are you just telling yourself that so you can think that you are much greater than you already think you are? this is a classic defensive reaction when people realise that what they just said is incredibly dismissive and mean.some of these people even claim they have depression and at the same time call suicidal people selfish or ''more selfish'', my enw favourite .people are so unable to see life through someone else's lens it is fucking disgusting. you talk and talk. you seriously believe just because your life is perfect and you get everything you want means that everyone can do it and they are just not trying hard enough. fuck you! just because you are happy being alone does not mean that everyone can be. just because you are happy with never being loved does not mean that everyone can feel the same. just because you do not care that you are horrendously shit at conversation does not mean that everyone can accept it. just because you are fine with being unfuckable does not mean everyone likes being it. stop being so fucking arrogant and ignorant. admitting these things does not mean that you are shit and that you should kill yourself. if you can deal with it, good fucking job! no, seriously, i am glad that you are fine with yourself. but also seriously, get over yourself and stop fucking dismissing people's problems and suffering. it is so infuriating.yeah i would kill myself if i could, but i cannot. i literally cannot get anything right in my life. i am too afraid to die. i just want to stop suffering. i am so sick and tired of not belonging anywhere. i am so sick and tired of being the universe's laughing stock. i am so sick and tired of being my parent's toy. i am so sick and tired of being shit at everything i do no matter how hard i study or practice. it is completely fucking hopeless.i just do not improve.i talked to so many people i did not know at all and my ''socilaoiaill sk illzzz''just never get fucking better. i cannot improve. i cannot do anything by myself. it is pointless.i will just get drunk again. i finally know why my mother keeps doing it. felt good the first time around and i might as well just do what my parents are doing. second time i did not feel super happy like before but i also barely suffered because it numbs you nicely. it is not like anyone gives a shit. after all it is all just in my head right? nothing is real. all of this must be a simulation... there is no other way... i cannot get the help i need and nobody, truly, gives a shit. my problems are just getting dismissed by everyone and i am led to believe that all the problems i am facing are hallucinations facilitated by my depression and it is driving me insane. why is everyone trying to destroy me?
i feel so sad and lonely so i am a student at a university now i am an international student and i came to this country last year i am kind of shy and always chose to keep the feeling to myself than speak out there wa one girl in my class that i liked she wa smart and intelligent rather than anything romantic i thought we could be friend but i did not approach her till the end of the semester on one of the final day i wa like i can t always be scared to express so i went upto her and asked her contact detail we talked a bit and she asked if i wan na go for a movie we went the next week and it wa fun it wa a good to have a friend in a foreign country we went out a few time after that a well then she had covid and i tried to give her some advice and said that i wa stifling her even though i had just told her to take care of herself the next day she said that she ha issue that she need to sort out and want space being a friend i didn t understand what issue or what did i do but i did not message her a week later she message me back in a good mood and say that let s watch something and we watch a movie at her home i cook for her at her place and i think she enjoyed a well she doe some painting and showed me those so i asked are these just for you and then she said that she shared it on instagram by her pseudonym and feel good when her internet friend appreciate it i did not read too much into what internet friend meant day later i wa scrolling through instagram when it occurred to me to look her painting up so i searched her pseudonym and found that it wa a public profile and saw that she had posted a painting i like it so i messaged her on whatsapp where we usually chatted that hey i saw your painting and what i liked about it something flipped her off and she said that her internet persona is different than the real life persona and what i did wa a big mistake and she doe not want to talk anymore i wa like i did not about this internet persona thing and you had said you shared it with your friend but if it is that big an issue i am sorry and will not look at your painting and then she wa so rude she said that it wa the last chance she gave me but me explaining why i looked wa too much i did not respond anything a i wa so hurt i did not even do anything bad or something to intentionally hurt her i did not message her anything for week i did not look at her whatsapp i just tried to forget her around day ago in a moment of weakness i searched her name and see that she ha blocked me on whatsapp i didn t even do anything after she said all that i got very depressed and wrote her a long message on text this wa the message hello please read this that is my only request yesterday i had tried to message you on whatsapp asking how you were and saw that you have blocked me you can block me here and everywhere else a well after this i just want you to read what wa in my mind when we were talking from the day we had started talking i do not know what all bad thing you think about me but atleast from my side i had always wanted to be a good friend and never had any bad thought i had fun on each of our meeting i have been continuously thinking for the last month what did i do wrong a you never told me and just shut me off maybe these were the reason i don t even know i can t even think properly i thought that we were very alike i honestly thought we could be good friend two introvert who want to be better at their craft and helping each other out through tough school again i do not know what all notion you had about my intention but i did not want to be more than friend if you ever felt that way i am a new guy in this country there are many thing i have not even understood here having a relationship or a girlfriend is the last thing on my mind i don t even have friend here to share stuff so i never wanted anything more than just being friend who could help each other whenever they needed or share thing about life course maybe take some advice on what to do in certain aspect of life thing that normal friend do and maybe i wa selfish to have looked for that friend in you you had said that i did not deserve to be a friend the last time we talked there ha not been a day when i did not think what did i do wrong that i am not even worth a friendship i think that i had probably messaged you more than what you wanted a a friend i don t know you never told me that i thought everything wa normal whenever something came to my mind or i watched some video that i liked on youtube i used to send it to you i think i should not have done that and maybe you didn t like that i just did that because i wanted to share thing with you that i admired so that those thing may bring happiness to you a well the other reason wa that i looked at your painting on instagram i am sorry that i looked at your instagram profile to appreciate your painting i did not have any wrong intention i wa just curious and had thought you would like it a you had said that you like it when your friend appreciate your art i wa not aware of internet persona being different from real life persona i am not a bad person i just wanted to be a friend and someone you could trust i am not writing this to you for any response or for being friend because i don t think i have any respect in your eye and i have lost much of my self respect in my own eye after how many time i have tried to apologize honestly for last week i didn t even look for you on whatsapp a it wa soul crushing to read how you had said that i blew the chance of being a friend and i think it is best that you do not respond to me a i can not feel more pathetic and worse about myself trying to mend the bridge which never even existed i just want to say that i am sorry if i ever hurt you or made you feel bad i always wanted to be good and make you happy a a friend i never had any malice or any bad intention i never wanted to be someone who you despise this much i am just sorry and i will be really grateful if you could just let me know what i did i texted her this and and then she texted back don t say if own up to your mistake and now she will block me in text a well i am not even sure what i did and i feel depressed lonely and sad i have never felt like this
originally posted on the r suboxone, i thought it might be more appropriate here. but peeps, kindly let me know where it should go. anywayjust wondering if anyone is in the sameboat. my story of addiction is a short one compared to many but this post is long so ill provide a concise tldr at the end. my mother who i was extremely close to and saw every single day, even when i lived by myself died suddenly in her sleep a week after my 27th birthday. as you can imagine, the word devastated does not do it justice. i already had been battling depression since i was a little girl, never without any relief ssris, ndris, atypical, even ketamine infusions followed by sublingual ketamine drops. the only thing i have ever tried is an maoi . they finally put me on adderall for several years for treatment resistant depression. it got me out of bed, made it so i could hold down a job, but if i chose not to take it for a day? id spend the day in a blacked out room, leaving the bed and seeing the light as little as possible. the adderall made me feel horrible physically, moody, reckless but i was worthless otherwise. my mom was the only one in my family who ever knew any of this and knew that i was always a much, much different kind of little girl. it was s problem her and i tried to solve together but never could. i am the youngest of three. a sister 12 years my senior and a brother 9 years my senior. they both chose to never do anything significant with their lives. my sister was always a waitress and my brother was a bartender. i was the only one who attended university and built a career as a writer despite this poorly written post . its actually very abnormal because my family moved here from israel when i was still very young because of the better schools. most jewish families take education very seriously but my siblings always had zero confidence, ambition, or passion. and my parents were not the type to push. in hindsight, they are like my father. my father retired in his 50s and my mother supported everything and everyone. she still paid my siblings phone bills even though they were nearing 40, lent money to whoever needed it. and and i am sure the financial stress she was under contributed to her early death. when she died, the bills and debt did not stop and someone had to take over. i was the only realistic person to take over and i did. but i was overcome with such incomprehensible depression and grief, i just could not work. and i could not lose my 75k a year job when i suddenly had a family to support. my sister was unemployed at the time and stayed that way for a year and a half following my moms death despite the obvious pressure i was under. my brother had recently had a baby a year ago so that was his excuse but he would not have helped regardless.to get to the point, i started getting prescribed oxy 30s by a doctor who ruined my adolescence and is now no longer allowed to practice. he prescribed them to me for carpal tunnel and they numbed me and made me capable of working. i knew i was making the choice to become addicted. i knew id have to face it eventually, and about 10 months later after losing 15 pounds i was less than 130 to start with and when id gotten to the point where i was spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars on more pills, i overdosed after taking 90mg of oxy and 30mg of adderall. well i had a seizure, i do not know if that is technically an od. it happened in our driveway and when i came out of it, my father screamed at me for hours, saying things that ill never fully get over. a month or so later i was prescribed buprenorphine. at first i thought i felt good because i was not going through withdrawals constantly while stressing about finding my next pill but buprenorphine totally changed my life. i felt like a normal person for the first time in my entire life. i was still more of a depressive than your average 20 something girl, still an introvert but i cleaned things, kept my space tidy and organized, i got promotions and raises at work, i had healthier interpersonal relationships, i went to the gym for nearly two hours every day for a year and a half. two years after almost to the day of my momss death, i met the man i am nearly certain i will marry. he knows everything about me and has never once judged me. and for the first time, i know i can be a good partner who will not drag him down into my depression. hes also on prozac and is a bit of a depressive himself but it somehow makes us even closer. hes about 10 years older than me and his wisdom about sadness and depression really help me. and we just love each other in a very pure way. it feels right. i have read everything there is to read about buprenorphine and its use in depression. it breaks my heart that more people cannot access it for this reason and that as long as i take it, i will have the label of an opioid addict, something that reminds me of the darkest period in my life. i recently tried going off and trying wellbutrin instead. it was a horrible experience. during that 8 weeks i bought xanax and cocaine two things id never had any addiction to or interest in but felt i needed them to work and sleep . my boyfriend saw the change in me and really urged me to say fuck the stigma, i am going to take whatever pill makes me the best version of myselfwhen it comes down to it there are people like me out there. who knew from the time they were little kids that they were depressed. and they cannot find relief. at some point, although i have never personally had suicidal thoughts, i can see how people feel like giving up. maybe this post is better for the depression thread, i am not a reddit pro. just sharing my experience with a medication that turned me from a train wreck who never felt sober happiness to someone on the precipice of engagement who derives pleasure from painting and reading and running these are things are never thought were possible before buprenorphine. tl dr buprenorphine finally successfully relieved my treatment resistant major depression and has been a literal miracle for me personally even though it took going through hell to get here. after lifelong treatment resistant major depression, buprenorphine changed my life.
i am 25 years old. i have struggled with social anxiety, depression, disordered eating and gender dysphoria since i was 13. twelve years of suffering. this past year and a half the pandemic came along, of course, and destroyed any improvements i might have made prior to it even if some of those were admittedly a bit of a facade, me convincing myself and others i would improved because i am doing this good thing now and i am not doing that bad thing anymore . the pandemic has affected everyone in different ways i feel like it is effects for me have been multiple and some of then i am feeling far more now at the end of lockdown than i ever did during the height of lockdown.there is the enforced isolation, which has increased my social anxiety tenfold, to the point where the loosening of restrictions only means i am isolating even more because there is too many people outside and i cannot cope with them seeing me, looking at me, interacting with me, forming an opinion of me even a split second, meaningless judgement is terrifying. i know it is irrational, but social anxiety has this way of making the irrational fears so loud and intrusive that they can become self fulfilling. i can rationally say to myself, nobody cares, nobody's looking at you . then i take a 5 minute walk to the shop and have a panic attack due to being so overwhelmed with anxiety. well now everyone is looking at you, because you are staggering around hyperventilating clutching your chest like you are having a heart attack, you dumb shit. then there is all the time spent alone with my own thoughts, ruminating over every little thing i have ever said and done, punishing myself and berating myself for things i said without thinking back in normal times when face to face social interaction was a daily occurrence so i let my guard and filter down. i do not just mean cringey moments although i have plenty of those too , but cruel or thoughtless comments and actions which honestly just make me a terrible human being. then there is the doomscrolling. literally, on news websites etc. but also figuratively, in my own mind, which was arguably the master of spiralling into negative and pessimistic thoughts about the world long before doomscrolling was even a term. thinking about how we got here and where we are headed and how fucked up the world is. overpopulation and overconsumption and human selfishness and speciesism mean future pandemics and local and global travesties are only going to get more common. this is not the end , it is just the beginning. climate change is always on my mind, to some degree. i feel helpless and hopeless, i do not believe humanity will change enough or in time to save this planet. i do the things i can, but i am painfully aware i could be doing more and be more of an activist if i was less depressed and self pitying. i am also painfully aware that i could do everything in my power and it would not scratch the surface, so long as huge money obsessed corporations continue to because more destruction in a day than i could in a year, even if i did not bother to try at all. my gender dysphoria is worse because i was forced to sit with my thoughts and acknowledge it for what it really is and always has been. denial is not healthy, but it sure feels better sometimes than admitting an uncomfortable truth to yourself. and once you admit that truth? you have to fight tooth and nail to get the things required to finally feel comfortable in your own damn skin. i am lucky that coming out was relatively safe and painless for me in terms of others' reactions, and i am so grateful for that. but boy is it a lot of work having to repeatedly prove your identity to strangers, while constantly second guessing it yourself hello, imposter syndrome , only to be told everything is a 3 year wait and costs thousands. fill out this form and take this test and pay for this consultation and even then you are not our ideal candidate, so we will get back to you. it is exhausting and i have so little fight left in me. giving up means giving up any possibility that i will ever be happy but sometimes i still want to, just because i am tired of it. that last sentence was about my gender dysphoria, sure, but it is also how i feel about life as a whole. suicide is giving up. a dead person cannot be happy, but they cannot be miserable either. i am also in physical pain that i cannot get looked at by a medical professional because the doctors need photo id to update my name, which i do not have. my back and knees are a steady 3 10 when busy or distracted. 7 10 when i try to sleep, unless i am blackout drunk. 9 10 if i smoke weed, for some reason. everyone talks about weed helping with pain, but if i smoke i am damn near calling myself an ambulance just to get high strength painkillers because my back hurts so much. i feel fairly sure the physical pain is related to a sedentary lifestyle. i sit at work all day, then i sit and watch tv or go to bed early, i do not exercise because i am scared to go outside and besides i have no motivation. it cannot be good for me and i think my body is trying to tell me that. every time i try to end a post like this i think of something else, another reason i feel so suicidal. maybe i should focus on the positives? i am young, maybe not in tip top physical condition but probably fixable to a decent standard of health comfort with the right treatment and effort. i live in a wealthy country with access to everything i could ever need. i have a job, i am financially independent, i can make rent and pay for food and even luxuries. i have a family who love me especially my mum, who means everything to me . i could probably be fairly attractive if i worked out and took better care of myself. i am not unintelligent and i have some compassion, so i could probably do things to help people and better the world if i put more effort in. all of these positives just fill me with so much guilt. i do not deserve these benefits or opportunities, they are wasted on me. focusing on the positives makes me wish someone else could take my place and be in my position and make full use of it, so i could just be dead. i just want to kill myself. i just want to kill myself
this is a lot, and a long story, the past 3 months have been so hard and i do not know how to deal. this is a vent but also just trying to have someone understand what i have been through i guess. i have dealt with depression along with ocd and gad my entire life, i have self helped for a decade and started dealing with it more seriously 3 years ago going to therapy. life has taken a big turn in the past year and i am having trouble processing. obviously covid has been a big thing, lost my favourite job bartending at a music venue which was something i was super passionate about and loved. i made a big move to try and start fresh. i was having health issues and while not pinpointing what was wrong with me i was told i may be infertile, which was a lot. bought an amc and started working on it as a project while i was not working and that brought me joy. then while dealing with my health, found out i was pregnant. bam. was not sure what to do, and i just could not go through with a procedure, and although hopeful made sure i made the decision knowing i might be alone in doing it. my sister was extremely supportive. i found a good job, got promoted and found a new roommate who was super excited about living with a baby as my roommate at the time was not sure and that was totally fair. i did everything i could to secure our future. my roommates parents bought a place for rental income and investment, i painted 2 rooms 8 months pregnant because it was not freshly painted or new. made the place my own, set it up beautifully before baby was here. spent my savings on new furniture and everything the baby could need. everything was looking pretty bright, and then i started labour. it went on for 84 hours of active labour, i had absolutely terrible care in the hospital, my epidural failed, the first doctor dealing with me did not tell me anything or helped, and on the 83.5 hour a female obstetrician knew i would needed a c section long ago. it was so traumatic, and i am so happy he made it here healthy and happy. i hated being in the hospital and i left as soon as they let me, i was sleep deprived and not sane to leave, let alone physically capable after that surgery. when i got home i had no help, i could not move, and i felt so helpless. my new roommate left the place a mess while i was in the hospital and i was not okay. found out my mom relapsed for the first time in many many years after she did not come help me and left me alone in my bed crying for 8 hours, and acting very strange. my roommate ended up being a piece of shit, and told me to leave 2 weeks after my surgery where i could not walk because i was pushing myself cleaning up after her, and doing everything myself because she needed a break. i had to travel and push myself even further. my sister who was previously so supportive abandoned me. i was totally alone. when i came back home, my roommate put all this dangerous ant killer dust everywhere on every window sill, wall, ledge, and was spraying raid in the air like air freshener because of a few ants, that i never even saw. she would not clean it up even though it is dangerous to breathe in for an adult let alone a newborn. she then proceeded to spray raid outside my room at 3am, knocking on my door to show me one ant at 3am to try and prove she was in the right. i had to give my month notice as she would not clean it up. i could not live like that. i left again, it was not safe for me to be there, my breathing and coughing was insane. i had pushed myself so hard that i started bleeding terribly, got an insane fever and had to go to the hospital alone. it was a week after my 1 month notice and i was just going to clean up the ant dust myself so i could pack my things etc. but when i got home every single item i owned was put on my bed, on the floor of my room and it was completely uninhabitable. my dishes, every single last item in storage, in the living room, groceries, laundry room etc. i had a full blown meltdown and just asked her how she could do this to a new mom, a single mother at that, she begged me for forgiveness, said she was so sorry about everything she put me through and since i could not live there that she would give my rent back. i packed everything and put it into storage, moving truck, and supplies it all cost me so much. she played nice and asked me what she could do etc. as soon as i was gone she and her parents landlords blocked me and denied my promised rent back. legally because i had given my notice, i cannot do anything. so i have been couch surfing with a newborn for 2 months. my dad's gf has als and he suggested we find a place together so i could save some money, now i am caretaking a newborn and her. with all this stress and instability my anxiety is through the roof, my ocd back tenfold, and i feel like an absolute failure for my son. all his clothes in storage outgrew, all the new things i bought with my savings a waste. just living out of bags. then i had an extremely painful gallbladder attack as a cherry on top. because storage is in another city i still do not have my things and will not even be able to fit it in the new tiny place, just a small room for me and my son. it is just too fucking much. i feel so ostracized and alone because of covid, just being a parent and not able to do anything, i have been sober because i am breastfeeding so cannot even cope unhealthily for even a night. i cannot afford therapy, i do not have any real help. my doctor think my depression and anxiety are fine because my baby is healthy so it cannot be that bad. i do not know where to start. i love him so fucking much, and he is my world but i feel like i have not even been able to just enjoy being a mother and i feel so fucking robbed of the experience i know it should have and could have been. if i did not have him, i know i would not be here today. i am tired of being strong, i do not feel strong. i cannot stop crying, i am exhausted, i am hurt. thank you if you read this all, and i do not know what i am expecting but i am not doing okay. i have always dealt with depression fairly well but life keeps throwing so much more and i do not know how to handle it
this may be long, so i apologize. i am 29 f, married and a mother. let me begin by stating my husband is about as supportive as he can be and my child is incredibly understanding. all this aside, my depression and manic episodes are beginning to get out of control. and i honestly, do not even know where to begin and truthfully my story is not one really worth sharing. i feel as though this deserves a disclaimer that i do not feel right sharing my sorrows as i see myself being more fortunate than others. but i am so lost that i feel this need to post something, rather than continue hovering over this sub and other subs related to mental health, depression and anxiety. currently, i am on 20mg of lexapro and 600 900mg of gabapentin per day. my father was an alcoholic, and my mentally ill mother suffers from bipolar disorder, depression and classic narcissism. i was raised in an extremely religious family in the bible belt of usa. my entire life up until 16 was immersed in the southern baptist culture. my parents divorced when i was 4, and i did not see my father for 17 years. during my upbringing, my mother and father managed to marry 6 people between the two of them. somehow during the later years, my fathers 3rd wife managed to get him sober. we reconnected when i was 20 years old and 9 months pregnant. i suffered for years from mental and physical abuse by the hands of my mother and her 3 husbands between ages 4 18. needless to say, my life centered around their instability. i was the oldest, and therefore inherently responsible for my younger siblings. being in a violent home, the anxiety i suffered was not acknowledged. i was the girl in school that everyone knew had a rough home. my friends were my escape and still today remain my chosen family. but the fact of the matter is, they do not truly understand my situation. i gravitate towards people who are not nearly as jaded. i leaned on my friends parents for guidance and empathy. i have always been the black sheep of my mothers family. i am creative, incredibly artistic, intelligent, charismatic and i am not sorry about it. however, my family views me as strange and always have. i was always told how much i looked and naturally acted like my dad, someone they hated my entire life. i have absolutely nothing in common with my mother or her side of the family, and frankly, i am extremely resentful. we rarely speak unless its a holiday. i refuse to have my child around their toxicity. my mother is on her 4th husband, and just as manic as ever. my father, who i had so much in common with, died from alcoholism in 2017. after years of sobriety, he lost his film business and drowned his sorrows tenfold. his death was gruesome. he died alone in an old farmhouse, during the august heat in north carolina. his body rotted for 9 days before anyone found him. i can still smell him today. his death destroyed me. after years of separation from my father due to his substance abuse, i was so happy to have him back in my life. but he suffered from his own mental health issues and lost himself. i miss him every damn day. fast forward to now. my husband and i have been together since 2008. our child is 8 years old. i promised myself that i would not repeat the cycles of instability and abuse with my own child. i am proud to say i have kept that promise. my husband and i have always put our kid first, including making the decision just to have the one child in an effort to provide the best life. we have done it all. we bought a house in the suburbs of a great small town, we are part of the community, provide a great education, we are not religious, and we make sure that our child has an active lifestyle both in and out of school. we both work full time and i am a part time college student. our vehicles are paid off and our debts are very minimal. life is great, right? here is where my own mental health issues come to light. i suffer from clinical depression and panic disorder. i see a physician regularly and have been on my own medication for a little over a year. my job is incredibly stagnant and in such a toxic environment. every day i dread this job. i have been there 5 years. now that i am educated, and have consistent years in a particular industry, i feel confident moving onto a better paying position and hopefully a better workplace. i have been job hunting for four months. the job market is terrible and the competition could not be higher. i have never been so rejected in my life. my car is beginning to fall apart and i cannot afford to fix it, or purchase a new one. my studies can be overwhelming at times and my professors this summer in particular have been hard on us. i have a number of hobbies, including a podcast and i am so lost. my depression is so out of control. i have no family support whatsoever, and i feel like i already lean so much on my husband. i am scared to lean more for our marriage will break. i write this because i am scared my kid is beginning to notice. there are days where i can barely get out of bed, unless it is for work. i wish so badly that i had my dad to call. he had his issues, but he got me. i feel like antidepressants only help me so much. some days i just sit in my car and think, i could just smash this into a concrete wall and it would be over. i feel like i am a rat in a cage getting nowhere. i have been going through recruiting hell trying to find a new job. i have had many phone interviews, several in person interviews and i am either over qualified, or qualified except one detail they are looking for. i cannot win for losing. perhaps this is more of a venting post. am i alone in this? i have always done a great job of putting my own issues on the back burner, pushing through the pain and laughing to keep from crying. but these last 2 months have made me realize that perhaps that was not the best avenue. this is the first time in my life that i cannot escape my depression and my manic episodes. intrusive thoughts are ever present and beginning to worsen everyday. i cannot brush them off and feel so out of control. i just want to run away. feeling out of control.
maximus came home almost four years ago, after enduring years of abuse. he was a 90 pound hunk of love who thought he weighed about 5 pounds. most handsome boy you have ever seen, a pitbull with the biggest block head that i love more than anything. he always had to be by my side, and i always had to be by his. i would lay on the floor with him any chance i had, and he would always angle his head down and just collapse his body into my lap. my boy loved to get dressed up a bandana around his neck always made him sit up a little taller, and walk a little prouder. he got a rough start, having been used as a bait dog for the first half of his life. his body was permanently marked with scars from where evil scum had cut him repeatedly. when we found each other at the shelter, he had been there for 9 months and been adopted out and taken back quite a few times. ill never be able to wrap my mind around the fact no one else kept him, but i am so thankful they did not and that he waited for my family. he was missing almost all his teeth from chewing rocks, and was blind in his left eye. he has seen and experienced the worst humankind has to offer yet still had more love for us than you could ever imagine. he was my big, goofy, happy happy guy. the biggest regret i have is that i did not get to him sooner than i did. maximus did not want to eat anything the past few days, and was more sluggish than usual. my mom took him to the vet yesterday just to make sure nothing was actually wrong, and they told us his red blood count was low and he needed a blood transfusion. it was serious but no reason he will not recover from it. we took him from there to emergency vet, where they ran tests and did scans. the vet said he has never seen anything like what was shown on those scans, that my sweet maximus was a very very sick little boy. the inside of his spleen was supposed to look like peanut butter, but instead it looked like chunky jelly with chunks and lumps he could not identify. his body had developed multiple tumors, which were cancerous. he had gone into tumor lysis crisis meaning that a large amount of the cancer cells that were comtained in these tumors died, and released their cancerous contents into his blood. they were killing his red blood cells and destroying the ability to regenerate any at all. his stomach had bloated 3x its normal size, even though it was just later in the day and yesterday morning it had looked fine. the vet discouraged us from treatment because he did not see any possible way maximus could recover putting him on treatment would only prolong his suffering and ensure he passed painfully. which is cruelly ironic, as putting him on treatment would keep my suffering at bay. but i have to do right by my boy. hes been through too much and endured more than i can imagine, he was brought into this world in pain and i promised him when i brought him home he would leave it in love. i had to keep that promise. i love him more than it seems like my heart can handle, and making the right decision for him is the absolute utterly wrong decision for me. we got the vet this morning and despite not moving except to lift his head the past few days, he trotted off away from the building. i believe in the deepest place of my heart he knew what we were there for, and he was scared. he would not let me turn him around back toward it, and the most he would take was two steps toward the building and then sit back down. i sat down with him and just sobbed. the thought of not having that big brown baby rips my heart into shreds and pierces my soul. we finally got him inside after i just sat with him and talked to him for about 15 minutes. i have never wanted to simply wait in a waiting room longer, but they called us right back. i prayed that the doctor was tied up and would take a while before she got back there, but no sooner did i finish thinking that she came in. i felt myself detach from my body at that point. i cannot remember anything she said, but i know from the time she came in the room to the time she left the room was only about five minutes. my babys body was so tired, it had been fighting so hard for so long. he was gone before the injection to stop his heart was even finished. my world and heart suddenly felt so... empty. i was wailing in the vets office, the pain is so deep. the doctor told me our grief is only a reflection of our love, and i believe that 100 . i genuinely do not think i could love my boy even an ounce more because my little heart would give out. i am back home now, my other dogs do not understand why their brother is not here. i never ever expected my maximus to be the first to go. i have two other senior dogs, and maximus is the youngest. i felt so sure i had at least 3 4 more years with him, and i feel so robbed. i was not remotely prepared, i had zero clue this was coming. the one comfort i have is i do not feel remorse over the amount of time i spent with him. i do not feel like i wish i would have sat with him and pet him more because that dog was at my side constantly. any spare second i have i am laying with him. anywhere i go, hes the one that gets up in the car and rides with me. he loves a car ride. i always surprise him with a mcdouble, and the excitement he shows never ever ever gets old. i am not prepared for all of that to be a fond memory. i am scared, because i know in time ill forget how it felt to pet that big block head and i do not ever want to. i tried to memorize everything i could about the way he feels, so i hope its a long time before that happens. but for right now all i can think about is how it felt holding him and petting him and how it felt. i have been in a bad depressive state the past few weeks, and i do not know how i am ever going to feel okay again. maximus is my comfort, i seek him out when i am sad because of the comfort he brings, and now hes not here to comfort me when i need it the most. please be kind to me, i am not in a good place right now. thank you for listening k i had to say goodbye to my sweet boy today after finding out yesterday cancer is ravaging his body.
hi, redditors. first time posting. dunno where else to put this.little background i am a fit, healthy mostly m23 with a history of chronic and sometimes severe depression and frequent daily suicidal thoughts with a couple minor attempts some years ago... i am not on any meds but am contemplating taking them lately.my story of my sad summer so far this year started off pretty good, finally moved out for the first time last year and have been fairly happy. have had no luck with the girls i like, even though i am apparently quite handsome. they just lose interest after a while and i have sort of given up on asking any out. have moved into an apt. more recently with a longtime best friend from hs, which has been decent enough but we are drifting apart because of typical roommate shit. i have accepted it and i am okay with it, i think i would be fine without them in my life after this year. i do not have many friends otherwise though, and the new people i meet are mostly temporary friends. covid restrictions in my city have also made it tough, particularly because i have not seen most of my extended family in over a year.other than that i was having my hours gouged at work for a job and company i already hated, they cut me down to 12ish hours a week before i had enough. i would had a few thousand dollars saved so decided to quit. it is been fine since then, but money does not last forever and i do not have enough to support me for long. it is been a month with a little labor work on the side and i am nearly broke again. i was partying too much this summer in general so that does not help my money problem, going to the beach and drinking almost every day... doing coke all night with all kinds of people. from strippers to eccentric youths i have met at said beach. gradually i began to feel i had a problem, tried to cut back and failed, every time i drink i just lose all inhibition. finally quit for maybe a couple weeks and stayed sober, was tough but i am alive. looking for a new job still, maybe not looking as hard as i should, then i get some bad news about my cousin, that is also my age and in the same city, who was partying like me and od'd on drugs i have done before and nearly or maybe lowkey did od'd on too... he was braindead and in hospital for a few days. then another friend from hs few days later same thing. they died one day and the next. that was a week and a half ago, i broke my sober streak pretty fast. i never tell my parents this kind of shit and it hurts talking about my cousin and friend even more, especially when they say some dumb shit like how they were stupid for what they did etc... i have lost 3 friends my age to drug overdoses this year now and i think it is all just hitting me at once like the cars of a trainwreck smashing into one another and unable to stop.on the upside my best friend's birthday was this last week, though i almost did not want to go but convinced myself to so i could have a good time, and while on a raging bender i went with them and friends to another city to party. i think i drank almost constantly from breakfast to bed for at least 5 days straight and hardly ate a meal a day... it was a good experience all things considered, i made a lot of good memories in montreal... that entire day and night of my friend's bday in particular was like an indie film... but i do not know if i have ever gone that hard in my life and it scares me in hindsight. i was doing a few different drugs with those friends on the birthday as well, literally all day, and disappeared with half of the drugs to go bar hopping when they did not want to go out of the air bnb we were staying in. they were not happy, and i did not have a working phone for them to call me on... or any of their phone numbers.that night was great but the day after... that hangover was the scariest i have ever had, and the day before we would all left to mtl i broke my phone after getting home with a stockpile of booze so could not call anyone. i was pretty sure i would suffer a heart attack if i got up off my couch and decidedly stayed put for the entire first day and night i was back. my heart was pounding from the withdrawals as i would probably taken enough alcohol and coke molly for three people. i think part of me wanted to die, though i do not think i would have as i am a fit 23 year old male but... i was pretty sure i would be the next of my friends to overdose that day. i like to think this has been transformative, but i am still drinking and i think i have a long way to go to get out of this rut i have dug myself into... but i have been here before. i tell myself i will not commit suicide, even if it feels like it would solve all my problems and set me free, because i do not want to hurt my family and friends. i feel i owe them all my life, hopefully a good life. i still think of jumping from my balcony every day though.going to see my cousin's grave tomorrow and say goodbye finally. lots of family will be there and i will be sober. it is going to be thunder showers all day so i got an umbrella. i think it is fitting. maybe the hard rain will wash the tears from my face and the stains from my soul. i have been crying more these past weeks than i have through my entire adult life and i am ready for it to stop. i am not religious either, i still consider myself an atheist not so sure lately but i have prayed to god and asked to let me bear the burden of my family's grief so theirs might be lessened. among other things. so i think this pain will never go away and i will just try to be strong for them and myself instead. i am not sure what i want from this post except to write about it and get it off my chest. it is been keeping me up tonight. maybe i will start writing poetry again.so thank you for reading, if you did. i hope all of you out there stay well, there is beauty and meaning out there if you look for it. i have been finding much of it lately, just do not expect it to fall into your lap. go out and find it. there is all kinds of wonderful things out there just waiting for someone to stand witness. my summer of sadness
i am a 26 year old who lives somewhere in latin america. i am quite well economically, i have a job in technology not affected by the pandemic, i am physically healthy.many people i have met across all ages told me i am very intelligent. i can learn anything i put my will to, and i am typically complimented at work. i can speak various languages as well, and had some breakthrough achievements at work. i was lucky enough to have a good family that supported whatever choices i made, and i could travel and live in europe for a little more than two years. some people think i am good looking and interesting, i was able to have a healthy sex life in my youth with people all over the world.many people would kill to have at least one or two of the things i have described above...funnily enough, as cheesy as it sounds, i feel like killing someone too, myself. or rather, i would like to stop existing...do not worry if you think this is a suicide note, i am not going to do anything yet.i have made a pathetic attempt before on my life some years ago. i was not in any life threatening situation, but i called an ambulance and told them i had tried to commit suicide. trying to commit suicide is a crime in my country. as my perfect luck would have it, the police chief assigned to me that night saw me as a very desperate and lonely person, and wrote off my attempt as a cry for help. my parents came to the hospital, the police chief evaded his responsibilities, and i was able to get out a few days later. i went home as if nothing ever happened, i still have large scars on one of my wrists, meaning that this event will chase me forever.some days i forget that scar is there. some days i look at it but do not even pay any attention to it. i do not cover it with long sleeves, but i always have that scar facing my body, so other people will not see it.but it will always follow me through the rest of my days.a couple of years ago i returned to my country. i had been in europe studying at an university as part of some program. ever since that day, i have done nothing but work. i am thankful for the work i have, and i am climbing the ladder very quickly and i will be able to easily find a job anywhere in the world.however, i have no friends. no one i can a friend. all my relations now are just acquaintances from work. i have a very hard time being sociable. my depression has made me completely boring and unable to relate to anyone, or have a normal conversation. i have misophonia, so the sounds that people make give me a strong painful reaction. think like every human sound is the sound of nails on a chalkboard.i do not have any hobbies. if i do feel like doing something, it most likely is something i can enjoy by myself. i try to avoid social interactions as much as possible.due to the pandemic, i was able to move back with my parents and work from home. i live in another town a few kilometers away from work and i can save more money for investments, but i have no social life at all. the relation with my family is null. just the bare minimum and the essentials. no love or emotions allowed.just as i move everything from my house and finally move in with my parents, my coworkers decide to start hanging out regularly. they meet at bars and have a drink or two. i should not really care about this, but it has really affected me.is it a hard coincidence from life? one of those motherfucking facts of life? or were they always waiting for me to move away?in any case, my emotions right now would not have been different. i feel betrayed, even if i should not feel like so.the coworkers are young like myself, and while i am above them in the ladder, i always saw them as my equals. i spent many hours helping them, educating them on work topics they did not feel comfortable enough.one of them is a girl i have some feelings for, but she does not have the same back. however, she wants to stay friends. she noticed that i am not feeling well, since we do not talk as much through text chats on the phone.i may have ruined the perfect image i am always showing to the rest of the world, and to her as well. if there ever was a chance that me and her would hook up or something, i do not think that is possible anymore.one side of me wants to give them another chance, maybe if i ask, we can all meet and drink, and share nice stories! maybe i can rebuild the chat i had with this girl, and who knows what could happen.the other side of me wants to destroy this relation, never come back to the office, never chat with them again, break my promises with this girl, and escape as soon as possible.if you think this sounds very childish, it is because i never developed how to control my emotions. i am very sensitive to things that people say or think about me. my emotions are stuck in pre teen mode.i do not know what is this feeling i have right now. they are all negative. i feel betrayed, angry, in despair, saddened. for the first time in a long time, i have been just lying in bed doing nothing.from this little slip in my emotions, i can turn self destructive, and the short or long relations i have had, destroy them. which in turn, gradually transforms the slip into a downfall. but hey, it is not all that bad. in a few months, once the pandemic calms down and i am fully vaccinated, i will be able to go to europe.i have told my bosses about my idea, and they are in support, and even offered me the chance to work remotely from there. get some money on the side while i find a more suitable work option. it is all going to be all right, correct? except, the same things that happen to me here in my country, have happened in the previous times in europe, and will absolutely happen again. the exact same things i wrote above, happened in my country all through my childhood and further. it happened on my first trip to europe. it happened when i returned. it happened when i went back to europe, and now, it happened again.when do this shit change? hahaha just got to survive for a couple more months, and everything will be all right.... correct? when do this shit change?
i really dont know what to do anymore for the record i am not suicidal but i do feel like i have no way out of this. i have a concerning health condition that has been neglected for the past 6 years and gradually getting worse. i am on a slow decline in health and will do a more detailed write up of my life and issues soon. i see death as an option to free my body of its ailments and the stupidity that caused it, had i not hurt myself i would be taking a different path but im pretty much disabled now and have tried to fight the healthcare system with no diagnosis and been labelled as crazy by every person i meet. i wont sing, dance, look or feel the same way again so for me thats not worth it. i always dreamt of doing those things but now i will never be able to do them efficiently. i dont see death as a bad thing, just terrifying and really hard to process and a way to get out of a shitty life, i would rather die than be in a lot of situations really because we all die anyway i dont really want to suffer for too long. and the world doesnt care because it will just keep spinning. so there arent any negative feelings just logical and impartial situation which i accept. everyone will die too so rather sooner than later. otherwise i would have a degree in performing arts or music by now and would be performing and doing things with my life. sadly that isnt the case and am stuck with an illness that isn't getting better. my face is swollen and so is my body, my wounds won't heal, i can't exercise and feel fatigued every day, my veins bulge and i have extremely pale skin, my eyes are also bulging my brother pointed this out to me and i thought i was the only one who thought this , my teeth are cracking and my gums are pale, numbness in every single part of my body, blood pools, anhedonia, and dissociation, impaired memory and i can't even count or decide what to eat, have to double check my spelling and memory and even then i forget, bathroom struggles, insomnia, weak bones, head feels full and swollen, fingernails have started to club believe it or not, hair and nails don't grow, blue extremities and struggling to breathe, cant hold head up and body feels very heavy to carry, sharp pains around my body aching pains, blurred vision and double vision, i can't even walk anymore and my ligaments crack all the time. pre 2017 this would not have been the case because i injured myself very severly and do not realise the damage i have done. doctors are saying nothings wrong with me but thats not true, the problems have built up over time which i suspect is a problem with my vascular system but getting seen in the uk is very hard. i have also bought a healthcare plan which is not private health insurance but all that i can afford 11 monthly . the extent of damage it has done to me made me realize that i may not ever be normal again if i ever get treated that is, and so i feel like my only option is to die. i know some people say that people who are crippled and have disabilities can have long satisfying lives but that is not the life for me, especially considering there was nothing wrong with me before. i always dream to be that way again but i know i won't get that anymore and i wont be happy at all, the damage it has done to me probably affected my brain to the point where i dont think it will ever recover, or my heart, or my bones, or my optic nerves so i don't think it's worth living if i have long lasting complications. and also the cause was self harm, i know it sounds silly but it could have been prevented. i was mentally ill and the things i did weren't normal, looking back at it now and it's all my parent's fault, they convoluted my idea of normal since i was a little kid. i never got the help i needed not even for my selective mutism and now i'm screwed for good. i'm no good anymore and worthless, i can't even make or remember memories and this isn't the depression speaking since i had an urge to fix my life and get back on track. now i have a wound that will never heal. my parents were extremely toxic and detrimental since my youth, my only fantasies were ones of running away. i don't have much contact with them and am stuck in the house with them. in 2017 i self harmed so bad my left side went number and weaker and i have been that way ever since. now it's caused so many problems because of something pressing on my vascular system causing harm to my entire body, but i am told there is nothing wrong with me, even by the most toxic people of all my parents they got so sick of me trying to reach out for help, my father shouted at me and sent me into a burst of tears, i choked on my tea but i persisted and called the doctor and asked for an appointment, he took me to the docs but i feel like i'm in a losing game. i don't really have any positive options anymore and am in so much pain 24 7. i've lost my sight somewhat, hearing, function, mobility, emotions, and cognition and am basically becoming a vegetable. even if i do get treated it will be too late as the damage has left permanent wounds. i've shown someone pics before and they have admitted its pretty messed up what i have been through. i am struggling for answers but at the least, i can get a diagnosis just so i can shove it in people's faces and prove them wrong. but other than that i just don't know what to do with my life anymore. i got tired from making this post i took a few breaks and am still lethargic. my doctor that i recently visited also noticed that i was looking a bit pale so for me thats been a relief, he was quite attentive and offered to give me a blood test which is next month so i have to struggle to next month. he weighed me im 48kg now and we talked about my symptoms and i did mention to him it has to do with my vascular system, it's now a test of time to see what will happen. realistically i don't think my prognosis is too good. but people are becoming more attentive to how messed up my body is so i think thats a good but far too little too late now
i have a list of things and situations that really hurt me and i cannot move on from. i am severely depressed now and diagnosed with social anxiety and general anxiety and everything just sucks now. i am 22f and i have 0 friends, i have never been in a relationship and just generally i am a complete failure. anyway, here is the list, if anyone knows any ways how to move from all of this, please let me know because i have tried almost everything. repeatedly being laughed at because of my clothes, hair, nose. being ignored when trying to say something being laughed at during oral exams in middle school teachers talking to other students about me when i was literally sitting right there i have had words such as stupid bitch, etc written all over my notebook that i left at school everyone used to sit around my desk and made stupid comments about me during every break being ridiculed in every p.e. class for whatever movement i have made whenever i got a good grade, everyone being sarcastically surprised and making comments about it being ridiculed for eating a lot during breaks being laughed at for being poor ironic since i was not coming to school after being sick and everyone yelling insults at me constant comments about my looks and calling me ugly everyone always watching me at school to see something they could pick up on classmates throwing pieces of paper at me with nasty words written all over it no one ever standing up for me dad saying i am not pretty enough dad commenting on the size of my nose being ignored by multiple people when being out with friends on multiple occasions coming to high school and everyone whispering about me on the first day classmates saying that the whole class was great before i came to the school no one wanting to become friends with me always sitting alone at lunch coming to new class, and my former elementary school classmate who had not seen me for 5 years telling everyone in the group chat that they all have a problem because i was coming in as a new student having no friends at all at school for 2 years being laughed at for always being on my phone what was i supposed to do when nobody talked to me my best friends mum telling me that i smell bad and like an onion after i went to visit my friend who lived miles away and i just got off the plane after 9 hours a teacher that was not my home room teacher , pulling me out of class to talk to me in the halls about why i do not have any friends the same teacher humiliating me in front of the whole class because i have no friends and saying that i am not normal the same teacher telling me that ill never find a job the same teacher talking behind my back with another teacher about me multiple classmates writing that i am wired on a piece of paper for a game where everyone had to anonymously write what they think of the other classmates another teacher talking with my classmates during a school trip and telling them that i am weird and that she is surprised that my parents even let me go on the school trip alone dad saying out loud in front of family that he thinks i will not graduate from high school and then saying the same thing about university after i have graduated from high school a family member that does not even know me well saying that i most certainly have a mental illness saying it as an insult in front of my whole family dad saying that i will most certainly get pregnant before i finish high school ironic since i have never even had a boyfriend people constantly talking behind my back at my new school a classmate telling me that my hair is terrible classmates staring at me and talking about me during lessons classmates saying behind my back that i am a psychopath two classmates not wanting to be in a pair with me for an activity in class on two different occasions and then saying that they would rather get an f than be in a pair with me and they did a classmate taking pictures of me during p.e. classes classmates laughing at me during p.e. a classmate laughing at me because i did not straighten my hair when a teacher complimented my makeup look, all of my classmates were like she wears makeup?? when i most certainly did wear makeup everyday a teacher laughing at me for crying i was crying because my grandma passed away the same teacher reminding me of the one time crying almost every single lessons for the rest of the year and humiliating me best friend telling me my hair is terrible and telling me to change it a classmate pointing out that i have a big nose none of my classmates wanting to be roommates with me on a school trip, to the point i had to pay extra money for a single room my driving instructor saying that hes had a lot of different types of student but hes never had anyone as bad as me. after a friend did my makeup and hair at school, another classmate said that this is called an extreme transformation even when i looked almost the same. a teacher told me i did everything completely wrong and that she is never had a student as bad as me before even though i had mostly bs and cs in this class and some people literally had ds or es which is clearly worse classmates talking about me as soon as i leave the classroom during every single break a teacher telling my classmate that my hair is horrible and damaged and then the whole class laughing about it my dad saying that i am stupid despite my grades being mostly all as and some bs.. however my brother is really smart in his eyes even though he almost failed half of his classes basically after all of this, my confidence and self esteem is below 0 and i feel like i cannot move on from all the things that happened even though most of them happened a long time ago. idk what to do anymore. also thanks to anyone who found the time to read all of this, i feel like i really need another perspective or something idk feel like i cannot move on from things that happened in my childhood like being bullied in school or treated unfairly. what should i do?
i have a list of things and situations that really hurt me and i cannot move on from. i am severely depressed now and diagnosed with social anxiety and general anxiety and everything just sucks now. i am 22f and i have 0 friends, i have never been in a relationship and just generally i am a complete failure. anyway, here is the list, if anyone knows any ways how to move from all of this, please let me know because i have tried almost everything. repeatedly being laughed at because of my clothes, hair, nose. being ignored when trying to say something being laughed at during oral exams in middle school teachers talking to other students about me when i was literally sitting right there i have had words such as stupid bitch, etc written all over my notebook that i left at school everyone used to sit around my desk and made stupid comments about me during every break being ridiculed in every p.e. class for whatever movement i have made whenever i got a good grade, everyone being sarcastically surprised and making comments about it being ridiculed for eating a lot during breaks being laughed at for being poor ironic since i was not coming to school after being sick and everyone yelling insults at me constant comments about my looks and calling me ugly everyone always watching me at school to see something they could pick up on classmates throwing pieces of paper at me with nasty words written all over it no one ever standing up for me dad saying i am not pretty enough dad commenting on the size of my nose being ignored by multiple people when being out with friends on multiple occasions coming to high school and everyone whispering about me on the first day classmates saying that the whole class was great before i came to the school no one wanting to become friends with me always sitting alone at lunch coming to new class, and my former elementary school classmate who had not seen me for 5 years telling everyone in the group chat that they all have a problem because i was coming in as a new student having no friends at all at school for 2 years being laughed at for always being on my phone what was i supposed to do when nobody talked to me my best friends mum telling me that i smell bad and like an onion after i went to visit my friend who lived miles away and i just got off the plane after 9 hours a teacher that was not my home room teacher , pulling me out of class to talk to me in the halls about why i do not have any friends the same teacher humiliating me in front of the whole class because i have no friends and saying that i am not normal the same teacher telling me that ill never find a job the same teacher talking behind my back with another teacher about me multiple classmates writing that i am wired on a piece of paper for a game where everyone had to anonymously write what they think of the other classmates another teacher talking with my classmates during a school trip and telling them that i am weird and that she is surprised that my parents even let me go on the school trip alone dad saying out loud in front of family that he thinks i will not graduate from high school and then saying the same thing about university after i have graduated from high school a family member that does not even know me well saying that i most certainly have a mental illness saying it as an insult in front of my whole family dad saying that i will most certainly get pregnant before i finish high school ironic since i have never even had a boyfriend people constantly talking behind my back at my new school a classmate telling me that my hair is terrible classmates staring at me and talking about me during lessons classmates saying behind my back that i am a psychopath two classmates not wanting to be in a pair with me for an activity in class on two different occasions and then saying that they would rather get an f than be in a pair with me and they did a classmate taking pictures of me during p.e. classes classmates laughing at me during p.e. a classmate laughing at me because i did not straighten my hair when a teacher complimented my makeup look, all of my classmates were like she wears makeup?? when i most certainly did wear makeup everyday a teacher laughing at me for crying i was crying because my grandma passed away the same teacher reminding me of the one time crying almost every single lessons for the rest of the year and humiliating me best friend telling me my hair is terrible and telling me to change it a classmate pointing out that i have a big nose none of my classmates wanting to be roommates with me on a school trip, to the point i had to pay extra money for a single room my driving instructor saying that hes had a lot of different types of student but hes never had anyone as bad as me. after a friend did my makeup and hair at school, another classmate said that this is called an extreme transformation even when i looked almost the same. a teacher told me i did everything completely wrong and that she is never had a student as bad as me before even though i had mostly bs and cs in this class and some people literally had ds or es which is clearly worse classmates talking about me as soon as i leave the classroom during every single break a teacher telling my classmate that my hair is horrible and damaged and then the whole class laughing about it my dad saying that i am stupid despite my grades being mostly all as and some bs.. however my brother is really smart in his eyes even though he almost failed half of his classes basically after all of this, my confidence and self esteem is below 0 and i feel like i cannot move on from all the things that happened even though most of them happened a long time ago. idk what to do anymore. also thanks to anyone who found the time to read all of this, i feel like i really need another perspective or something idk feel like i cannot move on from things that happened in my childhood like being bullied in school or treated unfairly. what should i do?
what has effectively drained the life out of my soul the quickest, is the fact that everything revolves around money. nobody is motivated by anything else. if you are really sick and do not have insurance, you are pretty much signing yourself up for a life of extreme debt...if...you choose to go to the hospital. even with insurance, the same thing can happen, but on a smaller scale. my dad had a heart attack and had decent insurance, but he still owed 60,000 after he got out of the hospital and then he had to work three jobs to stay out of bankruptcy. he worked like a dog until he was 80 and lost his sight. for decades, he had a much weaker heart, but was having to work three times harder to keep his head above water financially. also...therapy is exceedingly expensive. my oldest sister has spent roughly 20,000 on therapy over the years and...honestly...she is not any better and in some ways she is much worse. even if the therapy was somewhat beneficial, the weight of the debt you owe counteracts any good that might have come from the process. i went to a place called..5 palms..in florida. i admitted myself and was there for an intensive emotional rehab course that was supposed to last a month. well...the insurance stated that they were only going to cover 2weeks. so...i left after 2 weeks and thought that was the end of it. however, they lied to me when they said that all i needed to pay was 3,000 up front and the insurance would cover the rest. after i got back and started feeling better, they sent me a very unexpected additional fee of over 6,000. immediately, i went into a panic and all the initial benefit and healing that i received from 5 palms completely vanished. actually...because of that huge additional bill, i was worse off emotionally than when i went in. i was so stressed out because now i owed over 6,000 and i had previously given them 3,000 in the beginning...that was a surprise and was not shared with me until i was already back home. i felt used and abused. i felt preyed on, as a person that desperately needed mental health support. they took advantage of me. they truly did not care about me. they only wanted to push me through the system like a cattle drive and reap the revenue from screwing me over... yet another helpless person. if you do not have money, you cannot eat. you cannot have a decent roof over your head and unfortunately, if you want to have a real chance of being loved, you absolutely have to have your finances in order or nobody will want anything to do with you. in order to be respected, you need money. if you want health emotional or physical , you need money. if you want good nutrition, you need money. the list is endless. even if you ask someone to help you move, they want payment of some kind money, beer, pizza...etc . they never want to help you out of the goodness of their heart. if you do not have a way to compensate them, they just come up with excuse after excuse as to why they are not available. unfortunately, you grow up in a world that teaches you that you personally are worthless as a human being unless you have money. that is the subliminal brain washing tactic.that eats away at your soul and before long, you are extremely depressed and feel so low about yourself. you become worthless, unwanted and very lonely... all because you do not worship money ...the masses are fooled by this mindset and it really only benefits the top 1 of americans anyway we are all mindless cattle under the finger of the mega rich . if you do succumb to the deceitful thought process, that money is a god of sorts, then you might be able to do more things and seemingly have more fun, but deep down you are slaving away for cash, as your only means of self worth, and you just feel like a machine. money only gives you false security and fake friends...and you know that deep inside. you work extra hard for more ways to entertain yourself and keep your mind occupied. so...whether you have money or not, it is a double edged sword. if you do not have it, you are lost...and...if you do have it and your not in the 1 club , you are lost...but yet everyone is clambering to get their hands on more and more of it. millions of people die in wars, murder, hunger and even endure human trafficing because someone wants money and will do absolutely anything to get it. the mind is a very peculiar thing. it will devise ways to covertly try and avoid the catastrophic things that are right in your face and dim the brilliance of the red flags flying all around you for mere survival sake. you begin to play mind games with yourself just to barely function. i feel like neo, in the original matrix movie. i took the red pill and the vale has been lifted on society for what it really is. i absolutely despise money. i hate it so much. i would burn all of it, if it was within my power. there needs to be a better way. society has been brainwashed for centuries and this is just how life is now. money rules everything. people will totally sell their soul for it because it has become the only focal point on the horizon. they will spend all their time working at the office and let their children raise themselves or allow them to be raised by other means... tv, internet, movies...etc . society is so screwed up and we all know it. we cannot look it straight in the face and fully admit how bad it is. it is very similar to death denial . everyone knows they are going to die someday, but cannot truly admit that. coming face to face with the fact that you are going to die...without a doubt...is mentally traumatizing. the same goes with the way society is now. we all know that it is extremely screwed up and beyond recovery. however, we cannot fully admit that because it would be too mentally traumatizing. thanks for reading this. i appreciate the time and energy you spent and again...thank you. .. money ..
to whomever it may or may not concern,i am sorry i am not very much myself at all. this is not me. for which i mean to say, i have seen better days, felt more like me...had a heartbeat with more lightness in it. if you are looking for someone to blame for it, it seems apparent to blame me. after all, i have no one to pin this on, except myself. and it has taken me years to accept that it might just be my fault anyway...not a factor of different traumas, and past abuse...not a lack of understanding the cruelty of the world around me and discovering dissapointment like i discovered my own talents......me....this is all my fault...for being the way i am...for making you all worry and look at me with bewilderment and disinterest...i do not blame you...i have blamed myself for years for it...i think i still do. but, just know that for each and every punishment i receive, self inflicted, my faults are being corrected. that is why i am in this cage you see. that is why i cannot come out...i have tossed out the key, so i would not think to ask for it. and now, i just wait here...in the darkness. i wait for the end. but it will not come. of course not...i am in a cage. nothing can get in here to kill me...except for myself. oh do not worry my friends. i will not do anything too bad. certainly will not leave without telling you all first...though it is tempting to. after all...did you really remember me when i was gone for all those years?...perhaps, you thought of me, every so often. maybe there was something in your day, a voice, a joke, a toy, a song, a movie, that reminded you of me. that put a smile on your face, thinking of the good times we shared together...a nice afternoon in the summer, sharing ice cream....a pizza party with a game of hide and go seek.....a sleepover with pajamas and board games....maybe video games and anime....maybe a friendly dinner and a walk through the town....i miss those times too. but they are all over. dead and still, only living in our minds. i want to join those memories, but i cannot you say, not when i can make new menories...not while i can have better times.but to be honest...from this cage of mine, i do not see how i can. so i sit and lie down and roll around...clutching the memories i have. i am not brave enough to ask you all for more. i am not brave enough to welcome new ones. i have...been stripped of my courage. i am naked. cold and silent. unable to cry for help...like a fish out of water. i am only able to struggle in my suffocation...i am drying out...i gaze up and away...i lay still. i want to give up. i need someone to return me to myself again. i do not ask you to do this for me. i am a slippery fish. i am an unwilling victim of self awareness. i will resist and bite and run. i will run. i will hide....i am afflicted by something that prevents me from getting rid of it, little by little...and it is powerful. it grips me with a vice, and uses my stripped courage as a trophy to intimidate me. it is a monster. and it is myself. i am it is underling. i serve it, and obey it is command....and the orders are killing me.soon i will not be so alone my friends. i might not be anything. or i might have company. i might actually be understood. i am sorry i am so presumptuous in assuming that you do not understand me, but...that is simply what this monster tells me. each and every one of you i know, has problems. has struggles. has traumas. i do not understand them...so why would you understand mine? not while i see your shining lives and sunny faces convey a message of health to me, that i am distant from. i lament my ignorance and my innocence, though i try to hold onto what is left of it is destroyed remains. i have cried, and grieved over the places i used to go for comfort, no longer welcome to me. i have nothing....i have...no one...because of this cage. please, you need not claim your loyal hold on our friendship and make the effort to be there. i would think the world of it...and i would also panic immensely about it. my trust, having been shaken so much, i worry that i will not have much trust left if i give it away so freely. it must hurt to hear from me that i cannot put my trust in you....i am sorry....i do not mean to hurt you. i only mean to push you away, and to reject your kind words and thoughts and gestures...so i can stay in this dark. so you cannot take me away from the monster trying to kill me. i just want to make you leave me alone, so i can help this cursed monster spread into you. i need to deterr you from helping me, even though your help is something that will save my life. i need to keep you from caring about me because if i do not...i am going to feel like a total, parasitic burden. i am going to feel it all at once...i am going to break down, into the soft fleshed, vulnerable, delicate little creature i am. there will be nothing to keep you from hurting me the most, and i will be in such as state the likes of which has not been seen. i will need comfort, and if i go without it, i will be hurt just as much as if you would step on me. i will be helpless. i will be weeping rivers. all the anger, and loneliness and years of loathing and self pity will come in a wave so large i will catch a cold from the tears i leave behind. i am in pain to tell you this...but i know you do not need this in your life. you do not need to help me. you do not need to care. you do not need to feel so sorry. i know you have better things to do. you have people that care for you more than i do. you have lives to live. you have things to look forward to. you must. because i do too. i just cannot see them from where i am.dear friends...i hope maybe i can see you again someday. i hope i can make you proud someday. i hope you understand...i wish i could be myself with you again... dear friends a letter of self remorse
os ltimos trs dias eu ando sentindo uma bad to profunda e eu no entendo, eu no tenho motivos pra estar triste eu deveria estar sorrindo mas no estou e isso me deixa mais triste. eu sinto um vazio to grande no peito que me falta ar pra respirar, eu no sei oq eu fao, s consigo pensar them uma nica soluo, toda vez que me deito no consigo dormir, a mente cheia de pensamentos que no me do um minuto de paz e olha eu aqui escrevendo pro nada e pensando them tudo, tenho uma dor enorme guardada e eu no consigo dividir isso com ningum, eu at tento, grito por ajuda mas ningum percebe o sorriso na minha cara no e mais verdadeiro e eu quero que fosse como antes, tenho pensado demais e isso t me corroendo por dentro, no sei quanto tempo eu aguento mas as coisas no melhoram, passo dias sem comer pois no sei oq eu sinto, no sei diferenciar fome da solido, tenho chorado demais, todos os dias pra ser exato, me olho no espelho e no gosto do que vejo a expresso de um rosto sem esperana me deixa ainda mais angustiado, espero que tudo se resolva, espero que seja logo.... ou ser tarde demais para mimhj foi um dia tedioso, no tinha oq fazer s queria conversar com ela mas parece que ela no queria falar comigo, eu no entendo o pq disso me abalar tanto ao ponto de me deixar triste e pra baixo, no era para as coisas serem assim. a cada dia que passa me sinto trocado, mas a real que eu nunca fui escolhido ento no faz diferena. o pior que eu no sei pq ela no fala comigo e minha cabea agitada no me deixa dormir them paz, mais um dia que eu no consigo dormir pensando nela, antes fossem coisas boas, mas esse sentimento de perder algo que eu nunca tive me destri por dentro. pensei que era recproco essa necessidade um do outro, mas parece que eu no a cativei ainda e ela deve me enxergar como qualquer outro garoto.mais um dia que no consigo dormir, pensar na vida tira meu sono, pensar nela tira meu sono, pensar them mim tira meu sono ento por que eu penso, hoje entrei them completo vazio existencial, pq as pessoas se aproximam de mim sendo que eu no sou suficiente nem pra mim mesmo. eu tento disfarar que estou bem mas no estou a cada dia que passa eu me afastou de mim mesmo, j no sei o que estou me tornando, as vezes no silncio da noite quando estou apenas comigo mesmo penso no por que de eu ainda estar vivo, me fizeram uma pergunta uma vez o que te faz feliz? e o engraado que at hj eu no descobri, at hj eu no sei o motivo que me faz sair da cama todos os dias, o motivo pelo qual eu estaria disposto a morrer. e eu sinto que se uma pessoa ainda no descobriu pelo qu morreria, ela ainda no est pronta para viver e nesse pensamento eu no me vejo mais entre os vivos, talvez seja uma forma de acabar com meu sofrimento, sofrimento pelo qual eu no sei o motivo mas ele s vem e vem causando uma dor tremenda no meu peito, as minhas expectativas de que as coisas iam melhorar diminuem a cada dia que passa, o pior que ainda tem ela, que me faz bem porm eu no sei se eu seria capaz de ama la j que nem mesmo me amo.eu no sei se eu vou ler isso daqui uns dias ou meses ou at msm anos provavelmente no eu percebi que o que me fazia feliz hoje j no faz, as coisas que me fazem sentir vivo j no existem, o meu ponto de escape foi tirado de mim e eu percebi que no consigo ser feliz, mais um dia eu me sinto triste sem saber o por qu, mais um dia que eu choro sem ter por que chorar, eu sinto minha vida se esvaindo aos poucos, me sinto cada dia mais morto e at que isso tudo acabe eu j terei dado um fim, eu definitivamente estou me esgotando psicologicamente e isso t sendo muito rpido eu j no sinto graa them fazer as coisas que fazia antes, no tenho com quem desabafar at tenho mas me falta coragem pra falar percebo que tenho problemas demais, porm todos temos problemas e se eu dividir isso com algum eu posso estar incomodando. por isso eu falo comigo mesmo o que chega ser deprimente, pois minha companhia pssima. se eu tiver lendo isso eu s queria dizer o quo vc forte, por mais que no parea vc t aguentando tudo isso sozinho e calado, o que errado da sua parte mas vc no tem outra opo. me disseram uma vez que chorar lava a alma e talvez elas estejam erradas pq eu tenho chorado demais e me sinto cada vez mais sujo, no de corpo mas de alma, t sendo um peso pra mim e esse peso t me sufocando eu no me sinto amado, no me sinto vivo e muito menos querido....c estou eu, 3 meses desde a ltima vez, talvez eu esteja mais perto do que nunca, faltam 7 dias pra me decidir se vivo ou se morro, agr so 1 03 da manh, no paro de pensar them cortar os meus pulsos e s morrer, eu estou com isso them mente, hj eu descobri que no posso ter o amor da minha vida e percebi que tenho sentimentos demais por ela, mas isso me deixa to mal, talvez deva fazer como van gogh e tomar tinta amarela, vai me dar a iluso que estou feliz e vai me matar aos poucos. as vezes eu penso se ela fez pra me magoar ou foi apenas coincidncia, mas acredito que todo mundo tem um lado e como um cientista disse uma vez se algo pode dar errado, vai dar errado bom ele no disse assim com essas palavras, mas foi mais ou menos isso . engraado por que eu dessa vez estou me sentindo com medo do que uma pessoa pode fazer, eu simplesmente quero morrer pra no ter que ver ou aceitar o fato que eu no posso ter tudo que eu quero. acho que vou morrer them breve e tudo que eu fiz nesse tempo foi chorar e chorar. uma vez eu li que quem decide morrer no o faz por falta de amor vida, mas porque o sofrimento se tornou insuportvel e essa frase me faz refletir, pq eu tenho medo do sofrimento que vai vir e como escapatria morrer seria uma forma de no sofrer ele depois. eu no consigo fechar os olhos sem pensar nela conversando com ele, eu nunca senti essa mistura de dio e medo. mas eu no tenho coragem de me matar, mas quero muito morrer. sla escrevi isso uns dias a
tldr just some self loathing, deep seated depressive issues of disappointment and suicidal wishes, moving right along, blablabla, nevermind eh? i am a loser. tbh, i do not think i can achieve anything. in the face of this world, i see people so much better than me, so much smarter and more dedicated and more put together, and more successful...they can achieve anything. then i see people that are poorer than me, less fortunate than me, have suffered more than me, look more disheveled and more less educated, but then i see they too are successful...they can achieve anything.i cannot achieve anything...i am stuck in a dull, sinking, horrible prison of failure and hopelessness, lost, alone, and above all, far from any sort of success. i look at myself, and i am disappointed. more disappointed than anyone on this planet...i put on my self loathing gloves, and i start to punch myself repeatedly with it...again. you are your problem. they are so right. it is pointless, pointless to try and help you . you will never amount to anything, because no one cares. no one cares about helping you . what makes you so special? nothing. there are people just like you, and they are all better. you cannot even try. your best is pathetic! you are weak! you cannot be like them. you will never be like them. you will never see any fragment of happiness and peace that they have taken for themselves, because you cannot take anything. you have become a revolting she will of your better years. it is sickening to look at you. 27. friendless. helpless. living in your own hell, just to make you feel like you can relate to others. you do not belong. you should not be alive. you should crawl under the earth like the pathetic, useless, rotten little pest you are. you have no purpose here. you are not even wanted. go ahead and cry. oh that is right, you are too embarrassed and empty to cry. good. if you will not cry, no one can hear me tell you that you will never amount to anything for as long as you live, because you will be doing everyone a favor to just stop breathing up the air they deserve more than you do. what is wrong with you? really. it is pathetic. you are the worst living thing in existence, and i have been stung by wasps. you are a burden to be around, to look at, to even talk to. look at you...you cannot even comfort yourself without looking like a sad ragdoll. and nobody is going to come and help you. no one is there for you. no one. you are nothing. you will never be anything...just a sorry piece of meat slowly decaying away. i leave myself alone...i have dealt enough blows to equate to seven or eight cuts on my arm. even then...those cuts would heal faster. i am in the dark. i am silent...i look around. i want to go home. i am home...no, i am not...i am someplace strange and distant. i am trapped in this weak little woman's body, lamenting, resenting...regretting.i fade. i turn off my emotions. i am numb....i am scared. why? why do i have to be so afraid all the time? why do i feel it is always...always my fault? why cannot i just feel alive, instead of already dead? i do not like this. i do not like me. i want to be liked. i want to be treasured. i do not want to be alone....i do not want to be in pain. i do not want to face the reality i fear is too harsh to handle. i do not want to live....but i must...i must make it to 2022...and wake up in the exact same place in life i am in now. nothing...changing....not getting any better....not crying out....not fighting back....not hoping for a better future for myself....not trying to pull myself back up onto my feet....i am running out of steam...out of hope...out of options.i am tired...of hearing the same things over...and over....and over....again...and again...tired of going unheard, unseen....tired of the lies...seeking help, means helping yourself, means little when you want nothing more than to give up...and not keep going...it is too painful. it is too much. it is so much to endure....and it is not fair. i am tired of enduring...i am tired of being so unable to live...so why should i?i have been going for a walk around my block lately in the morning. i read somewhere it helps with regulating my sleep and quelling night anxiety. i do not believe i can fight back everything this way. especially since i walk alone. especially since walking does not solve feelings of disappointment. but it is an escape that is not death...and it is a distraction...from my self loathing. i have some deep lows and my mood can become so bad that i start to scream for someone to help me, to please help me, i am in so much pain and self wrought with agonizing guilt and shame i do not know what to do anymore! but...then the mood starts to numb. i do not care anymore. i hope that something awful happens to me while i am out, because i deserve it. and then my mood starts to lift off. i leave with a feeling of freedom and carelessness. i breathe deep and full. i take myself places, because no one else will. i be myself, because nobody will remember me anyway. and i feed myself and comfort myself...and i feel okay. i feel finally, fine. until i do not again....and it all begins over again.i do not even know if anyone will read this. i doubt i even will remember how little i care about myself. i am a total idiot...why did i even type all this? it is just the same old same old. i am still depressed. i am still struggling. i am still in the same place i was before. i just know how to do my job and drive now...anything i accomplish and achieve is nothing to be proud of...because i am not enough. i do not believe i will...ever be enough. i will just be...stuck here. i guess. until i die....if i had the guts......i would already be gone. i do not believe in myself...in fact, i do not think i can even get well.
hello everyone i m an 9 year old male with a perfectly normal bmi 9 lb or cm 0kg i ve never smoked in my life i ve never tried drug and i don t drink alcohol no history of cancer or heart issue in my family so it all begun this july when i woke up with an intense chest pain i thought i wa having a heart attack and my mother slashed me to the er i had a blood test ekg ultrasound everything wa clear one week later i caught covid but the symptom were mild and i wa also vaccinated so in september i took a cbc again in order to get an accutane treatment for my acne the cbc came back with high wbc and lymphocyte 0 and normal are 0 0 0 for wbc and 0 for lymphocyte they told me it might be cause of covid and i should retake the cbc in a month meanwhile i begun to get daily intense chest pain at the upper left part where i can feel my heart so i got another appointment with a cardiologist in october i went to the cardiologist who did an ekg echo they told i have very few pvc s but that wasnt something concerning for the doc so they told me i don t have any heart issue now my cbc came back with more elevated wbc and lymphocyte and at the time i had also developed everyday abdominal pain and lot of gas like i have to fart all the time and the fart last long also i feel a fullness to my abdomen and i get spasm or fasciculation all over my body everyday i got an abdominal ultrasound which came back normal my poop also come back in thin layer which look nothing like before in december i met with an hematologist oncologist who put me on like 0 test and everything came back clear except my wbc which were again elevated at this time and lymphocyte at in september they were 0 and in december the hematologist told me that i have a reactive lymphocyticosis and it s nothing serious before i caught covid in july at the er my wbc and lympho were perfectly normal he said i should retake a cbc in month in order to check i also visited a gastroenterologist who said that i probably have nothing since i m too young and prescribed me omeprazole for 0 day it didn t help at all i also take vit d supplement because i have a deficiency i also had a poop culture which came back clear i decided that i should look into my thyroid for the heart etc so i got a thyroid ultrasound and some lab with bloodwork everything came back clear again along with some inflammation lab crp igm igg igg which were all negative the latest test were conducted in december now it s been like month that i m living in daily pain i can feel something like a rapid heartbeat in my abdomen jerk or twitch hand back etc my body is pumping all the time i think they re called fasciculation i get them like every 0 minute and it s so so annoying i also get the intense chest pain everyday i feel like my heart is gon na leave me or something it s really painful and i feel like dying the pain is very intense my abdomen also hurt everyday i have so much gas and ramblings i think it s everywhere in my body and i can t stand it my belly usually hurt at the upper left part but the pain is everywhere i m also severely bloated i also got covid again just a few day before new year im afraid to take a cbc now cause i believe that my wbc will have skyrocketed my symptom were worse than first time i had a high fever for day 9 c and i still have some cough i feel that this will really mess my immune system more than it s already messed up i guess it s already messed up because my covid symptom were much worse than in july even though i had the delta variant in july and now the omicron which is weaker i asked if i can get a colonscopy but they told me that they re meant for people over the age of 0 and me with no family history i m not a candidate for it plus i have no blood weight loss etc pretty much every test i ve taken come up normal except my wbc which keep raising every month i m so afraid that i have something serious like colon cancer or crohn s my quality of life ha really deteriorated i can t study any more i m gon na fail my uni final i can t do anything i m in daily pain my heart hurt my acne ha dominated my body it s really everywhere chest back butt face even thigh we re talking really bad cystic acne here not pimple and with bad break out i can t lie on my bed because my back bleeds because of it and i still haven t gotten the accutane because of my blood i also want to start working out but the pain are scaring the shit out of me thinking that i m gon na pas on the treadmill or something the acne ha also destroyed my self esteem and it s worse than ever been battling with it for almost year now i also get random pain all over my body lower back headache arm etc i really don t wan na die yet but my life is really shitty hell i would give everything to feel good again tbh i don t know what test i can take anymore to shed some light in my case should i ask for an mri my parent have really got full of me i ve ripped them off by dragging them to so many appointment i ve had more than 0 since july they have to pay i can literally feel my left part of my belly pumping right now i ve tried taking laxative dulcolax for day but my constipation and thin stool turn into diarrhea and more pain i also get some sharp pain here and there that last a few second i m so afraid it s cancer tumor or leukemia or autoimmune which will make me suffer for life only the thought of it make me wan na vomit i m only 9 goddammit i think that covid might have triggered an autoimmune disease or something i guess my nerve system is really broken right now lastly my mentally healthy ha really deteriorated at this point symptom started at of july and today it s the th of march everything is a lot worse than it wa before i wake up from my sleep with panic attack i m thinking about death all the time
i am going to start from the beginning of the year and work backwards. so 2021 has been nothing but a continuous ball of shit for a few reasons. broke up with my bf, had to quit my job because of a rage incident, got on meds, got off meds, was hospitalized, got pretty suicidal, cut people off.. nothing but a whirlwind of self harm. its funny because the majority of my depression is not caused by anyone or anything, but my failure for self love and self care and denial in self worth. here is the tragedy.. i grew up with a very happy childhood teenagehood . loving parents, a loving family what most people would kill to have in this world. but because of my self hatred, i wanted to prove myself to them and to my friends that i was not the cheery innocent kid i once was. so what did i do? i try to be asshole by cutting them off. being mean, blocking them, getting angry at them for no reason etc. to prove to them of a false sense of power that i lack within myself. but the worst part of it all becoming addicted to that mean streak against people. which has led to irritability.. and now.. addiction to pain. anyway, that is like 5 of the whole story. i have practiced self destructive behavior pretty much my whole life. not tapping into myself when i should.. letting life takeover before my eyes. nothing but a overwhelming subconscious laziness. like living in a giant daydream. but it did not really matter up until i was about 23 24. why? because my parents did everything for me. gave me a car, gave me money every day, filled up my gas tank every week, filled my lunch box up until senior in high school. so part of me constantly living in la la land was the luxury of literally everything being done for me. and now here i am finally trying to take a stab at life at 25 and i cannot even find my way out of a m f paper bag. i cannot follow through with my decisions for the life of me, my goals do not hold value, etc its a vicious cycle that never ends. and now i have anxiety that time is running out by getting serious about my life at 25 26. the rather be dead thoughts chase me 24 7 365. and i cannot escape myself no more. but i do not blame my parents fully. of course i take responsibility for continuing to practice that day dream life style. but at the end of the day its no ones fault. i do not like to look at it that way. what is done is done and i am in the present and that is all that matters. and now i have to undo my wrongs. my bf broke up with me two weeks ago for my impending suicidal ideations, and inflicted pain i caused him and his best friends. my threatening to shoot myself etc. it took a hold of our relationship so much that he was afraid to drive in my car because he thought id kill us. he was scared. and i cannot barely live with the fact that i scared someone that i loved so dearly. and it will haunt me to the day i die. because i am not that type of person and i always have good intentions deep down in life. so i was hospitalized because he wanted me to get help and i wanted to better myself. but it did nothing besides give me a new pill which did make me feel better ill admit. but i recently quit therapy and the pills because why? because i decided i do not want to live my life by not being able to help myself. i have the what kills you makes you stronger mentality. do i think i am crazy and does my parents think i am crazy for stopping treatment? yes. am i doing me harm by doing this? yes. am i digging myself a deeper whole by doing this? yes. but some odd reason i think its necaaary because i am tired of my 10years of therapy and going on and off of meds. so i am currently seeking more natural and less expensive treatment to better myself. one of the last things is.. i cannot hold a job. look, i am an artist influencer that is trying to make it in the music industry. i have been in music since 8 years old and know its my calling. however, i cannot do the bullshit get by jobs anymore. i am 26 now and want to do what i am made to do. not folding burritos at a damn chipotle, not slave work making box walls at ups, and not parking peoples cars for them just so they can throw a 1 at my face. i think i have been through about 12 13 jobs since i was 16. and i am sooooooooooooooo sick to my stomach over it. it lowers my self worth and confidence and i am exhausted. i am jobless right now because i broke down at chipotle in front of a room full of customers glaring me and my coworkers too for basically cursing out the store and having a psychotic breakdown that could have easily be resolved by taking my complaint civilly in the managers office one to one. but no, it was the last straw. but what was it really? it was just a cry for help from within. this was right before my bf found out and wanted me to get help and before i got on meds. and none of it was to make the workers feel bad, or to be an asshole.. no. absolutely not. i also have a lot of self esteem issues so whenever i feel the heat boiling.. i let it go because i am passive aggressive generally and the only way i can hve a voice is by letting it come out through anger horrible i know . just more self destructive behavior that i practice. but at the end of the day man i am finished with exhausting myself of this illness. i want to be dead. i do not want to be alive. i rather be dead than causing this pain amongst myself every damn day and trying to fix it. its too much. just too much. and a pysch ward do not do shit. i was there. i am so lost in this life. if there is anyone out there who struggles with self inflicted pain or feels behind in their lives or is addicted to feeling pain or have lost all self pride.. please respond below. id appreciate it. thanks for reading for anyone who cares to read
recently me and my boyfriend had issue that have been accumulating come to a head for a week i wasn t sure if he wa going to leave because of them and for a week i tried to decide what i wa going to do if he did everything is fine now thankfully we talked and we re working on our issue the main one being that he need my help to open up emotionally so he doesn t bottle them up the reason his flight instinct kicked in and he almost broke it off wa because i had stopped checking in on him and thus he thought that meant i didn t want to know i know this sound odd but this is what he told me in actuality i did want to know we just got to the point that i thought he d just tell me i wa wrong this is going exactly the way you think it is during that week i decided that if he left me i wa going to end my life at the time i didn t know that him bottling thing up wa the reason he wa talking about a lot of other thing namely my increased anxiety and me not coping well with it on my own he said i wa overloading him which i understand he also said that i seemed more angry with him over time and more anxious and that that made him feel badly about himself i didn t know any of this i thought he would tell me i ve had a traumatic life spent year feeling unloved by my family lived in a home where i wa unwelcome accumulated five mental disorder and last year wa committed for suicidality i spend the majority of my time trying to be a good of a person a i possibly can and i wa doing that with him a well and i failed obviously i came to the conclusion that if he decided that the issue we had were too fundamental to who i am and therefore unfixable that he wa probably right i spent the last few day of that week planning my death decidng what my note would look like of which there would be many one for each member of my family and for the first time actually wanted to die when i wa committed before i wa delusional i didn t want to die i thought that i had to to end the suffering this time i just didn t want to go on i figured i had given it my best shot and now the only way i could be of any use wa to leave my loved one alone and write them letter to soothe their grief and i knew some would be sad some would be angry but i just couldn t do it anymore and now he s saying these issue are fixable that he love me and want to stay that he still see good in me but now i feel confused i wa expecting to die this week i expected him to end it today or over the weekend and that didn t happen emotionally i am a wreck and neither he nor anyone else know i didn t tell him because i didn t want that to affect his decision and i would rather cut off my arm then manipulate people i love i won t tell him now either if he ever doe decide to leave he need to feel free to do so and now i just i ve discovered how dependent i am on others to give me value i simply don t believe that everyone ha value some people namely rapist serial killer people who hurt people over and over with no remorse etc don t and thus that mean that to keep myself from being hypocritical i have to apply my belief system to myself a well in the past i told myself that i am simply too unwell to make that decision objectively but now that feel like running away from the question i am just reconciling this relationship is inherently unstable because me and him are both highschoolers and i have enough illness to mark me insane i ve realized that i won t be able to handle loosing him because i think he is such a great human being and he s treated me so well if we ever split i ll know it wa my fault and apparently that mean more to me than i thought no one in my life can know this happened specifically because i recently went off of my anxiety medication and they ll say thats why this happened this doesn t make sense because when i wa commited last year i wa taking the medication and that didn t prevent me from being suicidal and because the side effect of the medication made my life significantly worse and harder so i doubt going back on it would really help i will not discus why because it is horribly embarrassing and feel dehumanizing and i don t want anyone s opinion i just want to know how do i move on all it took wa a week for those thought to become instinct again and they re still following me typically i move on quickly partly because of my dissociative disorder and it d only take a day or two to forget but this isn t dissapearing i ve damaged my psyche and i don t know what to do about it i can t talk to a therapist in my experience they don t actually know how to help you move on from a period of suicidality they only know how to keep you from doing it i think cbt the therapy not the drug could help honestly but i doubt seriously i could find a therapist who doesn t think suicidal thought disappear after you re commited at least thats how they treated it at the psych ward they act like your thought should be gone in a week last time i opened up about this i felt like i wa being punished by my family and by my doctor actually i m still being punished at least by my family everyone ha an opinion about your suicidality and everyone make it about themselves i just mean to say opening up isn t an option i don t need further punishment or have people angrier with me than they were before how can i in my own time and on my own term move foward i know there s a way especially since i m motivated though my heart is probably in the wrong place because my reason for being motivated is so that it doesn t affect my boyfriend and i feel i should specify i don t mean how can i tackle the root i can actually do that in therapy without risking hospitalization i just mean a of now how can i wrangle myself together and keep moving
i know nothing. its not a lie or a trick. i simply do not know shit. but you might be wondering how i can write words if i do not know anything. well, i never said i never learned anything or figured anything out i just said i do not know anything. i do not know for sure these words are real. i do not know for sure what i am saying with them. i simply do not know.its possible reality does not even exist, and neither do i, something i consider a comforting thought. if reality is fake, all my supposed knowledge is just based on non existent, simulated data. so i do not know, i just do not.the fact is, if i knew anything, i would not be poor. boom! there it is. if i knew anything, i would not be depressed. if i knew anything, i might have a girlfriend or a job or a house. instead, i do not have any of those things. i am what anyone who randomly saw me would consider a loser.if you did not know what i could do, you would think id never worked hard in my life. you might even think i did not have a single skill. but that is okay. i have learned it does not matter how others see you. if someone looks at you and sees a failure, you just look right back at them and agree with their assessment. its okay that they think of you that way because they do not know anything, either.its a freeing sentiment, to be sure. it makes all the stress go away. it makes all the naysayers null and void. it makes everything that has ever inspired you to want to kill yourself just float away into the ether.its quite the serene feeling if i do say so myself. the moment you realize you know nothing is lovely and even therapeutic. but that comes as little consolation to the weary. then again, though, life has few condolences to offer. a person can work their entire life and never get good in the eyes of others at anything. due to nothing being certain, its entirely possible that no one will ever love you.cheered up yet?anyway, in my opinion, a person needs to be okay with all of this in order to live without eventually killing themselves. i feel, in a way, that to die with dignity should be the goal of every person. suicide is a decidedly undignified way to go out. even a nobody should want to have a dignified end, if for nothing else, because of the principle of the thing. if you kill yourself, you will only prove all the people who ever thought you were a loser correct.overly sentimental nonsense. its the exact kind of thing suicidal people hate to hear. but maybe its true. i do not knowi do not know anything. however, i believe that the better thing would be to hang around until you get used to life. then, when they laugh at you, just laugh right along with them. those other people are only laughing because they are scared of what you representthe fact that things do not work out for all of us.so, when the assholes make fun of your poverty, do a fucking dance and let them know you are the soiled fool they think you are. then there will be nothing for them to hurt you with, no amount of putting you down to prop themselves up that will ever suffice. you will have denied them the pleasure of your pain.but all those people out there in the big wide world who want to win by keeping others down will ultimately lose. take comfort in that. those peoples lives will eventually meet an empty, meaningless end. so, in this regard, its far better to live as an intellectual, far better to read and write and learn and ponder the great mysteries. do this, and you will be capable of doing more with a single moment of thought than they will ever be able to do in a lifetime of thinking as hard as they possibly can.perhaps, in the end, its the smartest among us who wind up on the street to die in poverty. all those people who will succeed in life are the ones who get into the professional world via personal connections and calling in old favorsthat sort of thing. after all, hollywood employs professionals. just look how that is turned out. its just how it is. the corporations have made it this way. they have all these preconceived notions of excellence that they impose on society through marketing and other pressures. those who buy into these notions will be successful, and those who question them will be destroyed. heresy, it would seem, is as much a crime against corporations as it ever was against the religions. were simply not permitted to be independent thinkers in a society, and we never were.there is always been some group that insists they are right about everything. the earth is apparently the center of the universe, and negative memory engrams are apparently the because of our problems. but that is just how society operates. you can ask jane austin or galileo or van gogh about that.were simply not allowed to be anything other than what the ones in charge want us to think we are. they are the ones who make the rules. this is their world, and the rest of us are merely permitted to live in itfor a time.most people will not be able to understand what i am talking about here, and i get it. i am used to that kind of thing. its been the story of my life since i was a child. i have been working since i was five at one art form or another. consequently, i have become quite the abstract thinker, and i do not imagine that my perspective is very accessible to others.not exactly a marketable personality, am i? i guess that means i am fucked. oh well.i do not even know if this means anything at all. i assume it does not. its just a bunch of words on a page. i write thousands a day, and this is just a thousand more.you got to just keep living your life. if you think it matters, if you think you know anything at all, you are only going to be surprised when you discover you are dead wrong. unincorporated
ok. i am not a short winded person, so i apologize in advance for all the information i am about to dump. to make it easiertldr i need to fix my inability to be productive. a lot of it can be explained if you understand adhd and depression induced executive dysfunction stuff. i have tried adhd medication 36mg concerta, 20 mg ritalin or as needed depression medication wellbutrin 150 anxiety meds celexa 20 therapy adhd coaching the just fucking do it mentality the ignore the emotions of not wanting to do it mentality reward systems creating daily patterns coworking body doubling breaking down projects into small due dates using project management programs scheduling out my whole day, minute to minute who the fuck knows what elsei am really suffering from this voice that just keeps saying but what if i do not, every time i try to implement each of these tactics. its to the point that i am not earning enough money to pay 600 of rent out of income every month. yeah. i am not earning 600 monthly. its closer to 500, which is about 10 fucking billable hours. not all of my working hours are billable, but jesus fucking christ this has to stop. the only reason i am holding on is because of past years of diligent saving. thank god for that and even so i just had to cash out an investment account to stay afloat. what the fuck do i do. my therapist keeps suggesting great ideas, and nothing is sticking. i am truly, seriously, disastrously failing. anyways, full story diagnosed with adhd at 8, medicated at 10. started on ritalin. changed to concerta at some point. switched to vyvance, which made me suicidal. no one noticed, and i did not realize it was medication related, so i was on that for two years. went back to concerta. last change to medication was in about 2014. struggled academically my whole life. even with the diagnosis i was convinced i was just too lazy to do well. i believe i am smart, but academia and i never agreed. got a degree in web development and graphic design. i honest to god love it. i love doing what i do, but even that is not enough. i do not even draw for fun anymore. all i do is listen to the same podcasts over and over again. anways. since then, finally took ahold of my mental health, got some proper diagnoses in order to start treatment. potentially relevant diagnoses avoidant and ruminative type ocd, anxiety, and depression which is the newest discovery, also should have been the first. it was a no shit sherlock kind of moment, so treatment is just beginning through therapy and wellbutrin . the obsessive compulsions create a need for absolute perfection. the ocd says, something bad will happen if everything is not perfect. and the anxiety says, but you could never anticipate every way to make something perfect, and what if its already flawed, before you even start? the depression says, not like you could ever achieve perfect, anyways, so why even bother. the adhd says, lol by the way, here is a red herring to follow, this will certainly make your work perfect if you spend 12 hours researching it, oh and by the way, here is zero serotonin for any of the work you need to do, but hey, you can have a days worth of serotonin if you keep scrolling on reddit. also let us forget to do laundry for 6 weeks, forget were putting food in our mouth for 45 minutes, and staring blankly at the floor debating about the best way to start sorting your laundry for two hours is for sure important.so i am on celexa. things go well for a while. anxiety is gone, work is good, i am making good money and enjoy what i do. inevitably, anywhere from 4 8 months after starting something new, be it a job, promotion, moving somewhere new, etc, i just stop caring. its like a fucking brick wall. and this has been true for more than a decade. new semester of school, i inevitably get straight as for the first four months, then its a race to see which makes it to 0 first the school year or my gpa. new job? i wow everyone for the first two quarters. i am participating in task forces, developing brand new systems for everyone at work, getting huge compliments from clients and coworkers alike. then, its just what if i do not? so i get fired, or i am the first person laid off because of the pandemic. now, i have this amazing thing set up. i am working for myself, which means i do not have to work full time. to make ends meet and save a little extra, i actually only need to work 20 30 hours a week. its fantastic, i love it. i get to choose my clients, i get to get out of bed at 9 instead of 7, i can go on vacation whenever i want. but the last two months have been a fucking joke. i am thankful i have amazing clients who are understanding and lenient, but i have some huge due dates coming up that i am on the verge of not having enough time to complete. i am losing clients. i am losing money. last year i made 30k in 6 months. this year, i have made about 6k. what is wrong. i am desperate. i am failing. i do not know what to do. i went on wellbutrin about a month ago. the first two days were magic. the most productive days i have had in 2021. but then the wellbutrin tapered off. i get it, medication talks need to happen with the doc, i know. its just that i am starting to think those amazing two days will not be something i can replicate. oh, and were hoping to up the adhd meds soon, but we need to wait on the wellbutrin. concerta does jack shit anymore. ritalin gives me about 45 minutes of good concentration. i cannot keep going like this. i really, seriously cannot. please hep me. i am failing because i cannot make myself care. every time i need to do something for work or life its just, but what if you do not do that? i desperately need help getting control of this.
crosspost i do not know where to start. this is going to be very long and i do not expect anyone to read it. amp x200b what is been weighing heavy on my mind since i woke up this morning is am. those are his actual initials and that is really all he is to me. and bad memories. i have nightmares regularly with him in them. i cannot help but want to ask him if he is sorry 2 3 years later. i could not believe my eyes the day i found cp on his second phone. you may ask yourself second phone? then glance up at the red flag. yeah, i have a hard time not blaming myself for falling in love with someone i can clearly see was a terrible person in hindsight. but i did.i told myself for over a year afterward that i would never be capable of loving someone so endlessly and freely. part of me still believes that. part of me knows that is the grooming and abuse still doing its job. however, none of me genuinely feels bad for myself. i wanted to die before i met him and i want to die now. i wanted to die when i was with him, too. a rapper i like said it best i still want to die, but got someone to do it with. i think what makes it so difficult is that we were junkies in love. spending all my money on drugs of choice. being in love on drugs cannot compare to doing it sober. i still cannot figure out if he knew what he was doing or if he was just so fucked up that he cannot see what he did.for the sake of tldr, i think the one story i will share is the day he was trying to convince me to give him back his second phone. for context, this was directly prior to the purge on tumblr. before the purge in general.i had found cp one time prior around christmastime living in a motel, but i was so deeply disgusted and disturbed and also literally was not trying to invade his privacy, that he easily convinced me it would never happen again and it was a one time thing that he felt extremely guilty for. i have to excuse myself here and say i was extremely drugged up and not thinking clearly.the next time i found it was after we moved into an apartment and signed a lease. i was looking through his phone and found way more evidence than would have been needed to convict him. i told him and took his phone and almost always kept it on my person. he played nice for a couple days, trying to get me not to go to the police. which worked. what also worked was the day he blew up. he told me he felt like i was keeping the phone instead of getting rid of it to spite him. i told him i was not sure what i wanted to do yet. he practically begged me to give it back to him. so i took it and threw it into the dumpster in our apartment complex. i told him if he wanted it, he could climb in there and go get it. i am not sure if he did. i would not put it behind him. amp x200b the other thing weighing heavy on my mind is sw. also his actual initials. also only bad memories. sometimes i have nightmares about him, too. this one is hard because i blame myself entirely for it even though i advocate that teenagers children are not at fault if an adult takes advantage of them even if they initiate it or think they want it. the age difference was about 10 12 years, but the exact number escapes me. i was a minor at the time.i think he was the first one who ever told me to call him daddy. i do not have any words in my head when i think about what happened, it is really only flashes of what i can remember and what i felt. i feel disgusted by my former self for allowing sw into my home and letting him do those things to me. i remember the smell of cheap beer and menthol cigarettes on his breath. i remember the process of letting him get away even though my mother contacted the police. i remember his girlfriend messaging me on facebook some time later, asking what sw said was wrong with her. that is so sad. amp x200b what it boils down to is this after sw, i attempted suicide. i would have succeeded if what i hung myself from did not break. after am, i never properly attempted, but today i am surprised that my recklessness and inconsideration for my own life did not kill me.today, i weigh a lot on how easy it would have been to commit suicide after am. no one cared about me, i did not talk to family or friends, and i had nothing at all going for me in my life.today, it is only hard to do it because of my responsibilities and shame. there is not much more to say here. of course, there is also the fact that my boyfriend and family would have to cope with it, but some of that ties into responsibilities instead of actual guilt. it would be easier if i was high and i just want to say fuck it and go buy drugs. but i do not know what my boyfriend would do. part of me literally does not care because he kind of treats me like shit, too.i literally do not want to put in the effort of getting better. i do not want to have to find a counselor therapist psychiatrist. i do not want to have to try different medications when being high is so much better than being happy. i do not want to talk about what happened to me because there is nothing i can do to make it not happen and because i cannot fucking kill the people who hurt me the most. as far as i know, too, they are fine. they are fucking fine. and i am still struggling to be a person. i just wish there was a switch that could make it better or just never happen in the first place so i did not have to put in the effort to get better for things that were n't my fault. i should have killed myself after am then i would not have to hurt my best friend boyfriend and my family i have gotten closer to since i got sober. i wish i never got sober. i wish i let him kill me. i should have killed myself when it would have been easy
here is an evening ramble for you all. not looking for help, just a friendly ear eye? if there is someone out there. thanks for listening to my long rambling thoughts warning they are not in a great order. more of a stream of consciousness? first, someone tell me why prescribing some xanax a few times a year to help someone deal with the physical symptoms of anxiety attacks is worse than the drugs i have been on since? i live a stressful life. i got that. choices have consequences. mine is anxiety. prior to 2020, i would have 2 3 anxiety attacks per year heart racing, high bp, uncontrollable crying, sweating, no sleep for days, etc. . a few xanax would break the cycle and id be back to myself in a day or two. 2020 was rough on everyone. my anxiety attacks became more frequent, so i was recommended to go on maintenance meds. since november 2020, i have been prescribed a combination of lexapro, zoloft, cymbalta, wellbutrin, trazodone, mirtazapine, hydroxyzine, seroquel and more. these drugs have not only not helped my anxiety in fact, its so much worse , but since taking them they have caused me consistent physical ticks, involuntary muscle spasms, insomnia, tinnitus, disassociation and suicidal ideations, uncontrollable crying, headaches, blurry vision, diarrhea and other digestive issues, weight gain then weight loss, loss of coordination and balance, loss of motivation, and severe depression. oh, and most recently, hyper sexualizationi literally humped the corner of my dining room table and i am generally a total prude i guess some side effects are not all bad lol who knows what is permanent. and now i might actually be crazy and horny af. i have come to accept that i am going to be alone thru this process, whatever that means. i am fortunate to have people in my life that want to help. but their help does not help me breathe. i cannot breathe. i cannot seem to ever catch my breath any more. and i cannot sleep. oh, sleep. how i miss getting more than 2 hours of true rest on a good night. and stress? the stresses that generally do not bother me just pile up on my shoulders these days. it makes even walking up a flight of stairs what i imagine climbing mt. everest without oxygen would feel like. id rather lay in bed. sometimes i have to and nap in the middle of the day. did i mention i was once an ultra runner? that me is very embarrassed of this me i have called out to my doctors for help and just get passed around. no one that i have worked with yet seems to understand nor appreciate mental health, wellness, and safetyemergency and urgent care personnel, law enforcement, psychiatrists at least those i have seen so far. even my pharmacist punted on my questions.those side effects i brought up earlier? every one i have brought up with my dr has been answered with either a new prescription or assurance that i need to give the medication more time to do its job. i do not trust her my psychiatrist any longer. and when referred to a different psychiatrist for a 2nd opinion that may be good to speak with, i have to wait 8 weeks before they have an available appointment. wtf?honestly, most of the time i do not know how to feel, how i am supposed to feel, or how i am supposed to live knowing that there is really nothing out there meaningful for me. for any of us. i should be happy. satisfied. by all senses of the word, i have achieved someone is vision of success. do not get me wrong i am extremely thankful that my loved ones, pets, friends, colleagues, employees, and i are all healthy. i have an awesome husband, make good money, have a great family, own a home, etc. i even own and operate a successful business and fund a local non profit.but yet i still feel like i have no purpose. i seriously feel so stupid just thinking this way. i am sorry. but every day is the same. the movements throughout are merely a distraction until the day ends and it all starts over again. i tell everyone i am fine because i do not want them to worry. i keep my problems to myself since there is no one to share them with that can relate anyway. its easier to bottle up the feelings so they do not hurt anyone.see what happens when i let them out? this. i am a damn mess. i am better than this. but i cannot control it. any of it. i have been thinking a lot lately. why am i here? why are any of us here? we are so very small in this universe and here for such a short time. its just a distraction until we eventually die. really? life seems like a while lot of effort for nothing. but this understanding makes it easy not to care about anything much anymore. i know i should not be thinking this way. i should feel grateful to wake up every day to what i have. so many others have things so much worse. but i am tired of showing up and being someone else for everyone else. i am tired of simply going thru the motions without real emotion. i am tired of not being able to tell what a real emotion is. i am just tired. but sometimes my dreams are so real that i question which is the waking world versus which is the sleeping world. if it was not for these pills i am taking, i am convinced i would not be here. i did not think they were helping until i stopped taking most of them. but seriously, if i keep take them i feel like i will not be here much longer either. maybe its the pills talking, but nothing feels fine any more. but ill be fine. eventually. maybe. my husband is convinced i do not need any of it. medicine, help, etc. not sure that is the right answer and i am currently a fucking mess. but then again, hes usually right. if you are still here, thanks. i am a disaster and could use a friendly ear
i am just so tired and alone and never thought id really be typing on fucking reddit but i am just all alone. unless you have time id probably just leave this post. it will probably be long and ill probably immediately delete it anyways. alone is a really weird feeling because how can you be alone while technically surrounded? well as someone who has a family who has a couple friends i have no one that i can express myself with. i have no one and nothing. i was going years of not telling anyone anything of the about my mental health and just trying and trying to believe what my dad said everything is mental. even if that is true it does not mean you can control it. they way i think and how i rationalize things has lead me to be so alone. i am sure there is so much more but i feel like it comes from that. from me being too scared to tell anyone anything in fear of them leaving me more alone that i already am. i feel as i am a she will of myself because i am expected to be this person i have spent years and years faking in order to be accepted and liked and wanted and its not me its a form of everything i think i needed to be and i feel as if i am trapped in my own body. any time i ever express real feelings i end up hurting someone or someone elses feelings. right now everything in my body is screaming to stop typing and delete this but if i do that then what. i am already here. i apologize for anything and everything i do even before i do it just out of fear of not being liked and wanted and being alone but then i pause and start to think i have never been liked or wanted its only even beeen the fake me.i was with my ex for 3 years and after a lot of research and trying to self heal i have learned the term grooming and learned that was done to me. out of a sense of love and obligation i allowed myself to basically be stripped of anything good about me or anything i liked or had any interest in in order to be loved and liked to have a family. long story short i lost myself and i did not talk to any friends or family for 3 years and after getting back to them i feel as if i am always auditioning and i am back to doing anything just to have someone around me but now i know that i am not being liked for me and anytime i ever show anything that is truly me i somehow validate my negative thoughts and rationalize them to be right and i know that is wrong but i am 24 7 screaming in my head fighting with thoughts and screaming at me to stop and begging just for some help and weed barely helps anymore. i do not want to drink but drinking is about the only time now when i do not feel sad. and i am able to literally drown out the thoughts. and i cry everytime i think about anything because i now know how sad thais all is and the fact that no one knows except i started telling my mom a tiny bit about the negative thoughts and voices and now all i can think about is how me telling her worried her and scared her and i hate myself even more now and i genuinely did not think that was possible. the problem is, that i do not think i am ad guy or anything like i played plenty of sports growing up and had lots of friends and was popular i guess i had plenty of girlfriends and was actually liked by people and friends but i do not where that went i do not feel like him i do not feel me. i literslly do not feel like me. the only time i ever do is en i am all alone like iwatch videos or listen to music loud enough to anyone can hear it so that they do not think i am weird or i do not honestly even know i just do not want to be alone anymore i want to be liked and wanted for me and i do not see that happening ever. i feel too much pressure to even talk to anyone let alone be around them for longer than a passing by. i feel as if i am being shown pity anytime anyone talks to me or is around me. i feel as if its all just to make me feel better. vs actually wanting to be around me for me. i do not think i am good anymore and i think its over honestly. i am just so tired of everything and the pressures and the feelings that come with literally opening my mouth or being around anyone. if i am not alone i cannot laugh without crying on the inside. i literally stop myself from laughing or feeling good by non stop negative thoughts pounding in my head and i scream and scream stop and help but i cannot get them out. i rationalize all of them and believe them to be logical and true and i am even in more pain that i am already in. i am so tireeeed please help actually i do not need help i just want to be wanted? no one understand the person i am. i try to express myself at times and it only ever leads to others getting hurt from my feelings. i feel as if i am not good enough anymore unless i am alone but i am tired of being alone. alone is painful alone is basically like being around 2849472937293637494 people who hate you and are telling you why at every second and thinking that everyone hates you or that they pity you or doing a favor or anything. i spend every waking moment trying to make others happy because when i do that i can at least know that for that second that person knows that it was me that made them happy. and its getting to the point where i am running out of energy for everything i can barely finish laughs i can barely be in a public setting especially not sober. i am sorry for burdening everyone with this i could have kept going but its getting hard to type with all the tears. i hope everyone is okay always if anyone needs any help please let me know ill do whatever i can to help somebody not feel any percent of this. i seriously will. idk why i am even typing this.
alright, so first i have to admit that my biggest need in life is to feel loved. not just loved, but to have someone that finds me attractive and is turned on by me and my body. including my penis. now, when i was younger. say, teen and young adult. i really did not care too much about my penis size. sure i would be a bit embarressed by it and was always one to hold off on sexual activities until i had been with a girl for a little while. but it did not because depression. i am in my 30's now and my life experiances has taken me from thinking size is not everything to litterally crying more often then i would like to admit over my penis size. i am a grower first off. and at full staff its not too bad i guess. below average but not micro by any means. but soft its less then an inch for sure. in fact. when i am sitting down its litterally inside me. anyway. because of this i have never been much for one night stands or to go around having sex with lots of woman. with the exeption of twice in my life, i have just been a long term relationship type. i have had 4 previous relationships one was marriage for almost 10 years . and i am on my 5th currently. all 4 of those, i was cheated on. multiple times. my ex wife i had even found that she was telling the other guys that i was small and she did not get turned on my it. taking something i was already a little self consious about, and adding in that every girlfriend i have had has cheated on me. i am now very needy in terms of exeptence of my penis size. my current relationship, we have sex once or twice a month and that is it. she says she is just not a very sexual person. but see, we were friends before we started dating and, she used to talk about loving to give blowjobs, and she even had a fwb just because she loved giving them so much she had someone she could just go suck any time she wanted. so i cannot help but feel like its me. like i have an underwelling penis that just does not get her going. my life at this point revolves around my self loathing over my penis size. i feel like the one thing i need more then anything i can never have because no girl gets excited about small penis'. the best i hear is woman that say they do not mind it. or that it does not matter to them. but i clearly have never even found that. i do love my current girlfriend and she is good to me any many non sexual ways. and i feel i cannot give my true feelings to her because that might seem like guilt tripping and when it comes to sex, guilt tripping someone, in many ways, is a bit..... well... i cannot think of the word so i will use an example. a guy that guilts a woman into sex because she gave him blue balls would be considered a pig right? so i feel like if i talked about this with her it would be similar. like..... oh you should have sex with me more because i need to feel like my penis size is ok.... i just cannot do that. i do not feel right about it. even if i know in my head that is not my reason. in my head i am not doing it as a guilt trip. that is still kind of too close to the same category. so i sit here. so damned depressed that i cannot even take care of myself when i feel the urge sometimes. i feel sad and like i will never feel truly loved and desired. you know, let us talk about porn for a moment. i am not one to use it when i am in a relationship. but i had a few years between my ex and my current girl to have watched a bit and really dig around to see what is out there. and i am starting to cave a bit and use it from time to time just because of how in frequent we have sex. but the point of bringing up porn is this.... there is fetishes for basically everything. feet fetishes. old people. fat people. short people. tall people. big boobs. small boobs. ect ect. i mean the list is endless. but you know what i cannot find? a porn fetish catagory for woman that like small dicks. you can find a fetish for woman that like to be pee'd on and deficated on. but not that like small penis'. in fact. the only small penis fetish i can find is humiliation. which is the last thing i want to see and just know that its out there depresses me even more. its depressing to think that every woman i have ever been with has been so displeased by it that they decided to go find a bigger one to play with on the side. i tried anonymous video sites a few times when i was single and that left me crying every time. you find a girl that wants to cam with you. and as soon as she see's what i am working with, she either clicks off immediatly, or she stays to laugh and call it small. there was one time that i thought that maybe witholding the information that i had a small dick until the relationship was a few weeks old or more was my problem. so when i was talking to this one girl, i waiting for her to bring up sex in the conversation and when she finally did, i informed her i was small. she asked for a picture so i sent her one. she litterally just stopped replying. never heard from her again. like. i genuinly feel like maybe they feel like they have been scammed or something. start a relationship with me. i seem like a good boyfriend. and then bam. small dick. i do not know what to do. i know i should not put so much into my penis size. but my life experiances has caused this and i can no longer convince myself its ok. i can no longer believe size does not matter. or its the motion of the ocean. or that looks are not everything. or that you can make up for it in bed with other things like mouth skills and so on. i just want someone to genuinly like my penis. and i will never have that. small member causing major depression
i wish i could just sigh and release everything but to be honest, all i really want in this life is to just be loved. to have someone who can actually touch me, most times i associate that with romance. amp x200b but it has been so long since the last time someone even touched my skin. the last time was 3 months ago and that was a mere millisecond of contact during a routine checkup. the nurse accidentally touched my arm for a brief moment when putting the blood pressure cuff on. how sad is it that i remember that after 3 months?! amp x200b that was the only physical contact i have had in nearly 3 years and you wonder why i am constantly thinking about suicide? is it not obvious? amp x200b i just want to know what it is like to receive affection on a regular basis. but it is too much to ask and i know it is. i cannot do slow . not only have i been cut off from physical contact, i have also been cut off from social interaction with pretty much anyone. amp x200b i do not know anyone where i live, i only have my brother and our relationship is more akin to roommates than anything. seeing as how i am just a caretaker for him really, since he refuses to do anything for himself. amp x200b i frequently think about just getting out of here, away from him because i am not his fucking housewife nor his maid. but if i do not cook, then we do not eat. if i do not clean, we get infested with gnats and flies. amp x200b seems every day is just the same. wake up, try to figure out how to make my own mind a bit better, sit around, cook dinner and clean up and that is about all i can muster. amp x200b this life has taken so much from me and all i have ever asked for was love. i have never cared for possessions nor money nor anything else, just love. amp x200b it was a nice ideal while it lasted, i suppose. because in this world, love has to be the last thing you want. you got to want the money and the job and the possessions first. cannot really function in society without those things. amp x200b and yet, even as i have grown older, i still do not want much of anything from your world. 99.999999 of it is completely and entirely useless. amp x200b just basic stuff, you know? like a phone, an internet connection, a cooler, a place to call home, a tv, some form of entertainment like video games or whatever, a bed, really simple things. you could toss in some gadgets if you like baking and stuff and throw in a musical instrument or whatever but you get the point. it is a very minimalist type of lifestyle. amp x200b how ironic, i suppose. i try to live with the least amount possible and by doing so, i have the least amount of people in my life as well. who would have thought? amp x200b i try to change, i try to convince myself that i can change. but i am still stuck here, in this reality and i cannot lie to myself. i cannot redirect my thoughts nor shift them, it is all the same as lying. amp x200b in honesty, i just do not want anything anymore. i want to want, but i do not want. the motivation is not strong enough to get me out of my head. i doubt much of anything ever could be. amp x200b i have tried every single thing i could find. breathing techniques, bridging negative thoughts, cognitive behavioral therapy, i am even currently in therapy, i am taking medication every day and i suppose that is a 1 for me. i am starting to kind of build a morning routine and i am starting to take better care of myself but none of it is making any difference! amp x200b i am still alone!! i am still useless!! i still have not been touched in an ungodly amount of time!! i get the slightest hint of attention and i am like a fucking lost puppy! i will follow you off a fucking cliff!! amp x200b none of this is factually making anything about my life better. i am still miserable, i am still addicted to video games and youtube and now reddit has fallen in along the lines so i guess you all are just going to need to ban me. so i can do more constructive things with my life. amp x200b as if i want to be cleaning up this fucking apartment that my brother has no problem in trashing but will barely lift a finger to actually help!! and it is just everything!! amp x200b i do not know how i am supposed to do all of this and be this person that i am not and i have to do it all alone because i am so fucking worthless and i have made some real shit decisions in my life! amp x200b i do not know how i am supposed to have hope when someone comes into my life for a brief moment and then leaves after i pour out the darkest parts of me. amp x200b i do not know how i am supposed to believe that things can get better when i am not seeing any real results from anything i am doing. my teeth are getting a bit whiter, so i guess that is the only real plus there. amp x200b i do not know how i am supposed to integrate back into society when the smallest amount of attention makes me feel like i am going to explode and if that gets cut off... you can kiss all this progress goodbye. amp x200b i have been starved for most of my life. in one way or another, or multiple ways. but i cannot ask people to understand that. i have to be the one to change and i cannot make that change without experience to back up the habits and since i am so damn sensitive to attention because i am so fucking starved, people do not want to connect with me. it is a fucking self fulfilling loop of neverending negative feedback and experience but i am supposed to just be ok with it. amp x200b yeah, it is ok. it is ok. i do not mind. just go ahead and walk away, i do not mind. i do not mind. it is been awhile
i am sitting here after my first week of my new job, i got a raise but i am not excited. i scrub toilets now.. my car was carjacked about 2 months ago with me in it a month after purchasing it.. throwing myself from the vehicle we lost everything we had with us phones, bags, some identity etc... after 8 months ago my last vehicle was stolen from my apartment complex one morning .....a week after purchasing it.. this is no exaggeration. and you may not know me.. i was a full time college student till covid 19 forced me to drop out due to my learning disability preventing me from taking online courses, the school had switched to all online learning and i have fallen behind due to fear of affecting my grades and learning opportunities.. also not having a car was not going to work.. i was going to school for medicine, sociology and criminology. i want to be a surgeon or a drug rehab specialist with a psychology major.. i also act and model and make music for my dreams.. i want to change the world and bring my creations to millions to enjoy but also learn from and be strong from. to inspire.. i want to be a good person,, i i a good person and i do not understand why everything is so dark.everything is against me. i am so tired... one thing after the other. . i can barely stand waking up in the mornings.. i bought blades and lidocaine because i am just tired. i am falling back into my had habits like not eating and obsessive little habits are creeping back into my life.. i am having nightmares and i can barely hear what people are saying to me.. delayed reactions and my slouching is worse than ever and i can feel it hurting me but i cannot care enough to force myself to try and sit up. it is starting to make my gi issues worse yet i cannot convince myself.. i am sick and disgusting every day. my gi issues are annoying and make me feel like scum..i cannot even go days without vomiting or getting sick from stomach acid and weak.. my mom is basically killing herself slowly. she drinks 2 pints a day and chain smokes and is currently suffering from some sort of internal bleeding while skipping a surgery she needed last year and is counting on death. i am left to clean up the messy house when she does not and the bills have fallen behind to an absolute bomb.. i am 23 and i am the head of house hold.. i cannot do this anymore. her old abusive narcissistic habits come out when she is drunk and she snaps at me or shuts me down. and my whole body shuts down i feel stupid and like i am not myself when she triggers those old things.. i was homeless last year 2x and before was evicted from our family home when my mom divorced her fiance of 15 years one night in the garage, he then got us kicked out of our home because he was so vindictive. and now he is keeping my brothers away from my mom and me. we have not seen them except maybe 4 times this year when the court order says they have to be here a of the week. my boyfriend is ignoring me every day now.. after i spent nights with him holding his head up scared of him o.ding.. he pops in and out and now will not listen to me when i complain about what needs to be fixed.. he will not visit me when his father said he would be fine witv taking him to my house while he is at work so he could spend a few hours over here every other day.. but has never once taken the offer.. he did not show up for my birthday.. or our anniversary and i am falling apart. as i write this i feel suicidal and he is not here for me.. our date was tonight but i have not spoke to him in 15 hours.. he did not even tell me we were not doing to today and now i am just hurt because i did not even get an update. and he was not even going to be actually seeing me he said it would be a virtual date. but we live in the same state and he is treating me like a long distance xbox girlfriend... my friends left the state and i have been canceling projects.. i have been laying in bed sad and barely eating.. even the weed is not helping. i hate myself. i cannot even remember what i look like on a good day and looking in the mirror is unbearable, covered in scars and cannot even finish school. i cannot even keep a car or keep my partner interested in me. i am a whiney fuckinf bitch. i feel crazy because i cannot tell if my partner is stringing me along or actually just going through something.. and i feel like i am mean and wrong for feeling the way i do. like i cannot even speak to him because he does not even look at me when i tell him he is not being very attentive to me or the relationship.. sometimes he does not kiss me when i ask or pulls away from me.. we have not had sex in almost 10 months it was one reason and now it is another.. but he is asked a girl in the past for inappropriate photos.. if he was excited to see some random photo why cannot he be excited for me what is wrong with me.. he does not even touch me like he used to.. i cannot even call him he does not ever pick up for my phone calls when i call him.. he even tells me he lost his phone some times... he does not work he does not go to school he plays xbox and never leaves his mom.home and plays with online friends? but is too depressed to talk to me i feel like i am the problem and everyone hates mei'm honestly just not wanting to be here any more and it is really starting to hurt me.. it is like the world is pushing me to take my life and i am really starting to believe it.. i was supposed to fucking die as an infant maybe it is true have not felt this low in a while..
i wrote this just so fast, and then decided to share it here. some things might not make sense. i added notes to explain them. is quite long. hey uhm no. not okay. that is not news. i feel like i need to do it, take it. no, not my life. the freaking pen. and just write.my essays, and assignments. and then, suddenly, is not a matter of ideas but of endurance. for how long can i do this? for how long until i collapse?and keep going regardless of the answers.i am shaking. and i had all sorts of thoughts that owuld be qualified for a decent diagnosis. i think i have depression, but i am so afraid of getting diagnosed . what do i want? a diagnosis?i just want it to be managed. and i can do that. quietly. without not so many people noticing. and its good, then.i see their smiles and trust. i would not ever like to break it. ha. under normal conditions, i would not. nowadays i sort of do not care. i am so numb i am fucking slow at realising stuff. i do, and do, and take for granted, and think and think. and then yeah, then i am on the speedrun or shut down mood. i am a student, on one of those highly competitive programs? yeah i do not really know what i want. do i want help? do i need help? regardless, i do not have time for it. they say, is just stress. everybody goes through it, you snowflake.so i waste my time at trying to feel better. coping. whatever.and then i can suddenly do it. even if for a brief moment. i can do it. and its alright.i never know what to do exactly. usually i just end up doing things. and that is bad.it can work. and people laugh. it does not work. and there is that frustrated silence.why do they trust me so much? what they do not see that makes them believe in me? why do everyone keeps saying i can?right. because i have, before. i did it. once. and i just it just went badly. but it was completed.and my fingers are cold, as cold as that night. that night when i almost drowned in cold water. and solved some things bc i felt so, so guilty . it should make me tremble, nervous, cry. but compared to all the previous things i have wrote here it kind of makes me calm.death. mom, did you know, i spent lots of time thinking about death? aunt, would it break your heart?everyone, am i just exaggerating this? right, this is actually a valid concern, is not it? i that is why i shared it here. i do not know if i want validation or to be told man up i am such a fake. with people, that i am nice. with teachers, a good student. parents and family, a usual angsty teen that is kind of happy and good at school.but you know who i am?i just have good ideas once and then.i take pride on them. i like them. and then, ha. they die. of course. die, as if, they become useless die. die. die. die. and no, this is not a joke. not a joke.not a joke. not a joke. not a joker. the joker, uh... i made a painting of him. and i am mostly funny with my friends... they sort of associate me a lot to that character. but as in, a meme. it is not always a meme for me . this is though, such a farse. i could not. all those times i tried, were so damn ineffective. and i realise, that is not what i want. i do not want to end it. i really do not want to have a gun around and kill myself with it. i do not want to because it will be stupid.such a stupid thing for someone who just needs to cope and develop some good problem solving skills. i heard that is what i need, plus, to organize my time and shit, i am so damn exhausted. but what have i done? shit. nothing. shit.just do not do it. remember lovely by twenty one pilots? it is a song that makes me just snap out of circling. that happened here please uh wait. i just need to do shit. not think. so take your pills, you loony. i do not take pills, but yesterday i saw a documentary on them, and pills for anxiety, panic attacks, zoloft for depression... i think that if i get diagnosed, i will need to take them. and i just do not want to depend on them to live take them. drug you. smile. do. write. get collected. admissions.oh this is quite a nice story, is not it. just. die. right. i do not mean actually taking my life. i mean... i just find it comforting, to know that either way i will be old, and then die. so maybe i do not need to take it. so maybe my time is more limited than i though. and maybe i can extend the good things for longer. does that happen to any of you? die but do shit before. and try not to tell anyone you want to die. like, yes. i want to make the most out of my life. i do not think people would respect me as much if i tell them that sometimes i think of stupid things like these. if i do have depression, i have been hiding it for 4 years now. i am really got at lying, you see no for golden child or lost child. eh, idk which rol i fullfil in my family. it worries me sometimes. other's i just say no, no, my family is healthy but then again, they do not know anything about any of this. and whenever they were close to finding out... damn. do not you be all that way. is frankly ridiculous. just.. idk. just do not. just let your fingers get warmer. and listen to your teacher. and avoid getting there, outside. while typing this, i stopped shaking and feeling cold. i am on virtual math class. my brother went to take the rubbish outside. i do not handle responsibilities like those at home. i criticize myself a lot for it, but at the end i cannot do it. yet, is also pretty much do not show your face to anyone so no help, no zoom camera, no one at home stay here. and do shit . spinning thoughts vent
i wrote this just so fast, and then decided to share it here. some things might not make sense. i added notes to explain them. is quite long. hey uhm no. not okay. that is not news. i feel like i need to do it, take it. no, not my life. the freaking pen. and just write.my essays, and assignments. and then, suddenly, is not a matter of ideas but of endurance. for how long can i do this? for how long until i collapse?and keep going regardless of the answers.i am shaking. and i had all sorts of thoughts that owuld be qualified for a decent diagnosis. i think i have depression, but i am so afraid of getting diagnosed . what do i want? a diagnosis?i just want it to be managed. and i can do that. quietly. without not so many people noticing. and its good, then.i see their smiles and trust. i would not ever like to break it. ha. under normal conditions, i would not. nowadays i sort of do not care. i am so numb i am fucking slow at realising stuff. i do, and do, and take for granted, and think and think. and then yeah, then i am on the speedrun or shut down mood. i am a student, on one of those highly competitive programs? yeah i do not really know what i want. do i want help? do i need help? regardless, i do not have time for it. they say, is just stress. everybody goes through it, you snowflake.so i waste my time at trying to feel better. coping. whatever.and then i can suddenly do it. even if for a brief moment. i can do it. and its alright.i never know what to do exactly. usually i just end up doing things. and that is bad.it can work. and people laugh. it does not work. and there is that frustrated silence.why do they trust me so much? what they do not see that makes them believe in me? why do everyone keeps saying i can?right. because i have, before. i did it. once. and i just it just went badly. but it was completed.and my fingers are cold, as cold as that night. that night when i almost drowned in cold water. and solved some things bc i felt so, so guilty . it should make me tremble, nervous, cry. but compared to all the previous things i have wrote here it kind of makes me calm.death. mom, did you know, i spent lots of time thinking about death? aunt, would it break your heart?everyone, am i just exaggerating this? right, this is actually a valid concern, is not it? i that is why i shared it here. i do not know if i want validation or to be told man up i am such a fake. with people, that i am nice. with teachers, a good student. parents and family, a usual angsty teen that is kind of happy and good at school.but you know who i am?i just have good ideas once and then.i take pride on them. i like them. and then, ha. they die. of course. die, as if, they become useless die. die. die. die. and no, this is not a joke. not a joke.not a joke. not a joke. not a joker. the joker, uh... i made a painting of him. and i am mostly funny with my friends... they sort of associate me a lot to that character. but as in, a meme. it is not always a meme for me . this is though, such a farse. i could not. all those times i tried, were so damn ineffective. and i realise, that is not what i want. i do not want to end it. i really do not want to have a gun around and kill myself with it. i do not want to because it will be stupid.such a stupid thing for someone who just needs to cope and develop some good problem solving skills. i heard that is what i need, plus, to organize my time and shit, i am so damn exhausted. but what have i done? shit. nothing. shit.just do not do it. remember lovely by twenty one pilots? it is a song that makes me just snap out of circling. that happened here please uh wait. i just need to do shit. not think. so take your pills, you loony. i do not take pills, but yesterday i saw a documentary on them, and pills for anxiety, panic attacks, zoloft for depression... i think that if i get diagnosed, i will need to take them. and i just do not want to depend on them to live take them. drug you. smile. do. write. get collected. admissions.oh this is quite a nice story, is not it. just. die. right. i do not mean actually taking my life. i mean... i just find it comforting, to know that either way i will be old, and then die. so maybe i do not need to take it. so maybe my time is more limited than i though. and maybe i can extend the good things for longer. does that happen to any of you? die but do shit before. and try not to tell anyone you want to die. like, yes. i want to make the most out of my life. i do not think people would respect me as much if i tell them that sometimes i think of stupid things like these. if i do have depression, i have been hiding it for 4 years now. i am really got at lying, you see no for golden child or lost child. eh, idk which rol i fullfil in my family. it worries me sometimes. other's i just say no, no, my family is healthy but then again, they do not know anything about any of this. and whenever they were close to finding out... damn. do not you be all that way. is frankly ridiculous. just.. idk. just do not. just let your fingers get warmer. and listen to your teacher. and avoid getting there, outside. while typing this, i stopped shaking and feeling cold. i am on virtual math class. my brother went to take the rubbish outside. i do not handle responsibilities like those at home. i criticize myself a lot for it, but at the end i cannot do it. yet, is also pretty much do not show your face to anyone so no help, no zoom camera, no one at home stay here. and do shit . spinning thoughts vent
i do not know what to do. i have been depressed and anxious for about 6 months now. the last time i was depressed i was a 16 year old kid who was scared about what was to come in life. i cut my wrist when my parents were not home. my brother took me to the hospital. i did not have any friends at the time. i did not talk much with my family either. i somehow picked my self up and started working out and focusing on school. i got better. i was completely out of depression. but it is back now and the working out and focussing on work thing does not work anymore. i am very angry about covid. i only got to stay 6 months away from home in my college where i had full freedom, before it was all stolen away and i had to come back home. my house is comfortable and i have the privilege of privacy in my own room, good food, etc. i had a boyfriend when the pandemic started. we were incredibly close. i loved him more than anything in the world and i know he loved me too. when the pandemic started we were not able to meet. so we texted a lot. we were also horny so we sexted a lot too. the sexts got extreme over a few weeks when one day he made up a sext story about raping me. that scared the shit out of me. i trusted him with anything and everything and this was the last thing i expected from him. i told him that and he apologized but the story kept eating me. if he could think all that then he might do it too? i told myself and him that we love each other and just need some time to get over this. but i could not get over it, i tried to continue loving him but it was gone. i was repulsed by the very touch of him. i had to break up. i started talking to a guy who i used to hook up with. we started hooking up again and we got very close. but the whole staying at home thing was getting the best of me and i became very irritable and i picked on small things and fought a lot. one of those fights got intense and he told me we were done. i could not take it. i could not fathom the thought of being alone again. i did not have any other people who i could be remotely close with. i fought more and begged him and fought more. in one of the fights he told me that he only cared about the sex and everything else was just stupid. that hurt me because i had started to fall for him and i wanted to date him. i cried some more and told myself to stay away. but two days later he texts me asking me to be his girlfriend. he apologized for the things he said and told me that he did not mean any of it. i said yes. we have been dating for a month now and i am not a big fan. he is busy all day with work and gaming at night. he barely texts me and even when he does, there is nothing interesting to talk about. even if we do manage to find a good topic, it feels like he is fighting with me or he just makes jokes on my expense.all of my college work is online and due to these relationship problems and being cooped up in my room, i have not been able to learn much or do good work. i am only getting mediocre marks and doing work just to get it over with. i have days when i am uncontrollably crying all the time. today is one such day. i also have anxiety now. it is very new and scary and exhausting. i do not know how to deal with it. a couple of good things happen every now and then but i am never able to appreciate them. i keep crying about how everything sucks in life. i want someone to help me. i want someone to pick me up and tell me it is going to be okay and that they love me. i do not know where i am going with my career either. my family have started to pressure me into getting married and i do not want to ever get married. i have to move out as soon as i graduate which means i need money. i am working as an intern and getting a little bit of money but if i want to move out soon i will have to make so much more money. the depression and anxiety is sucking the life out of me. all my energy is being used up to stay sane and eat and sleep regularly. i have no energy left to be creative with my work. i keep missing my first boyfriend every now and then. i keep having thoughts about going back to him even tho i cannot stand being intimate with him just because we had some very good times together. he made me feel safe and happy until it ended. i want to learn how to be alone and happy. but i keep seeking support and attention. dating apps are not helping because everyone is way too horny. i have two girlfriends who i talk to every now and then and i have told them everything and they have helped loads. but i cannot seem to be happy. i cannot continue crying to them, it will get very annoying for them. thank you so much for reading this, i feel better typing all this out but i still have no idea what to do to make myself appreciate whatever is available to me. i tried a couple sessions of therapy which did not help much but i cannot afford more. i have to save money to move out and my family cannot help because they will not understand mental issues.i am trying my best to get into hobbies and work out and socialize with people. i just want to learn to enjoy being alone and have energy to do good work. i also want to have good friendships and relationships. i do not want to die, i want things to get better.if you have any advice as to how to handle myself when i am crying uncontrollably hating everybody and calling myself an ugly stupid piece of shit, please let me know. thank you everything that is happening is either sad or boring or scary.
complex i know. i love reddit, its the last place you think to find support and answers and often the first where you find them. i am 23, since 16 i have been mostly on my own, been good at taking care of myself so family stopped bothering to care for me at 17. they left me alone at 17 for a year in a strange country while i worked 2 full time jobs and had the pressure of perfect grades. all because i wanted that perfect life. the fucking american dream hits once again.i do not have many friends, i have never been popular and i felt alone most of my life. clinged to the first girl that loved me at 16 and ended up with a classic if you leave ill kill myself she left. and i tried. not successfully evidently. 20 hits, i move to college, first goal achieved, enter drugs, party and social life. god weed is like that checkpoint timer in the arcades for me, always giving me and extra 30s of life. then acid came, glucy is so good, in the process i found friends or more like stupid kids that like to do those stupid things too. and i loved it, what else is there? you wake up, eat trashy food, get high, do some more drugs with a group of friends, you all laugh about whatever and suddenly you had the greatest night of your life. but for how long?i was always the last one to stop. the last one at the party. the last one to stop being irresponsible and getting back to my responsibilities. the last one to wake up. and i got dropped from the university. and again, goals. i lied, no one even knew, i took a job, started clases at the community college, got clean from smoking weed daily, doing stupid drugs like acid, coke or combining stuff. or just the ocasional monday at 4pm bowl i was used to. and it was good, a girl from this group and i became close, 2 lost souls found purpose each other. she saves me, i save her. all the while no one is saving anyone really. i got back to school, different attitude, i grew up 3 years in 6 months. i did not want to party because i knew i would end up in that spiral again. i started staying in more and more, forgot about friends and stayed with her. she became the only person in my life. the pandemic helped, what was a choice before became an obligation. we stay in only you and me and we enjoy life. i started smoking again, daily, multiple times. april may 2020 i do not remember not being high at all. but once i got back to work oh yeah i had been working full time nights for over a year while going to school i was able to maintain smoking, working, studying. barely. but it was functional. i kept losing friends, people became strange for me. i started staying in more and more, but now not even her i would talk to. i would stay quiet, play my game, smoke my weed, watch my movies. and i stopped feeling. i think i watched too many tv shows, the perfect group of friends, living in a big city, challenged through life. this shows are for the priviledged ones. i never mentioned, all my friends in college. came from wealthy families, i was the poor one. no one ever pointed that out, i always felt it. it was like, they had a family backing them, they could be stupid and not worry about food tomorrow. i was the opposite, i resented them, but i wished i could be them. so i adopted their lifestyle and convinced myself i could by my own means put myself in their level. it was a challenge, and it was exciting. my goal was, i graduate, i key a high paying job, i move to a big city. i live the big city life and i become another one, not happy not sad, just another one with a life to carry him over not the other way around. so we set goals, me and her would finish school, get good paying jobs she is well off and her family can support her so she could afford to pursue her dreams and i always felt i could not i took for granted that she was going to make it, she was the smart one, the one with the good grades, with the degree. it did not work. she moved back overseas where she came from. i was left alone. so i worked, i did my all to move to the big city. i am here, i have it. the good job, the financial stability, the big city, the opportunities, the freedom to do whatever i want. i feel zero. i feel like nothing ever changed. i feel like i just kept pointlessly reaching for that checkpoint seconds. i just kept adding and adding 30 seconds one at the time. but i have no sense, no purpose, i withdrew from everyone. everyone is gone, i am nothing but an afterthought. my best friends do not even bother and many of our conversations end with you do whatever you want dude is your life were here for you but i learned that the people who are here for you do not mention it. they just are. its been a while since i have been suicidal. before it was an anguish, i wanted to make it stop. today i do not want that, i want to start it, to feel, to have something happen. i fill my time off work with irrational amounts of drugs. no one even knows, all they think is i smoke but i have about tried anything to make myself feel again. i am so forgotten no one noticed when i started buying pills. i could die alone in a city of 3 million people, no family nearby no friend to notice until i am truly gone. if i wanted i could say goodbye tonight, no one to really stop me. however, at the end, all i want, is to get high, feel that soft breeze in my face when your chasing, that brief moment of enjoyment where there is nothing but being relaxed. i could die tonight but all i want is to get high.
i have been struggling with depression for at least 7 years now and recently got professionally diagnosed by a psychiatrist which was scary and infuriating.this whole year was a shitshow, my grandma who raised me for 1 2 of my childhood died, dad got into the hospital 3 times, my whole family got sick... moved out from my parents' house and started living alone in the city. we had uni online only and i could not go out much almost all year, there were periods where i did not talk to anyone for weeks. all of my routines went to shit, and when the depression episode hit it lasted more than the usual couple of weeks 1 2 months 11 fucking months and counting. there were periods where i could not do anything, just self medicated, cried, or felt nothing for months and tried to distract myself.this is a huge problem since i am in medical school, 2nd year, and have to study a lot. i could compensate for those depressive episodes in high school but not in uni. i hate to admit i have a problem outside of my control so for a long time i was saying to myself that i am a lazy stupid undisciplined bitch and should work harder. so i pushed myself, tried every technique, routine, schedule under the sun, studied all day and it got so much worse. and despite being close to killing myself 2 times in the past, having almost all of the symptoms of depression, i still did not believe i had a mental illness. because i am so much better than that, right? i am not an emotional person so how could i have a mood disorder. i used to have generalized anxiety and panic disorder from when i was 6 until i was about 17 and got over them by myself, so i thought i can get over this alone too.only when i started being suicidal, like i did not only not want to live but thought that killing myself eventually is inevitable since i am never going to become better , really wanted to do it, i thought of asking for help. called a couple of therapists but they were either unavailable or straight up bailed on me. cut myself, drank my cool russian vodka straight from the bottle, smoked a pack of malboros and decided to suck it up at least after my exams were over. grandma died a week before the 1st one and i had to console my family, take care of the house and support my mom and dad emotionally. all while trying to cover 260 topics from anatomy in 10 days. for this exam and the next ones, i was way too depressed to study but studied anyway with my 0 energy, 0 concentration, and 100 motivation. somewhere between the exams i kind of lost it and cut myself again with my pocket knife and it took me 2 days to clean up the mess since i did not have bandages and just made the bathroom and hall look like a murder scene. slept a lot. my average each semester in the beginning of the depression and before it was all as and now it dropped to a fucking c. so i decided to be stubborn and try to get help again and found a psychiatrist, who had a lot of recommendations and good reviews. started zoloft. since then i am either sleeping, having debilitating migraines or crying because of how helpless i feel. since the year is over and i am on summer break my friends are calling me to go out, i got asked out on a few dates, i have to start work at the hospital. i am so fucking angry, man. it is so hard to make myself do any of this, i am extremely privileged and worked my ass off to be where i am....only to not feel any joy in life and want to disappear. i have parents who love me, i have amazing friends, i got into my first choice medical school to study medicine, i get to live alone, i have so many opportunities in front of me and no real problems to worry about and yet i am so fucking weak and pathetic that i cannot enjoy any of it. my brain is bad and i do not know why the only explanation i was given is that my serotonin levels were low, it was a chemical imbalance, etc . i want to be so much better, as a friend, as a daughter, as a doctor in training, but i am what i do and everything i do now is a huge fucking disappointment to everyone. i feel like a fly jamming itself into a window trying to get out. it would be so funny if it was not devastating. all of my personality, ambitions, drive, enthusiasm, energy, pleasure go away because a couple of neurotransmitters are not doing their jobs. and i cannot fix it with hard work, cannot get over it through willpower and telling myself i suck, cannot ignore it. i miss feeling alive and wanting to be. now i feel like an absence of a person, a puppet to my shitty brain, who is just trying to minimize damage.wrote this whole thing to avoid cutting myself again since i have no mop. was forced to tell my father i have depression over the phone at that , he was shocked, felt bad and was so supportive in the end. showing any kind of vulnerability, especially in front of my dad, makes me want to break every bone in my body afterward anyway, promised him and myself that i am going to be better and felt so bad about it. how can i make promises about things i cannot really control? what if the zoloft does not help, all i get is the side effects, and i continue being more and more depressed? i hate that i cannot trust myself and have to hope and believe that things will get better eventually. i feel so trapped, directionless, alone and tired and i have no right to feel like this. rant i hate myself but this time i cannot use it as fuel in any meaningful way tw self harm, suicide?
okay, so to start off, i am a pretty depressed individual. been mildly suicidal for many years and would rather be dead than live my life. i am aware that i have made my own mistakes in life. amp x200b the root of my depression lies in the fact that i have a terminally ill dad. i also had severe cystic acne which left a ton of scars on my face, so you can guess how my social life is. before my cystic acne, i was actually an outgoing and friendly individual, but then after the horrible 10 years of cystic acne and now their scars, i have become an introverted jerk that does not even like people looking at him. amp x200b to top it all off, i was studying for jobs before the pandemic began, and now because of that, the exams have all been thrown off schedule for an entire year, and my prep has gone to shit. so i am also jobless. amp x200b oh and yes, the aforementioned terminal illness that my father has? i also might possibly have it in the future because i took some tests and i have the factors within me. amp x200b so currently, since my dad is also off his job because of the illness, and i am jobless, my mom is the sole bread winner of our family. this alone puts so much of stress on me. most days, i feel like i cannot do shit because of the depression. i feel like all my efforts are in vain. amp x200b so you can see that i am not exactly a happy person. but all the reasons mentioned above are not why i have come to rant in here. no, that reason is my grandma. amp x200b i have three grandmas. sisters. the oldest of them the current grandma in question , is just that, old. so she is kind of senile. she also cannot hear a thing we have to literally shout in her ear to tell her something , and she forgets most of everything after some time. i do not even talk with her, i just nod or shake my head when she asks me something because she cannot hear a thing. amp x200b so first off, she cannot hear a thing, and then when she does hear a thing, she forgets it after a few minutes. so you can see how frustrating it is already, right? now, she is also convinced that her own sisters the other two are thieves, so she is constantly cursing them when she is alone in her room. and since i am at home the whole day, i constantly hear her cursing. this constant cursing just gives me so much stress. amp x200b she also has the pains that every old person gets, you know, in the joints, etc. she has intense pain in her left eye socket, for which btw we have taken her to several doctors and tho they have given us vitamins and whatnot, they have said that pain is mostly psychological. gran ofcourse, does not know any of this, so she constantly asks for medicine, constantly complains of the pain, constantly calls me again and again and again, either to ask for some medicine which i have given her like ten minutes ago or to tell me to call a doctor, or to complain how her legs or her eyes are paining. amp x200b at first, yes, it is pitiful and you feel sad when an old person complains of such pain, right? you do what you can to make that pain go away. but when this thing goes on for months and months and months. when you hear her constantly complaining, constantly cursing, constantly calling your name..... how do you think it feels? amp x200b like absolute hell. that is what. and i love her. she is like a second mom to me, she practically raised. so i am in such a dilemma. i feel guilty the whole day because she asks for medicine, but when i say no because she is already taken them she starts cursing me too. calling me selfish, etc. it is makes my blood boil,because i have my own depression killing me on the inside and then there is her on the outside. i sometimes feel like slapping her, because her curses are so nasty. imagine loving someone but also feeling so angry that you just want to punch them in the face. what moral dilemma that puts you into. how guilty that makes you feel. and since i cannot go out because of my social insecurity thanks to a face full of horrible acne scars, i am at home all day. and she keeps calling only me. even if my whole family is there, she only calls me. over and over and over. to repeat the same question did i take my medicine? . i know it is not her fault. that she cannot control it. but that even worse you know. because you can even blame them and yet they make you want to kill yourself. so please, any advice? what am i supposed to do? i feel like a jerk all day. like i am a nasty person..... amp x200b and what is more, because of dad's illness, he is also frustrated, right, and so he also behaves like a jerk towards everyone always angry, short tempered, thinks only he is correct, etc so voila! another person who is angry at me and insults me all the time but i cannot do anything because he is sick. i have to understand. amp x200b but who the fuck is going to understand me? who the fuck is going to understand that i also have depression? that i also feel angry. whenever i show my anger, the other members of my family guilt me by saying that i am supposed to understand, that those others that i am angry at, are sick, etc. i just wish i would never been born tbh. that i never existed. then i would not have had to face all these shitty situations. i never even asked to exist. to be born. amp x200b so please any input is appreciated. thank you. some advice please. because i am seriously losing itvhere
i feel completely lost with things. too many overwhelming things have happened at once and i feel like there is so much that i cannot even process it anymore. i have kept everything together for my friends and family but i just feel like everyone takes and takes from me. i have always had issues with depression and anxiety but something changed in me a few years ago when i went through a profoundly traumatic loss, followed by several other less traumatic but still traumatic losses. i did not seek out help because i was busy trying to help the people around me cope with their feelings, because that literally has always been my role to anyone, someone who makes things better and takes care of everyone. i still deal with the grief but more or less deal with it by crying a few times a week which really helps. life was kind of sorting itself out in late 2019 in a relationship that seemed to be amazing, work was going well, i was done with graduate school and basically enjoying life other than some boredom here and there. things really started going downhill in feb 2020. i did not handle the shutdowns well because everything closed around me, and i started getting anxious about needing dental care or something and not being able to go in. my boyfriend also started becoming super withdrawn and it was really difficult for me to not be able to help him more because i genuinely did everything i could, like he told me to ease up on him and to want less and this and that, i did everything he asked. a lot of our relationship died during that period but we stayed together because overall we were good and he kept saying that if i made the changes he asked and his stress went down that we could go back to being how we were in the beginning. so i did all of that. but it did not change anything. and it kills me to know that he gave infinitely more to his ex even though she was a genuinely bad person, like it makes me feel like i must be just completely awful.at the same time, i had a huge fight with my best friend and we did not talk for months, i almost lost my main job, i lost my side job, it was just a really bad period of time. things started getting a little better in fall 2020 and then throughout the spring of 2021 i felt overall better. this all pretty much drastically changed about a month ago. my boyfriend and i had a fight but instead of reconciling as normal , he remained distant and remains distant. i have tried to talk to him about it so many times but he acts like i am berating him, when i am not, i just want to try to work things out. around this time, i started getting vertigo and weird dizziness, which is really disturbing to me, and which does not seem to be completely related to the anxiety as it remains even when i take klonopin, do yoga, or talk myself through the anxiety. shortly after that, i tried to confide about it to my best friend and my mom but all my best friend said was you googled too much and all my mom has to say is stuff like, oh, treatment will probably help but how much will it help? i feel utterly devoid of life. i am effectively housebound because of the dizziness and i get dizzy if i even go for a walk outside. i cannot do any of the stuff that i used to love doing, like going to the store, going outside, playing video games, any of it. all i have looked forward to all year was halloween and christmas 2021 and i was super excited that halloween stuff was starting to come out in stores and that movie theaters were opening up two of my favorite things to entertain myself with . i can no longer participate in exploring either of these hobbies and it kills me. like its so soul crushing to have had these things i have used to hold onto my sanity for the past year and a half, and now its..gone. i am so anxious about having to do tests and stuff to possibly find out what is causing my dizziness and what if i cannot even find a treatment for it? what if i go through the tests and it makes it worse? i feel so isolated and just completely hopeless about everything. all i can think about is how much more comforted id be if the ones i lost a few years ago were still around. i am exhausted that i have constantly given so much of myself to others and now i just.. like beg for scraps of something back from them. i just feel like i cannot deal with any of it anymore. i cannot deal with this future of medical issues. i cannot deal with trying desperately to find support from people who really do not seem to give a shit. i am struggling with the loss of what i had with my boyfriend and with not even being able to talk it out with him to try to fix stuff. i have all of this energy that i used to give him that now has nowhere to go because he does not want it and i am tired of giving it just to have strained conversation or excuses for why he cannot love me more in return. my confidence is completely shot because i gave all of my entire soul to him and i was turned down many times for over a year now. my days and nights are consistently so lonely and i feel even more lonely now that i cannot even leave the house because i am so afraid of being dizzy and passing out or something in public. i just want to sleep forever and wish i would. i literally cannot go through even another week of this and i just want it to end. completely tapped out and nobody to turn to anymore.
i feel completely lost with things. too many overwhelming things have happened at once and i feel like there is so much that i cannot even process it anymore. i have kept everything together for my friends and family but i just feel like everyone takes and takes from me. i have always had issues with depression and anxiety but something changed in me a few years ago when i went through a profoundly traumatic loss, followed by several other less traumatic but still traumatic losses. i did not seek out help because i was busy trying to help the people around me cope with their feelings, because that literally has always been my role to anyone, someone who makes things better and takes care of everyone. i still deal with the grief but more or less deal with it by crying a few times a week which really helps. life was kind of sorting itself out in late 2019 in a relationship that seemed to be amazing, work was going well, i was done with graduate school and basically enjoying life other than some boredom here and there. things really started going downhill in feb 2020. i did not handle the shutdowns well because everything closed around me, and i started getting anxious about needing dental care or something and not being able to go in. my boyfriend also started becoming super withdrawn and it was really difficult for me to not be able to help him more because i genuinely did everything i could, like he told me to ease up on him and to want less and this and that, i did everything he asked. a lot of our relationship died during that period but we stayed together because overall we were good and he kept saying that if i made the changes he asked and his stress went down that we could go back to being how we were in the beginning. so i did all of that. but it did not change anything. and it kills me to know that he gave infinitely more to his ex even though she was a genuinely bad person, like it makes me feel like i must be just completely awful.at the same time, i had a huge fight with my best friend and we did not talk for months, i almost lost my main job, i lost my side job, it was just a really bad period of time. things started getting a little better in fall 2020 and then throughout the spring of 2021 i felt overall better. this all pretty much drastically changed about a month ago. my boyfriend and i had a fight but instead of reconciling as normal, he remained distant and remains distant. i have tried to talk to him about it so many times but he acts like i am berating him, when i am not, i just want to try to work things out. around this time, i started getting vertigo and weird dizziness, which is really disturbing to me, and which does not seem to be completely related to the anxiety as it remains even when i take klonopin, do yoga, or talk myself through the anxiety. shortly after that, i tried to confide about it to my best friend and my mom but all my best friend said was you googled too much and all my mom has to say is stuff like, oh, treatment will probably help but how much will it help? i feel utterly devoid of life. i am effectively housebound because of the dizziness and i get dizzy if i even go for a walk outside. i cannot do any of the stuff that i used to love doing, like going to the store, going outside, playing video games, any of it. all i have looked forward to all year was halloween and christmas 2021 and i was super excited that halloween stuff was starting to come out in stores and that movie theaters were opening up two of my favorite things to entertain myself with . i can no longer participate in exploring either of these hobbies and it kills me. like its so soul crushing to have had these things i have used to hold onto my sanity for the past year and a half, and now its..gone. i am so anxious about having to do tests and stuff to possibly find out what is causing my dizziness and what if i cannot even find a treatment for it? what if i go through the tests and it makes it worse? i feel so isolated and just completely hopeless about everything. all i can think about is how much more comforted id be if the ones i lost a few years ago were still around. i am exhausted that i have constantly given so much of myself to others and now i just.. like beg for scraps of something back from them. i just feel like i cannot deal with any of it anymore. i cannot deal with this future of medical issues. i cannot deal with trying desperately to find support from people who really do not seem to give a shit. i am struggling with the loss of what i had with my boyfriend and with not even being able to talk it out with him to try to fix stuff. i have all of this energy that i used to give him that now has nowhere to go because he does not want it and i am tired of giving it just to have strained conversation or excuses for why he cannot love me more in return. my confidence is completely shot because i gave all of my entire soul to him and i was turned down many times for over a year now. my days and nights are consistently so lonely and i feel even more lonely now that i cannot even leave the house because i am so afraid of being dizzy and passing out or something in public. i just want to sleep forever and wish i would. i literally cannot go through even another week of this and i just want it to end. completely tapped out and nobody to turn to anymore.
i have been reflecting on my life a lot lately, and i always find myself going back and thinking about the bullying i have dealt with through my life. hopefully sharing my story here can get some outside perspectives and give me an idea on how to move on.so a little about myself, i am a introverted guy whose hobbies fall in video games, anime and music. i have been playing video games since i was 3 and they have been my major escape for most of my life. i grew up in a small rural town for most of my life from when i was born to my senior year, am currently 25 and was actually a pretty optimistic kid in my youth, free spirited and just looking to have fun and make people smile. my parents have been pretty decent, but they were never around to support me so i mostly just stayed in my room playing games. it was around the age of 4 the i first experienced any sort of bullying. a couple of my older cousins would pick on me for some of the games i played. i was a playstation kid growing and they were nintendo kids and around 8 9 at the time this was happening unfortunately nobody really stepped in to stop them but things never went beyond verbal insults.this went on till i was about 8 9 myself and they grew up enough to stop it and we get along on the rare occasions i see them. elementary school was pretty uneventful as i mostly just kept to myself. middle school was where things took a turn for the worse.in my 5th grade gym class we had to start changing into gym clothes and i never got the memo that boxers were even a thing and was still wearing briefs at this point. we were all getting changed and i realized what was up, got really nervous because i noticed everyone else was wearing clothes that i did not even know existed and went into the one stall in the locker room to change, needless to say the locker room was full of boys making fun of the fact that i was wearing briefs. it was at this point most of the male classmates in my class and the grade above me started just verbally making fun of me, and the female students would either just do nothing or tell me to not make eye contact with them.by the time i got to my 6th grade, i only had a few friends and most of them were not actually friends with me and ended doing some things to me. i was getting no support from family or teachers and was started to feel isolated, so i tried to fake being cool, which did not really do anything in the long run. it was also this year where i saw another student in my grade wearing sweat pants to school, and since i had some figured i could wear some. i remember walking into class and a few classmates giggled a bit amongst themselves. i went to use the bathroom at some point in the day and on my way back was stopped by a female bully, who proceeded to call me gay and saying wearing sweat pants is for girls and other verbal insults. this was the only time i ever cried in school for something like this.i feel like i had to grow up really quickly emotionally in school due to a mixture of all this bullying and teachers would also make me hang out with special needs students, even if i did not want to. in 7th grade i had a crush on another girl in my class she was one of the only people in my class, let alone the school that actually treated me like an equal person and some of my friends physically dragged me over to her after i let them know that i had a crush on her and made me grope her breast, all the while i was begging them not to. thankfully she did not hate me for this 8th grade was the first time i can remember wanting to die, not exactly wanting to commit suicide but wishing i could just cease to exist. i started to become really jaded, i could not trust anyone save for a few friends that i barely saw because i was too busy still trying to live this cool facade externally but just feeling so angry inside. being exposed to all these people hating and belittling me made me start loathing myself too. near the end of the year, the same group of friends from earlier pressured me into smoking some cigarettes that they managed to find. i do not even remember where i took one whiff, and in the back of my head i just said that is it, i am done with these guys, this is not what i want to be i left that school with one friend that i had just made that year, social anxiety and self hatred from all the harassment. i remember that summer feeling really lonely, like i was just existing but i lost a lot of my drive and happiness.high school was better at least, there was still bullying, nothing compared to my old school but i think some people could sense my insecurities and would pressure me into saying or doing things, i tried to own this one man wolf pack loner sort of shtick but deep down i just wanted to be accepted. things ended completely by junior year but by that point the damage was done.nowadays i have a small group of friends who seem to like me for who i am. i still deal with the insecurities and fears from all those years ago and feel really emotionally stunted, like there is still this scared kid trapped in the body of this cold, logical body.for those who took the time, thank you so much for reading all of this, any advice on what i can do to move past my fears and insecurities are appreciated. hopefully i did not come off as too whiny. looking to share my story of being bullied.
context for this post is that i have struggled with depression for most of my life. i was not in a position to do anything about it before, up until very recently, because it was never just the only problems i had going on. there was always some other serious issue slammed into eight other things that i had to work my way around every day in order to actually function. a lot has happened these past two years. i have stabler relationships, i have friends who i like i just cannot really talk to them about any of these issues because they have never experienced long lasting significant mental health issues and have personally told me that while they are here for me, they do not understand and have no frame of reference to understand what i am going through . most of the things that i have had to deal with these past six or seven years extreme mood swings, crushing apathy towards anything, loss of interest in activities and eating etc. have mostly died down into what i would call normal levels that almost everyone experiences in their life. they are manageable i guess for lack of better words. the only downside was that it meant that the week long sometimes even months long depressive episodes and sudden onsets of debilitating depression its just depression in it is severe bland dictionary meaning. severe feelings of despondency and despair. i do not have any other way of explaining it have gone from being pushed to the side lines in order to deal with other stuff, to front and centre of my life now. i cry on the commute back and forth between my classes. two weeks ago the feelings of depression that i would been crushing down all week suddenly peaked and i skipped my last two classes because i genuinely did not feel up to it mentally or able to concentrate or focus because of how bad i felt and how depressed i was. i wish i was exaggerating in order to make a coherent and simple case of 'yeah here is proof that i have debilitation depression that affects my life 24 7' but i am not, when i say that every day i have to fight down the majority of me that goes 'avoid your friends hide out in the bathrooms during intervals and breaks until you are normal and capable of human interaction again' even if i know in my head that being around my friends will make me feel better and that seeing them will remind me that no matter how stupid things are for me mentally right now that they are there. sometimes i win and sometimes i do not. it feels like an uphill battle where none of the lessons i learn being with friends is good. do not isolate yourself get retained or remembered through idk brain muscle memory or anything. this is the best that i have been in years, if only because i have managed to keep it at a 'one step forward two steps back herculean effort to take another one step forward to balance things again' cycle. but i know its only going to get harder and more intense for me at school next year because of the increase in workload and just the general insanity of stress and uni applications and important exams that determine your future and decisions that i am making this year that are supposed to be plans for the next five years of my life. right now feels like the only opportunity i will have to take some kind of action medication lmao and get used to all the side effects, while the academic stakes are still relatively manageable even if it makes me cry sometimes. i guess for me it was always the money that made feel about getting diagnosed and the leftover remains of when i was more seriously mentally ill being alive is a waste of money complex hahaha . the counsellor i have been seeing for the past three or something years tried to broach the topic of possible diagnosis for depression just in my opinion it mgiht be wrong just let me say my opinion and you can disagree this is based off of what i know from seeing you semi regularly for these last few years two weeks ago same day i missed those last two classes lmao but i shot them down because there is really no pathway after getting diagnosed, at least not for me, that does not end in medication. i have been friends with a few people who were diagnosed with major depressive disorder among other depression disorders, all of which took medication. we have fallen out of contact due to the past year of lockdown and pandemic etc but i still remember talking to them about the side effects of medication and whether it was really worth it because they were still in pain they were still struggling even on medication. talking to them made me realize that they were right and that it could only get worse if treatment was not taken. some potentially severe side effects are worth not feeling like hell and being obstructed by your own mind every day of your life. the only issue is my parents, who despite knowing almost zero if not absolutely nothing about depression and other mental health issues genuine quote from one of them was 'i know nothing about this and i do not understand and i do not need you to explain it to me. medication has terrible side effects that will ruin your life yet still manage to have hardline anti medication, for lack of better words, views because of their percieved horrific life ruining side effects. is medication worth it despite the side effects?
context for this post is that i have struggled with depression for most of my life. i was not in a position to do anything about it before, up until very recently, because it was never just the only problems i had going on. there was always some other serious issue slammed into eight other things that i had to work my way around every day in order to actually function. a lot has happened these past two years. i have stabler relationships, i have friends who i like i just cannot really talk to them about any of these issues because they have never experienced long lasting significant mental health issues and have personally told me that while they are here for me, they do not understand and have no frame of reference to understand what i am going through . most of the things that i have had to deal with these past six or seven years extreme mood swings, crushing apathy towards anything, loss of interest in activities and eating etc. have mostly died down into what i would call normal levels that almost everyone experiences in their life. they are manageable i guess for lack of better words. the only downside was that it meant that the week long sometimes even months long depressive episodes and sudden onsets of debilitating depression its just depression in it is severe bland dictionary meaning. severe feelings of despondency and despair. i do not have any other way of explaining it have gone from being pushed to the side lines in order to deal with other stuff, to front and centre of my life now. i cry on the commute back and forth between my classes. two weeks ago the feelings of depression that i would been crushing down all week suddenly peaked and i skipped my last two classes because i genuinely did not feel up to it mentally or able to concentrate or focus because of how bad i felt and how depressed i was. i wish i was exaggerating in order to make a coherent and simple case of 'yeah here is proof that i have debilitation depression that affects my life 24 7' but i am not, when i say that every day i have to fight down the majority of me that goes 'avoid your friends hide out in the bathrooms during intervals and breaks until you are normal and capable of human interaction again' even if i know in my head that being around my friends will make me feel better and that seeing them will remind me that no matter how stupid things are for me mentally right now that they are there. sometimes i win and sometimes i do not. it feels like an uphill battle where none of the lessons i learn being with friends is good. do not isolate yourself get retained or remembered through idk brain muscle memory or anything. this is the best that i have been in years, if only because i have managed to keep it at a 'one step forward two steps back herculean effort to take another one step forward to balance things again' cycle. but i know its only going to get harder and more intense for me at school next year because of the increase in workload and just the general insanity of stress and uni applications and important exams that determine your future and decisions that i am making this year that are supposed to be plans for the next five years of my life. right now feels like the only opportunity i will have to take some kind of action medication lmao and get used to all the side effects, while the academic stakes are still relatively manageable even if it makes me cry sometimes. i guess for me it was always the money that made feel about getting diagnosed and the leftover remains of when i was more seriously mentally ill being alive is a waste of money complex hahaha . the counsellor i have been seeing for the past three or something years tried to broach the topic of possible diagnosis for depression just in my opinion it mgiht be wrong just let me say my opinion and you can disagree this is based off of what i know from seeing you semi regularly for these last few years two weeks ago same day i missed those last two classes lmao but i shot them down because there is really no pathway after getting diagnosed, at least not for me, that does not end in medication. i have been friends with a few people who were diagnosed with major depressive disorder among other depression disorders, all of which took medication. we have fallen out of contact due to the past year of lockdown and pandemic etc but i still remember talking to them about the side effects of medication and whether it was really worth it because they were still in pain they were still struggling even on medication. talking to them made me realize that they were right and that it could only get worse if treatment was not taken. some potentially severe side effects are worth not feeling like hell and being obstructed by your own mind every day of your life. the only issue is my parents, who despite knowing almost zero if not absolutely nothing about depression and other mental health issues genuine quote from one of them was 'i know nothing about this and i do not understand and i do not need you to explain it to me. medication has terrible side effects that will ruin your life yet still manage to have hardline anti medication, for lack of better words, views because of their percieved horrific life ruining side effects. is medication worth it despite the side effects?
this is a long read but it is needed for context.also tw sexual assult 18m for the past 5 years i have struggled with my mood badly because of bullying and anxiety related to past trauma and stuff. in the past it has mainly been a reason out of my control as to why i have felt so crap. but since early last year it is been my own fault.i was in a fairly serious relationship with a girl. of course, us being teenagers we were quite sexually active. however, i grew to almost expect the sex and in the end, one night it resulted in me misreading the situation completly and i sexually assaulted my girlfriend of the time. the person i cared about most and loved.most people will probably read this as black and white and immediately judge me, as many of the people around me have. ever since a rumour started going round at school i started losing some of my closest friends. friends some of whom i had been close with since childhood. i do not blame them, these days there is a lot of pressure of not to be friends with someone who commited such a vile act.the problem i have had with myself is that, days after the incident happened and i was told through a mutual friend between my then girlfriend and i how she felt, i immediately went and called my girlfriend. since the pandemic had just begun so we could not see eachother face to face . on this call, i had the sudden realisation of what i had done and the seriousness of what i had done hit me all at once, resulting in me, someone already prone to anxiety, to have a full on panic attack where i voiced the worst case scenario that was in my head of holy shit what i did was fucking illegal and i could go to jail. i could go to jail and my life would be over. of course, i was not thinking rationally at all and i was not thinking about the impact of my actions and how i should have tried to apologize properly or something different. the conversation we had did not achieve anything except do both of us harm. we would continue to date well into the summer until we ended it. from that day on i felt some guilt, to the point where i did not really fully quite trust myself and i was treading extremely lightly wherever i went. i did not feel the confidence to start another relationship at all and i was contempt with it feeling that perhaps a break is what i needed.come the spring of this year. in the uk there is been a huge surge in awareness about sexual violence and stuff due to the sarah everard kidnapping, rape and murder. a new testimonial site called everyone is invited gains a lot of traction on social media. me being someone who usually sees themselves as an advocate for social issues and change and stuff, i decide to one day have a look at the website after a couple days. i am scrolling through reading all these horrible situations people have experienced thinking to myself, god this is so disgusting i cannot believe and then i come across a story that sounds all too familiar. i knew immediately it was about me. i read the testimony in full, and then, did not know what to do with myself. not only did i now feel exposed but new information had come to light to me regarding how my ex felt about the entire ordeal, including my tearful panic attack call. in the testimony it said she felt that i was only thinking about myself on the call, that i was selfish and had completely disregarded her completely in that conversation. naturally i broke down into tears and could not sleep a wink that night with a million thoughts in my head about what i did, how terrible a person i was, i am a criminal and how i do not deserve to live anymore. it took 2 days for people in school to work out that the anonymous testimony had been written by my ex and how i was the disgusting perpetrator described in it. and from then on it has been a constant downwards spiral for the last 5 months. i have not been able to look in the mirror without thinking what a disgusting monster you are you do not deserve to breathe or whatever. you know, self hate. i have completely lost confidence socially since i lost all of my friends so i am second guessing every single person i meet even the bloody barista at a cafe thinking they know they know they know . i cannot trust myself sexually at all. any time i have an urge i get an overwhelming sense of guilt resulting in anxiety afterwards about i will never be normal and be able to enjoy anything again . and then of course due to the nature of what i did i get the thought you deserve to feel like this, if you do not feel like this then you are not sorry and you are not forgivable . i brought this upon myself so this time i deserve this depression. i do not know what to do with myself and i honestly believe that i deserve to die. and that is it. i have never felt this close to being able to kill myself before but... this time it really does feel like the right and only option.but hey... thanks for reading my essay of my life right now... i just wanted somewhere to feel like i am being listened to since i have felt like i have not had a voice at all these last 5 months...tl dr i made the biggest fuckup of my life and the guilt that has arisen from the peer pressure and myself has made my already pretty bad depression even worse. this time i brought it upon myself.
hey guys, i need advice on a situation that has plagued most of life. let me explain, people do not like me in short and i do not know what to do. let me tell you the entire story, and no i are not fishing for sympathy it is actually a problem i want to find a solution too. it began in elementary school the other kids did not like me. i am a tall person and so i was never physically bullied but the kids would form groups and ostracize me. they would talk behind my back and i barely had friends, most people rejected me. i still get haunting nightmares about it, disturbing moments that happened to me. for instance, soccer was big and all the guys played together, but when the teams were chosen, i was not even last pick. i would be standing there and everyone would get picked and they would start without any team choosing me. i would go back and forth trying to figure out which team i was on, everyday, and they would tell me go to the other team and the other team would say go to the other team. and if i stuck with just one team and played everyone would just start getting angry. every guy in our grade would be playing soccer or some sport every day and i would get excluded. no one ever passed me the ball and slowly i got into the game playing as a goalie. i was a good one but people hated me.i am a smart guy, always have been even in elementary school and there were people like me too so intelligence could not be the problem. they hated me before that and we are talking about a grade of over 50 kids. i never said anything, i was like any other kid and it was not racial because we were all of the same race nor was it about how i looked or what i wore. i was always dressed well and hygienic. i started to get this idea that people thought i was boring, although i like having fun. i used to ask my parents why people did not like me and they could never answer me. furthermore, i left elementary school behind, and went to a high school in a completely different area, so barely anyone from my elementary school went to my high school. it was a complete new start. but people did not like me, i was ostracized and excluded for no apparent reason and i try to blame myself but i cannot figure it out. aside from school my home life is fine. my grades were amazing and still are and i am humble about them and never brag because no one is dumb. i am humble and other people like my taekwondo instructor said that about me. but i am ignored. people did not like me in high school, so i just stuck to academics and going to the gym. at the end of the day i would lay in bed thinking why people do not like me. again, i dressed well, i am nice according to others, respectful, stand up, and reliable and intelligent. you know i thought maybe two different pools of people would result in something different, but not only rejected by various different groups, but my own cousins reject me. they never invite me or do anything with me. we are of the same age, but they ignore me as well.i feel like a loser, i have hated myself for years and still do. all throughout elementary school and high school people talked behind my back and made fun of me, i have been used by people but i end up thinking you know maybe not this time. even after i put my foot down no one likes me. whatever i do i end up getting rejected. however, i managed to make a small group of friends who rarely every invite me anywhere. they post snaps and go out but rarely invite me. after years of this, i feel numb. i cannot feel the feeling of hollowness i once used to thinking about why they never invite me out. the memories they make will be there forever, but i am in the cold. i have stopped feeling things, i have laid in bet countless nights since elementary school i am in university now thinking about why people ignore me or forget me. my sister seems to have a great time making friends and being liked by my cousins and she is younger. it also goes without saying that i have never been a hit with the ladies, although i am constantly working on myself for years. trying to learn interaction with people, and working on my body. i have never been too skinny or overweight so that cannot be the reason either. i am in post secondary but people do not interact. i am alone again. i have never went to a party or done anything. i am boring, ugly and a plain loser and that is not fishing but just what my mind has just gotten accustomed too. i do not know what course of action to take. i am lost, my only defining quality in my head is how smart i am academically. i still have traumatic flashbacks, things that trigger me like when someone calls me stupid, or a loser. my mind completely explodes, although i hide it, i have this rage in my when someone hits a trigger and i am a low tempered person. i rarely get angry but triggers set me off but again i hide it from people and just bottle everything up. sometimes, i feel like i am going insane, my head fumes up and heats up and i start getting angry. i know its wrong but seeing other people who have done such bad things having a good life bothers me, it enrages me. i have done everything and even now, i am alone, bottled up in myself. i need advice, please. i have been struggling and need someone to give me some support
yea, well. here it is. i look at my life up until this point and really dwell on how many things i have been keeping to myself in mystical awe as to how i even manage to do it without driving myself crazy.i feel weird laying in bed tonight. it is 3 am and i have work at 7 am. promised my girlfriend i would work out with her at 4 pm. i hope that still works out considering it is a promise, and i have not worked out in years and am just now mustering up the courage. i want to preface that this post at times may feel it is losing its direction. sorry about that, i am writing what comes to my head. as i was saying, i feel weird laying here tonight. my mind has a lot of thoughts going through it. mainly the sense of confusion as to what is wrong with me. right now i feel like there is a long line in front of me figuratively . each thing in line is a different emotion. i am the receptionist at the front of the line, and on most days i would deal with each emotion one at a time. these emotions do not ever seem to have a regular pattern. they can be constantly changing from feelings of sadness to intense anger internalized , happiness not too frequent with this one , anxiousness, melancholy, and what i see the most a dissatisfying meh that says everything feels fine today, i am still moving along to the extent i can and not thinking about my true inner troubles.but tonight, i am not dealing with the line. i am just letting it build up and having the front customer ring the bell over and over for my attention. i am looking at this line with a feeling of confusion and unfamiliarity as if i never dealt with it before. i have all of the emotions stacked up and i cannot seem to be able to process them. i feel everything but nothing at the same time, it is white overwhelming but not at the same time. it sucks it took that long to explain how i feel currently, and the silly part is that i do not feel satisfied from that explanation alone. i notice that for a while i have been unable to trust my ability, the inky real primary source of myself, to tell someone how i am feeling. because i am never sure myself. i am never familiar with how i am day today or will be tomorrow. maybe i am just overthinking all of this or maybe i am not. how am i able to tell someone how i am feeling if i cannot understand or validate my initial thoughts. i know i will probably wake up tomorrow and look at this and brush it off as a bunch of rubbish, then push it to the back of my head for it all to come back again. fyi i am writing this completely sober. where will i find my zen? i know that sounds cheesy, but for real, when and how will i find my inner self understanding. i look at like with different mindsets, and they switch up every day or week without my notice. i just recently got a screen for depression, and for one i did not answer some of the questions honestly because i was too nervous too. but also these questions were driving me crazy, i could not tell how to answer any of them. if i answered them a second time the day after, i would have given different answers. that day i walked out of the doctor's office feeling self critical and angry about this. i wonder if my mindsets change too much. maybe my personality is too malleable? i understand that people change, but my view of how i view myself and the environment around me changes a bit drastically sometimes.i obsess over dumb shit. waist too much time revisiting and spending extended periods of time pondering on them. lately, i have been very concerned by the possible idea that i may be bipolar or something. i feel so stupid for even typing that out, but that is the truth as to how i have been thinking. i probably am not, and i just overthink everything. but it roots from my desperate want to understand my emotions. recently, i had a day i do not remember why where i felt very very very low and sad. i have not had this feeling in a long time. i physically felt slow. i mentally felt unable to comprehend the external environment. i felt too lost in my head. the world around me shut off, but i was still going on autopilot. i was so sad, i felt numb. this was a build up to this low from the past couple of days before. i was having some really dark thoughts i do not want to talk about. but the next day i felt so up, to the point i had a euphoric feeling in my body for part of it. now i feel like i am starting to level out again. that day admittedly, i had a really fun day doing activities, so maybe it was that. but what throws me off is how i went from so so low like you have to take my work for it to so so. high.i could go on more and more, but my fingers would fall off from the typing, and i am starting to get tired. i hope this post stays up. i guess all i am asking for is someone to listen. even if you do not respond to this, thank you for taking the time to hear my rambling. i am sorry if this feels like a shit post, i do not expect everyone reading this to understand or relate, i just do not know how else to convey my accumulating thoughts. i want to just unplug the drain a bit somewhere and for now, this feels like it helps a bit. venting is great. a drain that i never feel i have the time to unplug.
i need to say some stuff. i do not need anyone to fix me. i just need people to hear me so that i know i am real. i am 42 next month and i struggle with depression and occasional hypo mania. it has wreaked havoc on my life. i had some trauma as a very young teen that i was not even able to process until just a year or two ago. i started using drugs when i was a teen. i got clean at 22 and worked really really hard to rebuild my life. i graduated from arizona state with a 4.0 perfect gpa in marketing in 2005. i took a dream job in minnesota. but i knew nobody there. it was cold and gray. the depression came back and for the first time i started to feel the pain of lonliness. i went through a period of rapid cycling moods id be so depressed i could not move for days at a time. then id feel great and think i am going to do big things. i thought i wanted to start a candy company and raise a million dollars etc. eventually it all became too much and i quit my once in a million job and moved home to az. i ended up losing everything and starting over at zero. i rebuilt a career in behavioral health, lost everything, built a successful business selling modems. i made one million dollars in sales in 2013. declared bankruptcy in 2014. the depressuin comes and wipes everything out. i rebuild. it happens again. a year ago, i had a good corporate job. i owned a house that was 38,000 from paid off. somehow through a series of starry eyed confidence of hypo mania and excrutiating lows of depression i ended up selling my house, losing the money, losing my job. also, i should note that i became addicted to narcotics in 2012 after an accident. it happens with the depression. drugs. because i literslly cannot stand the pain and its numbness or death. but i fought back. i got clean in july 2014 on my own. it took me several years but i pulled myself together, got back to a job, etc. once again, i was at zero, less than that actually. i built up again. but when i quit drugs i also left my circle of acquaintances. and i never quite got a footing in my new life. it took me 3 years just to be recovered enough to function in society. and last february was the time. i started getting out. i went on a couole dates. i had decided to look for my future. then covid came. lost my job and was not able to get unemployment because i quit my job due to severe depression. i lost my house. i tried to invest and screwed that up. now i am staying at my moms. i have nothing and nobkdy. my work history is spotty. my marketing degree is from before social media. i have no remarkable skills despite being intelligent. i make terrible decisions. i do not know what to do. i do not have a single foothold, nothing to leverage. i literally know nobody but my mother. the lonliness is so bad i have sat in my room scresming crying because it hurts so bad. physically. its worse than any pbysical agony i have ever felt. its like my soul is being suffocated. i do not beling to any groups. i am not christian and do not feel comfortable in chruches. i do not know anybody. i have no job, no job skills, no money, no savings, no plan, no confidence, no hope. i feel like the tree in the forest that falls and nobody hears it. did it make a noise? did it even fall? did it even exist? if i dissapeared tomorrow, other than my mother the world would not notice. i am outside of society. i am nothing. i often start to question if i even really exist because no part of the world sees me. i do not want to die. i am not going to kill myself. but i wake up every day amd think dammit. dammit! i have to do this again. i have been crying most the day for a week or two. i am terrified. if something happened to my mom id be on the streets. this is not supposed to be my life. i hate it. every mome t i wosh i would dissapear because i cannot do it. i do not want to rebuild again. i do not want to do it because its so painful and hard and every time it just goes away anyways. i have never been able to reach stability i my life. i have hurt people around me so much. i feel like i only am a burden and a dissapointment. i have never had a healthy relationship or one lasting longer thhan a couple months. since i was burt as a teen and the house i grew up in i never had love modeled for me. i do not know what it means, how to give it, recognize it, or receive it. i have spent 30 years just wishing so much for a shoulder rub. sometimes i go months without a hug or touching a person. i am dying from lonliness. and from lack of hope. my teeth are bad. i had planned to use money from selling my hosue for dental inplants but the money is gone. i am not sure i could even get a job with them like they are. i certainly cannot date. and i cannot fix them. i do not even have money to have the ones rotting in my gums pulled. i see no path. i am without hope. and so lonely it fucking feels like cruel torture. i do not want to kill myself. i do not want to die. but i feel like i am slready dead and it hurts like watching a child die. all of my hopes and dreams for my future. i cannot. i cannot i do not know what to do or where to start. i have nothing and nobody and i just want to have never happened. a tree falls...
not sure if this is the right place for this or really why i am sharing.i 26 m have been dealing with depression for as long as i can remember really. the past couple of years though it started to take over my life and cripple me in every aspect. i have built a decent comfortable life with a beautiful house, a dog that we absolutely adore, decent reliable vehicles, decent job, lots of friends to go out and have get togethers with. all with a beautiful supportive wife to enjoy it with. i do not say all that to brag, just to show some perspective i guess. i have all i could theoretically want or need, but yet i was so depressed that i dreaded waking up every day. i would lay at home by myself and drink and stare at the ceiling for hours just absolutely miserable for no reason. i started to self medicate with alcohol because it seemed the only thing that helped. as long as i kept a buzz going, i felt a little better. of course this led to a vicious cycle of alcohol making my depression worse, and me drinking more to treat my depression. i started to drink all day on most days. not getting hammered most of the time but drinking just enough to ride that buzz to feel a little better. i could not muster up the motivation to go to work allot of days. luckily i have a very lenient boss and a decent amount of pto at work or else i would have lost my job a year ago or longer. it felt like the end of the world to have to get up and go to work being in such a miserable state already, so i became known as the guy who calls out all the time. he is lazy and does not want to come to work. some days i had to get drunk just to be able to numb my head, to be able to go to work, so i started drinking before work almost every day. i had brain fog so bad that it almost felt like depersonalization disorder. could not think, could not concentrate on what people were saying to me or on a task that i had to do. my short term memory was so bad that everyone of my friends and coworkers began to notice. i once asked a friend if he had ever ate at this new restaurant, to which he replied dude i was literally there with you yesterday. i suffered for so long like this without even talking about it with my wife. i could tell she knew something was wrong but we never talked about it. she was always supportive to which i am so thankful for. i tried everything to try to get out of my depression. i started researching and reading books on depression and different types of therapy that is used for treatment. i changed my diet a couple of times. cut this out or that out. cut back on drinking. take a daily vitamin. natural seratonin increase pills. started working out 6 days a week which actually seemed to help more than anything else i tried. all of this and i was still depressed most of the time. i would have a day or two out of the week that were good days, if you could call it that. on those days, i would convince myself that i am just being lazy about going to work and that i am being dramatic. everything is going good in life. you have no reason to be depressed. you have no reason to be depressed! i told myself this and was told this by anyone who i mentioned my depression to. i fucking hate that response so much. if i have no reason to be, then why am i so depressed then?! so three months ago is when my life finally started to change. i finally forced myself to go see a psychiatrist, after multiple appointments made and chickening out of going. he put me on the generic form of lexapro. i am sure you guys here are familiar with it. it started to help some a few weeks in, but i was still having good and bad days. we upped the strength of the medication and holy moly, what difference! i mean, i am now at almost an entire month without one single day being depressed. i have not called out of work. i am motivated and have been doing extra stuff that i do not absolutely have to do in my job. i have been more motivated at home, with keeping the house up and stuff. did i mention that i let my yard get so bad that i had to pay someone 1,200 dollars to come get it back to a manageable state. i am actually starting to feel emotions again, not just dead and empty. my wife has noticed a big change in me as well and it makes me so happy that she notices the change. that constant feeling of doom and dread is justgone, and i am actually starting to feel like a human again. my drinking has also slowed way down because i am no longer using it to numb my feelings. i am still dealing with brain fog and some memory issues, but i am hoping they get better with time. i guess the reason for me writing this long story, that many people will not even bother to read all the way through, is to let anyone here that has been suffering and have not tried medication because of whatever reason know to just try it! it may just change your life. depression is hard and it seems like no one who has not actually dealt with it understands at all. it makes you feel like you are crazy sometimes. to anyone reading this, the way you are feeling is valid and you are not being dramatic! good luck on your journey through the darkness all! lexapro saved my life!
what triggered me today i found out that the father of my ex best friends died. i was shocked and sad even tho i am not friends with them anymore i still feel bad for them. in the last few months i thought about what would i do if something happened to my parents well probably die right after. the reality hit me like a truck with the death of their father, which showed me the reality. i am basically living for my parents, this would be terrifying to me because besides them no one cares about me, and i do not have anyone else who i care about. i am now 18 years old and horrified of life, the main thing why is because i cannot live with myself. i just hate myself so much that i cannot participate in any hobbies or do stuff i need to do to live a good life i just feel empty but also guilty because not everyone has privileges that i do. i do not want to be myself, i never wanted to be. i am a mdder, because of that i do not live in the real world but escape into my fantasies. instead of doing this shit which does not do anything for anyone, i should sacrifice myself for others, go work and be helpful maybe not like ghandi or mother teresa but a similar kind of helpful. i am not going to live for myself i do not want a family husband wife , kids, partners and friends i have to live for others the general society , someone has to why i hate myself my monolog is not structured, i jumped from one thought to another it is long and probably not worth your time but here it goes i hate how empty i am, how i always say the wrong things and always care about the wrong people. i have managed to make people hate me who actually liked me in the beginning. there is no such thing in me that i would call the self , i do not even have a persona social mask. i am not a person, just a vessel filled with contradicting emotions i am empty, without an identity even tho i have searched for it my whole teenage life. i never had ambitions nor future plans besides killing myself when i am 18 in my dreams i did have ideas for the future but i saw them as unreachable and gaved them up, leaving them in my head instead of making them reality .. well technically i am dead inside now. i cannot cry or shout at someone else but i was always the one who was shouted at they were right i am a piece of shit i am not going to lie and pretend otherwise but it still hurts because i am trying to be good but always do something wrong,i am so fucking stupid and pathetic, i am a bad person naturally and suck at even being a decent person. i felt so guilty because of my behaviour that i did not went to school for about 6 months, made a lot of trouble etc. and all that just so i could punish myself and provoke myself to finally attempt suicide. obviously no one knows that and they also do not care. you know what is also fucking gross about me,its going to be embarrassing but in my teenage years 12 16 17 i was unhealthy obsessed with love. i am not a person that has a lot of crushes, i have had just a few, three to be more specific. i hate myself for that but my obsessive behaviour was disgusting and embarrassing. basically i always had a long crush on someone, the longest was for about three years. instead of doing what most do, going to your crush after idk one month asking them out or befriending them, i stalked them on social media etc. which seems fine to most, but i also tried to meet this person in town and purposefully went where i thought they might be. next to that i was in a delsuion that this person will rescue me. you see shit like that in skins as example where the infamous effy had two guys trying to help her and rescue her. i was not inspired by movies or shows, its more like that this unhealthy attachment stamps from everyone hating or ignoring me, that is why i assumed that this person could save me from my normal life. this particular person was the only one who cared even tho i was not friends with them. heck, my friends cared less about me than this person who seemed genuinely concerned about me. i did not like the person at first and did not even bother to be friendly with them but after seeing how they cared i could not resist and developed feelings, i started to crave for this persons attention and love. i was and partly still am to some extend obsessed with my emotions which made makes me behave like an narcissist maybe i am one . my emotions ruled my life, nothing mattered but this person, because in my eyes i loved them, this love filled the void that my self hatred created. i wanted so badly that they rescue me from this life. that is where my obsession came from. i hate my personality, and i also happened to be ugly and dumb lol such a waste of air. yes i am a plain jane, i hope i will look better, because even tho i am empty inside, but if my vessel ever becomes pretty than people will not annoy me negative harrassment like bullying anymore. and the dumb part is self explanatory. there is a lot more but i am way too lazy to write that down now, i will edit this post if something new comes to my mind.btw . i am so sorry for my english, i am not a native speakeredit typos vent i hate myself i take any kind
what triggered me today i found out that the father of my ex best friends died. i was shocked and sad even tho i am not friends with them anymore i still feel bad for them. in the last few months i thought about what would i do if something happened to my parents well probably die right after. the reality hit me like a truck with the death of their father, which showed me the reality. i am basically living for my parents, this would be terrifying to me because besides them no one cares about me, and i do not have anyone else who i care about. i am now 18 years old and horrified of life, the main thing why is because i cannot live with myself. i just hate myself so much that i cannot participate in any hobbies or do stuff i need to do to live a good life i just feel empty but also guilty because not everyone has privileges that i do. i do not want to be myself, i never wanted to be. i am a mdder, because of that i do not live in the real world but escape into my fantasies. instead of doing this shit which does not do anything for anyone, i should sacrifice myself for others, go work and be helpful maybe not like ghandi or mother teresa but a similar kind of helpful. i am not going to live for myself i do not want a family husband wife , kids, partners and friends i have to live for others the general society , someone has to why i hate myself my monolog is not structured, i jumped from one thought to another it is long and probably not worth your time but here it goes i hate how empty i am, how i always say the wrong things and always care about the wrong people. i have managed to make people hate me who actually liked me in the beginning. there is no such thing in me that i would call the self , i do not even have a persona social mask. i am not a person, just a vessel filled with contradicting emotions i am empty, without an identity even tho i have searched for it my whole teenage life. i never had ambitions nor future plans besides killing myself when i am 18 in my dreams i did have ideas for the future but i saw them as unreachable and gaved them up, leaving them in my head instead of making them reality .. well technically i am dead inside now. i cannot cry or shout at someone else but i was always the one who was shouted at they were right i am a piece of shit i am not going to lie and pretend otherwise but it still hurts because i am trying to be good but always do something wrong,i am so fucking stupid and pathetic, i am a bad person naturally and suck at even being a decent person. i felt so guilty because of my behaviour that i did not went to school for about 6 months, made a lot of trouble etc. and all that just so i could punish myself and provoke myself to finally attempt suicide. obviously no one knows that and they also do not care. you know what is also fucking gross about me,its going to be embarrassing but in my teenage years 12 16 17 i was unhealthy obsessed with love. i am not a person that has a lot of crushes, i have had just a few, three to be more specific. i hate myself for that but my obsessive behaviour was disgusting and embarrassing. basically i always had a long crush on someone, the longest was for about three years. instead of doing what most do, going to your crush after idk one month asking them out or befriending them, i stalked them on social media etc. which seems fine to most, but i also tried to meet this person in town and purposefully went where i thought they might be. next to that i was in a delsuion that this person will rescue me. you see shit like that in skins as example where the infamous effy had two guys trying to help her and rescue her. i was not inspired by movies or shows, its more like that this unhealthy attachment stamps from everyone hating or ignoring me, that is why i assumed that this person could save me from my normal life. this particular person was the only one who cared even tho i was not friends with them. heck, my friends cared less about me than this person who seemed genuinely concerned about me. i did not like the person at first and did not even bother to be friendly with them but after seeing how they cared i could not resist and developed feelings, i started to crave for this persons attention and love. i was and partly still am to some extend obsessed with my emotions which made makes me behave like an narcissist maybe i am one . my emotions ruled my life, nothing mattered but this person, because in my eyes i loved them, this love filled the void that my self hatred created. i wanted so badly that they rescue me from this life. that is where my obsession came from. i hate my personality, and i also happened to be ugly and dumb lol such a waste of air. yes i am a plain jane, i hope i will look better, because even tho i am empty inside, but if my vessel ever becomes pretty than people will not annoy me negative harrassment like bullying anymore. and the dumb part is self explanatory. there is a lot more but i am way too lazy to write that down now, i will edit this post if something new comes to my mind.btw . i am so sorry for my english, i am not a native speakeredit typos i hate myself
starting my senior year of college posted in r suicidewatch as well. september 2017 body dysmorphia leads me to believe i have gynecomastia. plastic surgery research occupies most of my time. turns out to be basically negligible and a case that goes away if i lose weight learned this much later on .december 2017 after 6 scheduled and cancelled surgery dates with plastic surgeons to remove the gynecomastia, my parents recommend that i see our doctor and talk about depression. i oblige.january 2018 after my first visit with the doctor, i start taking zoloft 25mg 1x day.march 2018 i up the dosage to 50mg day. start complaining to doctor about emotional numbness and taper back down to 25mg 2x day.april 2018 i am at a bar and get cold clocked to this day i still do not know who hit me . clean mandibular fracture and broken in two places. wired shut for 4 weeks after that.august 2018 decide i am good and that i do not need zoloft anymore was also very overweight . go off the drug and two weeks later, i total my '01 bmw e46 m3 that i bought a year prior after running a stop light i did not see. t boned a taxi.september 2018 researching that zoloft weakens bone density and increases risk of fractures by up to 75 . thought of if you were not on zoloft, your jaw would not have broken starts to grow in my head. call my mom on my birthday, mention suicide for the first time. she says i cannot leave this earth in tears.october 2018 meet a new girl, we become boyfriend and girlfriend.april 2019 i buy a penis enlargement device just because to see if i can get any bigger for my gf at the time. and mind you, i was not insecure about my size to begin with, i just wanted to see if it could get bigger. i ended up suffering an injury from doing too much, too fast that left my penis in a hard flaccid state sometimes, and actually lost a bit of length and girth because of it. this leads to a lot of anxiety and depression that i still experience to this day.may 2019 depressed, i decide to start zoloft again. 25mg 1x day.september 2019 i go off of zoloft again. girlfriend and i break up.october 2019 january 2021 working full time, met another girl around feb 2020 that i dated up until recently. things we just ok. covid did not make things any easier, but whatever.february 2021 i approach a urologist about the potential of zoloft ruining my sex drive, and that is the reason i cannot perform like i used to. i start doing research and come across wellbutrin. i start taking wellbutrin 100mg sr 1x day.march 2021 i go off of wellbutrin. wellbutrin 100mg 1x per day continues for month long streaks coupled with about a month off. this cycle repeats itself for about 3 months up until the middle of this past june. end of june 2021 i come across a bunch of photos of myself a year or two prior to the gynecomastia zoloft phase. look myself and love what i see. my face looked different. i remember my penis looking and functioning the way it used to. i remember the way my teeth pressed together when i closed my mouth, and how my jaw did not click everytime i opened it or when i gave my girlfriend oral. first scare here july 2, 2021 i take my father's competition ruger out of the case next to his bed i am at my parent's house here . i hold it. i look at it. i wonder... i do not cry or whatever. i try to fight. i try to think about what i can do differently, but nothing really happens. i put the gun back in its case, and i decide to light a bowl and get high. i pass out at the top of my parent's stairs until 2pm in the afternoon. i had off of work, and the rest of the family is at our vacation house, so i was home alone.july 3, 2021 i decide to do something, so i book a tee time and drop a 72 on 18 holes from the tips here at our home course, with a 33 3 on the back nine. golf is a big passion of mine, and i have my own horror stories of trying to play in college throughout highschool that i will not get into. i have played golf my entire life. july 4, 2021 today i wake up, depressed again. not high this time, but i start reading about people on psychiatric medications and how it can permanently mess them up. i start thinking about everything, from how my dick is fucked up, to how my face looks different from a jaw fracture i suffered because i chose to take antidepressants and how the ssris probably weakened my bone density , how i pissed away good relationships with good women. everything.i go back upstairs and take my dad's ruger out again. i look at it. this time i cry a little bit. i start to realize i am unstable and the only thing holding me back is that i really do not know how to operate a ruger, and the magazines are out though there are bullets in the magazines . i frighten myself again, and put it back in the case. i cry to god a bit here and say i am really having a tough time here man. i do not know what to do. 10 24am july 4, 2021 i hit post here on reddit, then grab my keys and head into town for my habitual coffee. feeling a bit better after getting this off my chest. been a tough weekend home alone on july 4th what is the point after you have thoroughly damaged your body mind?
this year i should have been focusing on my thesis. i even got a scholarship for it so i can work on it full time, before i did it part time. before i was very career oriented had a lot of gimmicks. but tbh, i felt like i was already at a decline mentally during the past years due to other external events anxiety. tbh due to just a string of unfortunate circumstances my grad school academic life was not going the way i hoped.the wrong thing i did is that i got that scholarship during a very bad time in my life. i thought that focusing on one thing would be enough. basically i could not even remember what i was doing for the past months. i still feel like i am in a groundhog day of sorts tbh. for whatever reason, i cannot wake up when i want to, i cannot sleep, i just get anxiety all the time when i am awake.and the worst of it all is that i cannot get myself to do work or even think about the technicalities of things related to my thesis. such that i cram things when reporting to my adviser.i have literally developed an anxiety or fear of doing my own work which i actually love.and now i have wasted months which i should have used for developing my thesis proposal.i still have time i suppose. i feel like i could draft one up in a month. especially since i am in it full time right now.but fuck it. it is only been this week that i even got a little bit of work done again that is not just due to anxiety induced clarity of mind that i am forced to cram.so far i am nearing a month of trying to exercise everyday, and eating healthy. it took me this long to finally get my shit together for that.i have been trying to cbt myself for months. and so i have gotten out of that depressive hole at least.this week i am trying to do work little by little. trying to keep to a schedule. so far i feel like it is working.but fudge how the fuck do i deal with this whole fuck up i did. i do not have papers with my adviser i did with previous research projects that are work related. but really just due to those work project i was full time in being not handled well by faculty, the papers were not what i hoped them to be.and now i am cramming for a thesis hopefully by the end of december. worst case, well i am finishing up my thesis late. but dammit i want to publish papers too. i do not want to waste this time opportunity since if i do not do well with this, i cannot even count a phd as part of my future. i should have just taken a leave goddamit. it is understandable this pandemic is still very shitty at my country. but i went and got a scholarship that ties me in the whole thing.i cannot even get recommendation letters from my previous work projects because i left them due to their issues it was outrageous. it really is, friends told me i got an unlucky streak and they agree that they really were shit. well there is 1 that went well. but that is just 1! so all i am hoping is to get a recommendation letter in the future from my current adviser. and here i am messing up things.i feel like i still can do something about this. because moving forward and all that.and i feel like my adviser has a feel for how some of us advisees of theirs are not doing well mentally. because we do not follow up with him. and we just basically disappeared at times. and he does not call us out on it so far. he just accepts and deals with whatever we report when we talk to him.honestly i felt like he should have kicked me out months ago.but the thing is, despite all things. i have smiling depression. and have been in and out of this for years. my therapist tells me i should get tested for adhd, but honestly right now in my country it is a bit difficult to get diagnosed for it. she told me meds may help me.the issue with this is, people around me likely think that all is ok. they think i am upbeat. so in all effect i look like a slob or have no concept of time or really just threw away my thesis.but the thing is i actually really tried to get to it everyday. honestly i still have to do some work from another thing and i am putting that off as well. trying to wake up everyday and sitting in front of my computer.doing nothing but my mind is on the thing. and time flies by.and shit.so yeah this long rant. i just do not see how i can get over this whole thing even if i get over my work anxiety. is it all for naught? tldr i feel like i should just move on and try to do what i should do. but i cannot help but not know how to deal with the fact that i wasted months during grad school when i fucking to a scholarship. i should have taken a leave of absence instead. logically i know that there are some things that one should just move on from. and just deal with it and move on. at this point accept that shit happened, and try to do what i can. but how to deal with the whole mess up and how i obviously have to make a good impression. where even right now, i am still struggling with getting my self to work due to developed ergophobia. obviously step by step for this one. but dammit i cry. apologies for this long post. t t how do i get over the wasted time i did during grad school due to depression anxiety?
trigger warning this is mostly based on the fact that my mom always wanted me and my siblings to go to the curch but i was the most sensitive one.i do not have any friends so i did not talk about it with anybody but my mom but i cannot do that anymore.three years ago i confessed for the first time that i tought god was evil and they told me to pray for things to change.three years later i have always been praying with the same feelings and now i cannot even think about god without feeling hatred and despair.when i was a kid my mom always tried to get me to go to the orthodox curch and fast. three years ago i was having problems sleeping due to my growth and my mom told me it was because i did not come to the curch with her.i got really scared.basically being scared was the only reason i believe in god and why i am doing so badly.now i was scared of more than not sleeping ,i was scared i will go to hell and that god will punish me for the tiniest bad tought.i even got a tic in my mind i say forgive me god ,i was not alowed to sleep more than 6 h ,to eat fully or without praying and i prayed more than 1 h and did 50 100 prostrations and reading everyday ,fasted for half a year every year, i slimmed up 20 kilograms and got sick, and after a long period i have had an operation to remove my colecist.i was extremely stressed out everyday, not to make a single sin and do everything right.now cannot go to curch anymore and i want god to dessapear and to live a paceful life but i fear i cannot.i want this to end, be it depression or anything else.i am hurting myself and cry every single day for the same reason for a year and my mom does not really want me going to a therapist nor to get medicine.sometimes my family makes fun of me and over all does not care.i do not have any friends and i do not know what i will do with my life.my mom now blames me saying that i was a fool back then but i was just a child and she were so prowd of me back then. she was saying that god had blessed her. i have never seen my mom so happy and proud and now that i am not trying to do everything right she started to scolds me again and i felt so bad.recently she admited she had mistaken but she still makes so many of those twisted assumptions about me and thinks suffering it is my fault for having a bad temper.all these years i have been doing whatever her and my father told me my father was knoun for baing the weirdest and most insufferable one when i was arownd 13 he told me i may become a slut because i was having impure toughts and that gave me so much suffering for all these years,now he died and my mom still thinks he was a saint but thinking about him is like thinking about hell all these years i prayed that i will love god and i ended up hating god.i do not really want to make up with god.i tried but things only got worse every timei cannot help but blame my mom because i always believed in her worlds weather i wanted or not.even now it is the same.she is very confident and her belief is everything there is for her.she told me everything there is wrong about humans and life and it gave me depression because everything was bad and everyone was wrong. she also believes stuff that hurts me like it is the fault of the damn feminists that womans suffer these days working and the families have been destroyed and tells me there is no hapiness on earth nor something worthy of your time other than going to heaven.i do not want to go to heaven ,i just want a paceful life.but what can i do and where can i go to escape god?everything normal people do is a bigger or smaller sin and i cannot stop thinking about all my mom had told me and i believed.everything comes into my head how if you are making a mistake god will give you punishments for you to wake up and come to the right path.and if you do not then that is your fault for going to hell where there will be fire 10000 hotter and if you are debauched bugs will eat you alive forever and there is guilt fear and dispair, and crows eating the belly and chest of women whom aborted children forever and ever.what can a therapist do about that though?i do not know if my family is bad, my dad is disinterested but my mom never let me believe that god can be interpreted in any other way,and i am scared to do it.she also thinks that god is all loving but the fear of god is the first love.she will make fun of other people who do not have the same beliefs as her and i hate that.she also thinks that i am genuinely a bad person and that i have to change.i do not think she is ok with me not being perfect, she tells me if you behave like that you will end up in a hell hole in life, nobody is going to be good with you .she wants me to always forgive ,she always tells me a story with a woman who confessed she was getting bitten by her husband and the father told her to keep water in her mouth all day so she would shut up .she wants me to accept life is trash and be humble and kind no mather what, sometimes she just tells me i do not understand and that is why i feel like this is bad... i am a teenager and i think i have trauma
trigger warning this is mostly based on the fact that my mom always wanted me and my siblings to go to the curch but i was the most sensitive one.i do not have any friends so i did not talk about it with anybody but my mom but i cannot do that anymore.three years ago i confessed for the first time that i tought god was evil and they told me to pray for things to change.three years later i have always been praying with the same feelings and now i cannot even think about god without feeling hatred and despair.when i was a kid my mom always tried to get me to go to the orthodox curch and fast. three years ago i was having problems sleeping due to my growth and my mom told me it was because i did not come to the curch with her.i got really scared.basically being scared was the only reason i believe in god and why i am doing so badly.now i was scared of more than not sleeping ,i was scared i will go to hell and that god will punish me for the tiniest bad tought.i even got a tic in my mind i say forgive me god ,i was not alowed to sleep more than 6 h ,to eat fully or without praying and i prayed more than 1 h and did 50 100 prostrations and reading everyday ,fasted for half a year every year, i slimmed up 20 kilograms and got sick, and after a long period i have had an operation to remove my colecist.i was extremely stressed out everyday, not to make a single sin and do everything right.now cannot go to curch anymore and i want god to dessapear and to live a paceful life but i fear i cannot.i want this to end, be it depression or anything else.i am hurting myself and cry every single day for the same reason for a year and my mom does not really want me going to a therapist nor to get medicine.sometimes my family makes fun of me and over all does not care.i do not have any friends and i do not know what i will do with my life.my mom now blames me saying that i was a fool back then but i was just a child and she were so prowd of me back then. she was saying that god had blessed her. i have never seen my mom so happy and proud and now that i am not trying to do everything right she started to scolds me again and i felt so bad.recently she admited she had mistaken but she still makes so many of those twisted assumptions about me and thinks suffering it is my fault for having a bad temper.all these years i have been doing whatever her and my father told me my father was knoun for baing the weirdest and most insufferable one when i was arownd 13 he told me i may become a slut because i was having impure toughts and that gave me so much suffering for all these years,now he died and my mom still thinks he was a saint but thinking about him is like thinking about hell all these years i prayed that i will love god and i ended up hating god.i do not really want to make up with god.i tried but things only got worse every timei cannot help but blame my mom because i always believed in her worlds weather i wanted or not.even now it is the same.she is very confident and her belief is everything there is for her.she told me everything there is wrong about humans and life and it gave me depression because everything was bad and everyone was wrong. she also believes stuff that hurts me like it is the fault of the damn feminists that womans suffer these days working and the families have been destroyed and tells me there is no hapiness on earth nor something worthy of your time other than going to heaven.i do not want to go to heaven ,i just want a paceful life.but what can i do and where can i go to escape god?everything normal people do is a bigger or smaller sin and i cannot stop thinking about all my mom had told me and i believed.everything comes into my head how if you are making a mistake god will give you punishments for you to wake up and come to the right path.and if you do not then that is your fault for going to hell where there will be fire 10000 hotter and if you are debauched bugs will eat you alive forever and there is guilt fear and dispair, and crows eating the belly and chest of women whom aborted children forever and ever.what can a therapist do about that though?i do not know if my family is bad, my dad is disinterested but my mom never let me believe that god can be interpreted in any other way,and i am scared to do it.she also thinks that god is all loving but the fear of god is the first love.she will make fun of other people who do not have the same beliefs as her and i hate that.she also thinks that i am genuinely a bad person and that i have to change.i do not think she is ok with me not being perfect, she tells me if you behave like that you will end up in a hell hole in life, nobody is going to be good with you .she wants me to always forgive ,she always tells me a story with a woman who confessed she was getting bitten by her husband and the father told her to keep water in her mouth all day so she would shut up .she wants me to accept life is trash and be humble and kind no mather what, sometimes she just tells me i do not understand and that is why i feel like this is bad... i am a teenager and i think i have trauma
tl dr i wasted the majority of my life playing video games. i survived junior and senior grades but retained nothing and had no idea what career to follow. so, i took a year off pre college to make things right, only to find that there is a lot to make right, and i am running out of time. what should i do?hi, i am dilan zelsky, an 18 year old uruguayan female trapped in the body of a male monster and a failure.i am from a somewhat poor family. my parents never went to college and were in a worse situation than i am in terms of economy and resources, so only my father works, and what he earns only suffices for food, bills, and a few other things.i never accomplished anything in my life. gaming took all of my life and prevented me from doing many things that i wanted to do, such as developing video games, writing fiction, drawing, starting a blog, playing instruments, and more.when junior grade came, i had to choose the path to what career i wanted to pursue. i chose engineering out of discouragement from the other options, but not because i wanted to have anything to do with it.the junior grade was difficult to the point that i quit gaming. by the end of the year, gaming felt alien to me, and all i could think of was studying.after the rough school year i had, i decided to spend my summer studying for senior grade. i did not get far because i was a poor learner, but i discovered the college info geek blog. while the blog barely helped me, it was my gateway to non fiction books.the senior grade was more difficult. i had to skip meals and sacrifice sleep to get above average marks with the occasional high marks. i read a few non fiction books that year. however, i did not get much out of them because of my poor learning workflow. i managed to get an average score of 11 out of all my subjects, with 12 being the highest you can get from each subject. i made it that far because i relied on plagiarism, anki, and my poor implementation of gtd. of course, i was not happy about any of that.once the school year was over, i realized that college was next, and i had enough because i retained nothing at the end of the school year, was terrible at learning, heard that college is way harder, and did not know and still do not know what career to pursue. i thought of committing suicide, but i had the idea of taking a year off before going to college to make things right.i convinced my parents of the idea. i told them everything that happened in those last two years. also, i told them about my goals to learn how to learn, choose a career, and study for that career. i think i gave them the wrong picture because they did not like the idea. however, they allowed me to because they said that it was my life and they would accept whatever i chose to do with it if i was sure of what i was doing. my father mentioned after the talk that he would like me to spend more time with them, but i have failed to fulfill that.either way, taking a year off was a great choice. i discovered that i had many health problems that i was not aware of, such as my sleep and spine, and i am working towards fixing them. i also found out about the zettelkasten method, which was what i needed to learn efficiently. the method came with the nice bonus of making learning fun.however, things have not gone well.setting up a laptop took me a long while. i borrowed my sister's laptop to work in a calm environment, but i ran into many problems with it, and i still have a few issues to fix.dealing with my health problems is taking me longer than i thought. not being affiliated with a medical center has forced me to solve the problems by myself. couple that with my poor research skills and scarce money, and you got yourself a recipe for slow progress.my environment got noisy, and now i cannot work with the zettelkasten method. progress on fixing this has been slow because of the scarcity of money and prioritizing my sleep issue.i overcomplicated myself and tried to tackle more than i can handle. i maintained many active projects and created projects out of ideas that seemed actionable but that were not. i have wasted a lot of time here.and lastly, i went back to gaming. i believed that i needed leisure time after two years of all work and no play, so i began to play video games for 30 mins a day before my wind down routine. gaming washed away the suicidal thoughts i have been having. however, i realize that i am doing it for escapism.ten months or so have passed since i began this year off, and i am left with five before i am supposed to go to college. i am anxious about going to college because i want to reach my goals and solve my health issues. but, it will probably take me longer than i have available to do so. besides, my parents do not know about my journey, and i fear what they might say if they knew.i am out of ideas at this point. i have been neglecting to get help because i thought that i needed to do it all by myself, but maybe it is time to ask for help. so, i ask you what advice would you give me? how do i get out of the hole i have dug myself in?
well, this is going to be a long read. i have been coming to terms with what happened to me while i was in uni. i was taken advantage of while insanely messed up by someone who was close to sober. it changed my perspective on life and honestly i became much less trustworthy of people. uni was hard to get through this year, but i have been grinding and slowly fixing the pieces academically. i wanted to put this event as far as i could from my memory. the so called event was one of the first ever sexual experiences i had and it broke me. getting taken advantage of while fucked off my ass is something that broke me down. i also started drinking much heavier more frequently. anyways, on one of my blackout nights. i was shitfaced coming back from a pub. a girl i had previously hooked up with was there chilling with my flat mate, not as hammered. apparently we made out and i wanted to go further. nothing happened and i did not think too much of it at the time. however, a few weeks later a friend of mine amp her were playing a drinking game in my room. as the night winded out, i asked about the blackout night to get more clarity. i learned that i was pestering her for a bit about going further. i asked if i did anything shitty and her tone changed and she genuinely said i did not do anything shitty or scummy. we made out again consensual and i have left it at that. this experience is a bit dicey for me, i did not do anything physical, but apparently i tried to get her into my room in other ways by just asking consistently and even going to the extent of asking her to help me find something in my room while blacked out. i was very drunk and although i was not being forceful threatening by any means, however it looks more like i could not catch a hint while that messed up. also to clarify, our flat is one story and my mates room is right next to mine.since then, i think we are still on normal terms. i am still on ok terms with her, and she even invited me out to a party when i asked if she had any moves for the night, furthermore my friend was giving me shit for that night and slid up on her story when asking if anyone wanted to go to the beach with her and pointed my name to which she snap chatted me if i wanted to go. she also recently sent me an old photo of us blazed, so i do think there is no bad blood. also, i feel like i would have heard something from her friends if i had done something heinous amp i do not sense any bad blood as they are still chill with me even months after. also, if i had done something shitty i feel like my flat mate would have told me or her friends. both her friends and her have been victims of sa amp i am almost certain that i would have been called out if i had done anything shitty. anyways, i probably will not ever see this person again. she mainly hung out with my flat mate, and i am living somewhere new next year, and i have kind of begun growing out of my party phase. plus, i was planning on cutting this whole group out over time initially. she is not in uni either, hence realistically we probably will not see each other ever again. i do not know if i should casually text her asking for more clarity or if i should maybe text her to test the waters. realistically, she probably has not put too much thought into this and i am most likely overreacting. furthermore, i am assuming she is probably chalked it up to me being butt fuck drunk that night. yet, my anxiety has been eating me up about this whole situation as i have little to no memory of the night. its been a few months since all of this went down, and i initially had moved on. however, my mind keeps fixating on this night. i am a respectful guy and i do not think i did anything shitty, but i am still over analyzing the situation. i do not know the details of the situation, and i have no clue of the little nuances of what occurred. reading stuff about peoples experiences online are making me question if my actions were on the same degree of fucked up as what i have read on different threads. i do not think they are, yet i am still feeling extremely anxious about this whole thing due to fact that i do not know exactly what happened. i have been overthinking and its been eating away at me for a few days. i also want to see a therapist as i do not think i have fully gotten over the first situation, however i am worried that also bringing up this situation could get me in trouble even though i most likely have not done anything bad if that makes sense. i do not know why, but i just feel stressed even though i most likely did not do anything shitty or terrifyingly bad. if anyone could give me advice on what to do, please help me out. also, an honest breakdown on this whole situation would be helpful. i am considering reaching out to her casually, but i do not know if that is the right move. this has been eating at me for a few days and i am just lost amp confused. most guys would probably not even put much second thought into this, buts its bloody bothering me like crazy. dealing with anxiety over a drunk interaction
i am sorry if you are already going through something and that if what i wrote, brought you down or something but i needed to let things go somewhere and this is the best place for this. please bear with me, it will be a little long.so, here it goes. there comes a time in life when things just go down and down. you pick yourself up, hopeful for things to get better, you try and work but the end results stays the same and more things get burdened up after that. like, it has been too long, i break down, then get back up hoping things will finally get better every single day and when you keep doing all this for a long time, you start to get tired and lose hope, but the damn things inside your heart and mind makes you think something will get better only for you to get disappointed again.i am dealing with my problems, i want to focus on them but when you have problems of not only yours but also of your closed ones it gets really tough, you get lost and do not know what to do, how you got into this mess and how you can get out of it. i have had depression for as long as i can remember but it did not affected me much, nut the last 5 6 years have been too much. ever since i become an adult, i realised how much problems i am around, that are not only mine but of others close to me as well. these are one of the few years of my life that i want focus only on my career but this is just so tough. the things, problems, responsibilities, situation, future, all this has become so much for me to handle i am scared about everything now, 2 days i will be okay and ambitious but something will arise and i will be back to square one. this has been the case as long as i remember, everytime i work to change my life, some uncontrollable shit happens, that breaks me. i try to stay positive, i try to not break down. apart from this, i feel alone, i have never shared my problems, my situation, stuff i go through with anyone. although, its not like i have not tried, i did but the thing is no one wants to listen and i do not blame them for this either, nobody wants to listen to that. they will post hundreds of stuff about to talk to them, that they will listen and what not but the thing is nobody wants to listen, no matter what they say. sometimes, i want that one person that i can talk, that one person with whom when i talk, i forget about all these problems and just be with her, you know. like, one thing i have always been sure about is that i will take care of that special person for the rest of my life, but have been hurt in relationship and stuff so much that i am afraid of all this now, no girl wants to be with a guy like me, i have seen my crush literally with a person who is rude to her, blames her, treats her like shit than to be with me and they have been together for a long time. i mean, i do not know what is wrong with me or what i do not know. i genuinely care for others and wants the best for others, and i do not care that other people do not want the same for me. but have been hurt so much, in friendship, relationship, what not because of which i have developed several trust issues before opening up, i am scared to open up because i did that easily in the past and fuck, they left or betrayed me as usual but still i do not want to hurt or want anything bad to happen to them. i was even bullied at school for sometime, not physically, and thought about quitting school and taking my life. now that i am writing this every bad, every damn thing are coming back, that i did not wanted to remember. i lost friends at school, they stopped talking which i afterwards got to know that was because someone was saying different different made up things on my name. almost every single one of my friend, that i had near my house shifted from here and i ended up losing contact with them as well. i spent a lot of time all by myself that i did not even managed to hold friends at college or forgot the way of maintaining relationships. i was told that some.girls were interested in me during college and at school but the scars and the problems never gave me the courage to move forward and build one relationship with someone special. sometimes, i see other couples and see how supportive the girls are to their boyfriends and what not and i want that, i want that connection, that feeling of love again in my life but i am afraid that i will mess it up and also, i do not want someone else to go through what i am going through because i know how tough it is but still my stupid mind and heart wants that certain someone who will love me and i will love her. i do not even know what to do or want anyone. i am losing hope again.btw thank you, if you read it. i am grateful, this was just a rant. i hope you are doing great and your problems fade away and only happiness comes in your life. and sorry for this long, i needed to let things out otherwise my mind was going insane. sorry i have to let some things out
i am a 17 year old trans guy and i have got two older sisters and a younger brother. me and my brother currently live with my mother and she and my father are divorcing due to them both cheating on eachother her first them him. my mother acts like the victim all the time so its always he hurt her and hes fine its all her she is depressed also my grandfather passed away he was my idol it destroyed me when we lost him but all she was interested in was the money and the house yet she constantly uses it as something to make me and my younger brother breakdown and cry for because she is seeking pitty for what she is doing to us when my father left my mother started talking and bringing a large amount of men around sometimes saying we should call them daddy some were dealers some were addicts some were both and whenever we expressed that we were uncomfortable with the situation at hand she became very agitated and would blame us for her so called depression and say things to the effect of regretting our existence she nolonger hits us but she always threatens to over small things like not cleaning the house we live in completly and when we do she then seeks out a different reason or creates a reason to then yell at us she sometimes goes and acts like she is going to get a gun saying we are the reason she is going to kill herself but never does anything with it they belonged to my grandfather she tells my 11 year old brother that hes so disrespectful to the women who almost died giving birth to him and always throws that in his face as if he chose to be birthed out of her she says she cannot tell me anything in fear that ill end my own life yet she tells me everything at one point she had become agitated because for a few days she had been leading me and my brother to our darker days and we would have killed ourselves if we did not care for eachothers lives my brother sadly walked in on me with a blade and i walked in on him with one aswell so e bad been keeping our distance from her and when our father came over to see us ehich he never does anymore my mother threatened him and then when e got inside she took my phone and my brothers phone so we could not get help as soon as she was done yelling at me i went into my bedroom full mental breakdown ended up cutting not deep enough because she threw my phone at me and left but it was already to late and my brother came into my room begging me to not leave him and my mother came into my room screaming at us again i literally was in the process of ending my life then she wanted me to open up to her and talk to her get i could barely breathe because i was crying and everyone who knows ne knows i have a thing with people touching me it takes me to a really dark place especially when i am sad and my mother restrained me and layed on me and i still could not breathe in that time i screamed like a baby for a while after her new man pulled her off of me and left i was stuck screaming and acting like a baby i could not act other way it was like i was looking through a glass at what i was doing i had calmed down thanks to my brother and when i seen the marks she left on my wrists i scratched myself until i could not see them anymore and then went numb both emotionally and physically also so my mother will not let me work because as long as she is buying everything i must do whatever she says or my basic needs are taken away she gets angry when i defend my father saying he was never there for me which he was not i raised myself all they ever did was feed me and keep a roof over my head but my father never treated me to bad like my mother my entire life i was ignored i have been suicidal as long as i can remember and trust me i have credible reasons for being suicidal not that i need justification but i needed it for everyone anyways any time i tried to reach out and get help it always ended badly even my therapist said i should have chosen a more definate way of suicide as soon as i came out to my mother she only calls me by very feminine pronouns such as baby girl, mami, beautiful and so on along with constantly deadnaming me even when corrected and my father only talks to me when he needs something or wants to talk to my brother yet i am the family therapist and nobody can handle the truth that i tend to say because i can nolonger handle the bullshit they put me through i still have to live so that my brothers got a chance but as soon as i can get him out of here i am leaving and likely never coming back fuck this family and she keeps telling me that i am selfish and stupid and that nobody would side with me because what my dad did to her justified it and i should hate him for it so please tell me am i in the wrong or is it them am i inconsiderate or is my mom toxic and my dad a dead beat i will likely delete this soon so please read this i just need one person to be on my side who is not in the situation with me
sorry about this being so long, i have a lot in mind that i feel is all relevant to each other.i have been trapped in my house for months since i have left my job. i left because i did not feel comfortable being there and every passing day felt like a drag. i was not happy with the thought of me working 66 manual labor hours with only a single day off to really do anything for what might be the rest of my life. in hindsight, i think most of the reason why i hated being there was because i was always drowsy. i would stay up really late because i hated work and would have to wake up early. the entire time spent here at the house since i have left work, i have done absolutely nothing to try to improve myself. i want to go back to work because i feel like a bum for being unemployed, but i just cannot right now. my biggest worries about going back to work are either that i am going to be fired immediately because of my general low energy caused by my depression or that i am going to be ridiculed endlessly by my future coworkers because of my awkwardness. i do not know how long ill last working there with all the abuse i am undoubtedly going to get. i have thought about what exactly is it that makes me such an easy target of ridicule and i have come up with a few reasons. the number one reason is that i am boring. i have little to no interest in anything. this really sucks because i have plenty of ideas on what things i can get into to make me more interesting, yet i can never bring myself to do anything about it. i genuinely do not care about anything and it makes me sad knowing that so long i do not do anything to improve, ill forever have this problem of being boring and being the constant butt of everyone is jokes everywhere. i honestly feel like i am undeserving of any human dignity with the way people talk to me. like if i am not allowed to have any pride. i often question my intelligence for what i think are pretty good reasons. i graduated from high school with no intention of going to college because i was completely mentally burnt out by the end of it. to be fair, i think sleep deprivation had a lot to do with it same reason as what i mentioned about work above . i literally told myself that i wish that i could turn off my brain and never have to think again. i do not know if its my sleep deprivation, stress, possible autism undiagnosed , possible add undiagnosed , or maybe even a learning disability, but i have a very difficult time learning anything. my brain literally hurts when i think about anything and i just feel even worse emotionally for not understanding it. this depresses me for many reasons. one, being that i feel like a complete worthless idiot who will never amount to anything and who is a slave to manual labor work. two, it makes learning any skill more difficult tenfold. three, i just simply hate being stupid. i look up to the intellectual types. i value intelligence over any other human quality trait and it makes me sad that ill never feel like i am good enough to have friends, to have a soulmate, to be a father one day, or to even play a respectable role in society. ill forever be some dumb laborer in the eyes of the people around me. despite all of these things mentioned that bother me, i just cannot bring myself to do anything about it. i cannot go back to work because of the mental state that i am in. i will not last. i cannot pick up new hobbies interests because i honestly do not care about anything. the abuse will never end. i cannot learn any skills necessary to improve my financial future and overall social footing. my brain hurts trying. i feel completely stuck. it does not help that i do not know anyone personally who would honestly give a damn about me getting better besides my parents. i think its safe to say that my siblings, secondary family members, and friends do not have any would not care. i am on my own here. i cannot bring myself to commit suicide just yet, but i do not think id be too bothered if i knew that tomorrow would be my last day alive. i do not have much to lose. i also feel like i am living a cycle that will keep repeating itself with no end in sight. ill find a job that ill hate but i muscle my way through it enough to be able to afford another break. ill take said break but ill feel like shit knowing that it was likely due to anxiety and ill feel like a bum for being unemployed. but i cannot really learn anything useful to advance myself to a better future. so when the money that i saved up for the break is gone, its back to working my miserable job. the cycle repeats until the day that i die. any advice or possible words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated. if i do not get a single answer then that is fine, i am just happy to share this. i forgot to mention this earlier. i am 23, male, and i have had depression and social anxiety since i was 13. i feel stuck.
tldr bf is getting more depressed over time. i am trying so hard to get him the help he needs. i am getting pushed away and its affecting my mental health now. i feel like everything is pointing towards us breaking up.we have been dating for about 1.5 years. i have gad and moderate mild depression. i am currently on medications and in therapy. he has severe depression and anxiety i suspect , and has been in therapy before. hes going back to therapy, but there were not any availabilities until august. he has a history of getting depressed in relationships previous two gfs and me .he and i have similar histories. both our families had pretty nasty divorces. both of our mothers developed cancer while we were still young teenagers. our families are in similar geographic regions. we both had a relationship that was emotionally abusive. i guess i mention these because it was easy for us to understand each other when we first met, but also because i think these could have impacted our mental developments and relationships.both my partner and i are in graduate school. he has a major exam coming up that determines if he will qualify for candidacy. this exam has been looming for a while and has been pushed back a couple of times because of covid, but also because he was not prioritizing preparing for it. this stressor is contributing to his depression.the other stressor is our relationship. its been on the rocks for a couple of months now. he left to visit family in may and he was not in the mood to have sex when he came back. i miss the sexual intimacy, but i am much prefer physical affection and emotional intimacy. having said that, its always been hard for him to open up to me. in june, he did something that really upset me at the time, which started his spiraling. i have since forgiven him, but i do not think hes forgiven himself. he admitted hes been depressed for a while now. i did not see the signs very well and attributed it to stress from his exam before i knew our relationship was also stressing him out . he said a lot of self hate things and started punching himself in the face. i called his dad and told him what is going on because i felt like i could not be his only support. we have been in limbo how he described it since june. we did not see each other much the first couple of weeks because we both needed space. after that, i have been the one initiating contact and hanging out to get a feel for things. we have been telling we love and miss each other still. however, he told me this weekend that the physical affection is hurting him and he was not comfortable with me going to our mutual friends because he cannot be a boyfriend right now. for 4th of july, he also did not act like my boyfriend.this really hurt me but i have been trying to listen to his needs more because of his depression. hes asked for more space to focus on school, which also hurts but i do the same when i need to get work done. i have tried to get him into our schools counseling between now and his regular therapist, but he does not want to talk to a new therapist. i have also tried to get him to couples therapy. he said he would go, but its obvious he does not want to be there, so i have not scheduled anything because i do not think it would be productive if he does not want to be there. i have asked if i can help him around his house because he is not taking care of himself. i have asked how can i support him, which was the space mentioned above.he does not know what he wants in regards to us. i do not know if its the depression talking. hes scared if we have an on and off relationship that i will eventually leave him for good because an ex did that. hes thinks i am disappointed in him i have never said this, he sets these expectations for himself because he cannot be a boyfriend right now. i feel he does love me because 1 friends and his family have told me he loves and cares about me very much, 2 he showed it through his actions before all of this, 3 he told me he loves making me happy. but, my doubts have been creeping in. he said his depression is getting worse. he does not want to see me, i feel like i am walking on eggshells because i cannot tell him how this is affecting me without him spiraling, and i just feel like i keep hurting him when i am trying my best to help him. i cannot help but think his feelings for me have changed.i love him so much for so many reasons. i loved him early on in our relationship but i wanted to be sure it was real and not infatuation, so i did not say anything until maybe 9 months in. i wish he could see what i see. but him pushing me away is hurting me and affecting my mental health now. my anxiety is through the roof and i can feel my depression starting.i am not exactly sure what i am looking for from you guys, but thanks for reading if you made it to the end. my boyfriend is pushing me away and i am at a loss
obviously, loss of interest pleasure in once enjoyable activities is a huge part of depression. in fact, it is one of the hallmark signs that doctors look for when searching for a diagnosis. what i am asking about today is similar to that aspect of the major suck fest that is living with depression, but a little bit different. what happens to me is that i suddenly feel like doing something that i usually enjoy is actually making me feel more depressed. now, when i say suddenly, i do not mean in a relatively short period of time, like over the course of a couple of days, or even hours or minutes, i mean suddenly. instantaneously. i will give an example scenario here, because i am not sure how else to really give a clear explanation of this stupidity. okay, so, i love interior design, i have since i was a child. i love every aspect of it. i love creating floor plans and perspective drawings, i love making presentation boards with every last detail represented, i love watching interior design shows, i love garnering inspiration and learning how to use new design methods and techniques, and i love going to home decor and furniture stores. even if i am not buying or even looking for anything in particular, i can spend literal hours just combing every aisle. it is my kid in a candy shop setting, 100 . so a couple of days ago, i had some errands to run, and i decided to stop by homegoods while i was out, just to poke around. if i am not feeling well, giving myself a field trip to a good home dcor spot will usually have me feeling like myself again in a jiffy. i got ready and left the house feeling relatively upbeat and excited for my upcoming treat. i ran around and got my errands done first, to avoid feeling like i would had dessert without finishing my vegetables. feeling like i earned whatever treat i give myself, and knowing i do not have anything else i should be doing instead, makes it 100x more enjoyable. i parked the car, hopped out, and pretty much frolicked through the front door like a big old goofball, heading straight to the bathroom department in search of a new shower curtain, because i actually do need one for my downstairs bathroom. as soon as i stopped in front of the display, though, i felt an extremely dramatic shift in my disposition. just a few seconds ago, i had been really happy, in my zone. suddenly, though, staring at all the pretty shower curtains felt like the last thing in the whole world i wanted to do. all i could think was, this is stupid. why am i even here? i turned a slow circle, scanning the rest of the store to see if i could spot anything that might reignite my vigor of a few moments earlier. the more i saw, though, the more bleak and dismal everything seemed. it felt as though a black mist had descended, surrounding me, as well as filling me with a bitter, defeated, heavy sadness. i took a couple of deep, stabilizing breaths, but they did not help. my eyes began to sting, and i knew i had to get out of there before i started inexplicably bawling in front of a store full of people. feeling as though i had just lost something intangible but meaningful, i slowly and dejectedly made my way out of the store with my eyes trained on the floor. this is typically how this phenomenon usually plays out for me, though it sometimes happens in other ways, as well. sometimes i will feel great while i shower, dress, and do my hair and makeup, but as soon as i am all ready to go, i do not feel like doing whatever it was anymore. like i said before, it actually feels like the absolute last thing i want to do. sometimes it happens right away, as soon as i think of something i want to do. i will think, i would really like to go take pictures in the woods, and start to get excited by the idea, but then, in a fraction of a second, that excitement is replaced by a crushing sadness in response to the same idea. so, yeah, the best way i can explain it is just that something i normal ly love to do gets flipped upside down in my mind, and my beloved activity now feels like it is actually a part of the problem. it begins to feel like a source of depression and anxiety. to the extent that, if someone asked me, what is causing you to feel unhappy right now? i would reply, the thought of doing something i absolutely love, that is what is making me feel shitty right now. i do not understand why this happens to me, but i am so sick of it. i am just so indescribably tired of the things i usually use to help myself feel better begin to only make me feel worse. it is so mean of my brain to do this to me, and i cannot seem to find a way to make it stop. in fact, it just happens more and more often as time goes by. does anyone else experience this, or anything like it? if so, what have you done about it? also, does anyone have a medical or scientific explanation for why this happens? this suddenly sucks
obviously, loss of interest pleasure in once enjoyable activities is a huge part of depression. in fact, it is one of the hallmark signs that doctors look for when searching for a diagnosis. what i am asking about today is similar to that aspect of the major suck fest that is living with depression, but a little bit different. what happens to me is that i suddenly feel like doing something that i usually enjoy is actually making me feel more depressed. now, when i say suddenly, i do not mean in a relatively short period of time, like over the course of a couple of days, or even hours or minutes, i mean suddenly. instantaneously. i will give an example scenario here, because i am not sure how else to really give a clear explanation of this stupidity. okay, so, i love interior design, i have since i was a child. i love every aspect of it. i love creating floor plans and perspective drawings, i love making presentation boards with every last detail represented, i love watching interior design shows, i love garnering inspiration and learning how to use new design methods and techniques, and i love going to home decor and furniture stores. even if i am not buying or even looking for anything in particular, i can spend literal hours just combing every aisle. it is my kid in a candy shop setting, 100 . so a couple of days ago, i had some errands to run, and i decided to stop by homegoods while i was out, just to poke around. if i am not feeling well, giving myself a field trip to a good home dcor spot will usually have me feeling like myself again in a jiffy. i got ready and left the house feeling relatively upbeat and excited for my upcoming treat. i ran around and got my errands done first, to avoid feeling like i would had dessert without finishing my vegetables. feeling like i earned whatever treat i give myself, and knowing i do not have anything else i should be doing instead, makes it 100x more enjoyable. i parked the car, hopped out, and pretty much frolicked through the front door like a big old goofball, heading straight to the bathroom department in search of a new shower curtain, because i actually do need one for my downstairs bathroom. as soon as i stopped in front of the display, though, i felt an extremely dramatic shift in my disposition. just a few seconds ago, i had been really happy, in my zone. suddenly, though, staring at all the pretty shower curtains felt like the last thing in the whole world i wanted to do. all i could think was, this is stupid. why am i even here? i turned a slow circle, scanning the rest of the store to see if i could spot anything that might reignite my vigor of a few moments earlier. the more i saw, though, the more bleak and dismal everything seemed. it felt as though a black mist had descended, surrounding me, as well as filling me with a bitter, defeated, heavy sadness. i took a couple of deep, stabilizing breaths, but they did not help. my eyes began to sting, and i knew i had to get out of there before i started inexplicably bawling in front of a store full of people. feeling as though i had just lost something intangible but meaningful, i slowly and dejectedly made my way out of the store with my eyes trained on the floor. this is typically how this phenomenon usually plays out for me, though it sometimes happens in other ways, as well. sometimes i will feel great while i shower, dress, and do my hair and makeup, but as soon as i am all ready to go, i do not feel like doing whatever it was anymore. like i said before, it actually feels like the absolute last thing i want to do. sometimes it happens right away, as soon as i think of something i want to do. i will think, i would really like to go take pictures in the woods, and start to get excited by the idea, but then, in a fraction of a second, that excitement is replaced by a crushing sadness in response to the same idea. so, yeah, the best way i can explain it is just that something i normally love to do gets flipped upside down in my mind, and my beloved activity now feels like it is actually a part of the problem. it begins to feel like a source of depression and anxiety. to the extent that, if someone asked me, what is causing you to feel unhappy right now? i would reply, the thought of doing something i absolutely love, that is what is making me feel shitty right now. i do not understand why this happens to me, but i am so sick of it. i am just so indescribably tired of the things i usually use to help myself feel better begin to only make me feel worse. it is so mean of my brain to do this to me, and i cannot seem to find a way to make it stop. in fact, it just happens more and more often as time goes by. does anyone else experience this, or anything like it? if so, what have you done about it? also, does anyone have a medical or scientific explanation for why this happens? this suddenly sucks
hello all,this is my first post and i am in desperate need of help. i am pretty sure my boyfriend suffers from depression. we met a few months ago, everything was fine, he was funny, charming, very kind and compassionate, always motivated me and believed in my goals. he was madly in love with me and at some point i finally said i love you back and he was the happiest human being ever. we had so much fun watching movies, playing video games, listening to music and being loving and caring for each other. talking for hours at night. at some point i felt like he was drifting away. he always had depressiv problems like he is not good enough for me, i should find someone better. also all his former girlfriends left him for someone better. i thought okay, maybe he is hurt because of that. but yeah, he drifted away, no more kind words anymore and at some point he could not say i love you anymore. he often apologized and said he felt bad because he thinks it hurts me. he stopped texting me, he withdrawed, all i get are one word answers, i cannot really get through to him. if i ask if he wants to stay in a relationship with me he just says i do not know . its always i do not know. he mentioned pretty often that he wants to die, that its decided and i cannot do anything about it. shortly after he can do jokes again, as if he never said something hurting to me. while i am fighting back tears, he changes the topic to something fun like nothing happened. everything escalated when he acted in a worrying way, called me and told me to let him go, he has to leave and texting me beforehand that he does not want to be here anymore. i knew he was very angry and impulsive he also has adhd and i feared for his life. i called the emergency and they send over the police. i had a panic attack and acted in a desperate way. after that i got the most angry call i ever got, i was yelled at what in the hell i was thinking, he was not at risk and now his whole family knows. he said he cannot trust me anymore. after that he still reached out to me, wanted to talk but after i asked, talk about what? he responded again nothing i do not know what to do anymore, he always said he refuses any help, i begged him to maybe even consider seeking professional help. i just want to understand what he is going through. apparently he cannot really communicate with me. i have to ask for even the slightest thing and if i ask too much its exhausting for him. i have to say i am kind of glad his family finally knows, even if i get the anger now, its okay, i take it, i was just really worried for his life. everyone in my family says i should stay away but nobody knows how he was before. i was doubting myself, he is all charming and happy around anyone else but i get pushed away, to me he cannot talk anymore and now he is also angry at me. like i said, i can take it, i just want him to get better.maybe you can help me to understand him better. he told me he lost all feelings, he is at a dark place but he still reaches out to me, after all. every day. i have to say i distanced myself a little, i spent the last weeks crying, thinking of him every day, what he is going through. being there for him, putting myself back. but i cannot do that anymore if he refuses professional help, that will not help him and i get destroyed. he also always mentioned i should leave, i would just get hurt. he does not want me to be around anymore, even though it was his biggest wish that i would visit. he says he is not the same guy anymore and he failed me. i constantly get pushed away. everyone else gets treated like always. and i am just the trash can for everything it seems. i am just there . he cannot even talk to me anymore. amp x200b i do not recognize my boyfriend anymore, i was thinking if he got bored of me, lost interest and just cannot break up. i told him several times, just break up with me and be honest if you are not happy with the relationship. sometimes its i do not want to break up. and the other times its always idk . amp x200b maybe you can suggest something or help me understand him more. because somehow he cannot put into words what he is going through. am i the reason here? did i do something wrong? should i leave him be? the only time he really talked to me was when he was angry as hell and called me stuff nobody else every called me. it was very hurtful. he does not understand my point of view, everything i did was wrong. and i do not have the right to be mad at him. when i try to talk about it its always i need to go now. i hope you have an amazing life. like ?? i do not understand and i am not here so someone can play with my feelings every day. even if he does not do it on purpose. amp x200b i do not know how to get through to him, he seems to be at a place where i just cannot follow... please help. i am in desperate need of help with my bf
i just realized i did not thought of it today at all. i always were a lonely person because of my father's job. i never tried so hard to keep friends because i would always lose touch and that hurts. i cannot believe in any religious bullshit, so besides my family i always felt empty. the lack of challenges in my childhood did not help either. i always were the gifted child that can do it all. i realized that i was bored of doing anything in my life for the first time when i realized i could choose any path and i would have success without trying harder. so i decided to do something that would requiring a physical test because i were fat at the time. i got ripped and nailed the test. so i decided to abandon that path and i went to a engineering course because it was a child dream. in college i met the best think that ever happened to me. my ex girlfriend. nothing in my life had given such joy. i tried to avoid her for almost a year because i knew my broken mind would lead to one us with a broken heart. i could not resist. we dated from to 2016 until march this year. i wish he had started it later with me with a better mind. the truth is that i failed with her, i have never shown the affection that she needed. she needs someone that is able to take care of her. i will always blame myself for not standing up for her in a stupid fight with some former friends. i tried to keep the status quo because i thought it would bring her peace. if i had taken a sec to think about it i would have realized that it that the status quo were gone. i failed when she needed me the most, like always. eventually, her love for me fadded away. i tried o be by her side when all our friends turned away. that was not enough, in a dream vacation with her in february last year i discovered that she was cheating on me. my life shattered. i had been with other girls before her, but like everything in my life nothing that were so special. so since that day i have been surfing in the idea of killing myself. sometimes it went higher and i almost did it. for months i could not even confront her because that was so off character that i tried to convince myself that could not be real. eventually i talked to her. we tried for some months, but i think she did not love me anymore and i was to broken to do anything healthy. i had way to many panic attacks since then. eventually i read in a secret diary of hers that she started cheating on me again. i did nothing. at this point i only blame myself. the guilty is a burden that never leaves. and then i read that she was trying to break up but could not do it. so i did it for her. i almost killed myself multiple times after that. i reached old friends because i was completely lost. it went out as good idea. 2 of them have been really good friends and very supportive. one bringing me out of my house and making me do something fun to distract me. the other one had 2 friends that committed suicide before, so she ended up been very thoughtful and comprehensive. then my ex reached me with her problems out of nowhere. at first i was happy because i always enjoyed been useful to her. the problem is that i care too much about her problems and seen her like that made me go in a crazy spiral. i exploded when she lied to me. she is a terrible at this. lies were always a trigger to me. i do not even know why she would need to lie. you do not to need to pretend that you already had maked out with some random stranger, we are not strangers anymore. and the she snap out at me because i had contact with here nemesis from the fight i mentioned before. i did not need you to do that, i was already guilty. the truth is i would have been with hitler, stalin and satan in that state of mind just to feel company. then i decided to visit my parentes and one of the friends that i mentioned before they live in the same city . seen my parents together restored my faith that something like that is possible. i do not know how because i feel sometimes that i am too broke for a relationship. seen that friend made me feel comfortable, like someone outside my family cares about me. that made my bad feelings about my ex dissipate. and i decided to talk to her. i offered something that she always wanted. i do care about her. but i need to know that she is 100 on board. given her that would bring me peace and all the guilty that i have will go.this history did not end yet. of course i am doing therapy. i am still trying to find a purpose in the emptiness of the universe. but today i do not feel like i have to commit suicide. at least for today i was able to let some of the ghosts that haunts me go. sorry for the grammar or anything. english is not my first language and i am writing this out of a lot of emotion. first day i did not have suicidal thoughts since february of last year
before i explain why i am about to end my life, i want to clarify that i am not advocating for suicide and if i could help it, i would ensure that no one has suicidal feelings. but i am not in control. that said, i just want to get this post out there as one final affirmation of my existence. now, as for why i am going to commit suicide, there are two reasons my social ineptitude and my fear of human depravity. i will first talk about my social ineptitude and then i will delve deeper in the depravity of human kind and why it has fed my depression.i have been an outsider my whole life. while i did have a close friend group, i never felt like i clicked with any of them on a personal level. regardless of how much i tried, i always felt different from other people, and not in a good way. if others were to describe me, they would probably say that i was weird or odd but not in any particular way. i am not sure how to explain it, but i have felt like there is some part of me that is fundamentally different from the rest of humanity. in some ways i feel subhuman, and that prevents me from actually forming meaningful connections with others. speaking of meaningful connections, despite being in my mid twenties, i have been single for my whole life. i have not even held hands with a girl before. yeah, i know you are probably laughing at me right now, but it is true. i have been rejected more times than i can count and honestly, i try to tell myself that i have gotten used to it, but really, it is weighed down on me for so damn long. the only people who have been there for me are my family members, but as fucked up as it sounds, not even they are enough to keep me from feeling unbelievably lonely. i feel like if i cannot interact properly with others, i cannot function as an adult in society, and if i cannot function in society, then i might as well clock out. additionally, i have been incredibly insecure about my mental and physical abilities, both of which i feel like i sorely lack. this has also created a social impediment between myself and others as it feeds my inferiority complex. as for the second reason why i am going to kill myself, most people are depraved. plain and simple. i have been a true crime junkie for a while and hell, has it taken its toll on my mental health. i cannot go outside without worrying that someone is going to shoot, stab, or kidnap me. you might be thinking that mass murderers and violent criminals make up a small percentage of the overall population, and while true, i believe that most humans are inherently violent. humans are just as willing to excuse violence as we are willing to condemn it. do not believe me? look at any video on youtube with the title home owner shoots robbers in home invasion or something like that, then go to the comments. i will guarantee you that most of the people in the comments section will rejoice and applaud the home owner for either gravely injuring or killing the criminals. now i understand the appeal for self defense, do not get me wrong. i do believe that in certain scenarios self defense is necessary, but i do not believe that the injury or loss of a human life should be celebrated, regardless of the person. the fact that this opinion is unpopular terrifies me. it seems to me that people inherently have a violent side. this violent side is also brought out when you add personal property into the equation. i remember a few years ago i read a news article detailing an incident where a store owner killed some guy who tried to steal a pack of candy from a convenience store. the website allowed for people to comment below the article, and surprise surprise, people applauded the store owner and praised him for killing some person who tried to steal a bag of gummies or some shit. i am still baffled that people think that ending a living soul for some candy was a fair transaction. this has further pushed me away from human interaction as i feel like i cannot trust anyone anymore. which raises the question, why am i writing this suicide note on a forum for the purpose of being read by others? well, i do not distrust all of humanity, and i believe that this subreddit may have like minded and kind people who will just let me say my piece before i die. in short, i am going to kill myself because i have experienced extreme social isolation and i have developed a general mistrust of human kind. i believe if humanity works on its ability to empathize with others and to feel compassion, then we will all be better off. even though i do not know you, i wish you a good day and a good life. do not live your life in constant isolation or in fear of others. do not live life like me. if you do, you will regret it. my virtual suicide letter and the reasons why i am going to die
two days ago, i had my first mental breakdown at work because i was blamed for everything for a mistake which in my opinion was not my fault, crying for 15 minutes at home, homeoffice let me summarize what happened. i am a sales not manager guy, and i am in charge of pricing and getting orders from my customers and especially maintaining the situation for new r amp d projects and its sample phases. i have one senior manager colleague from purchasing who is in charge of purchase and she is responsible for preparing stock. so we have to unfortunately keep in touch and work together as she needs to know the project situation from my customers and prepare stock accordingly.so, in beginning of this year, my customer gave me information of the material list and that sop is scheduled for november 2021. the lead times for us to prepare is long 40 weeks , thus my colleague keeps asking me if she should issue orders to our suppliers. as i did not want to go for any risks, i warned my customer about the lead times and said they should release firm orders to us, so i have a commitment and know they will buy the stuff we prepare. my customer kept saying the list is still not finalized but the list would go to the forecast soon and release order soon and they are aware of the lead times. i explained to my colleague to only order if we have something firm and she agrees, and says she would wait until the list of items are in our customer's purchase list forecast in their system.still, in mid of 2021 we still have not received any firm orders and i kept pushing my customer every week. the only reply was, that orders will come soon. then, last week i received feedback from my customer that the list got smaller and only 4 of the 10 original items are needed still no order from customer . at the moment my colleague told our director that we actually already issued order to our supplier to my surprise for the 10 items and i am at fault for now having dead stock because i am bad at managing this. furthermore, she kept asking and harassing me why the customer did not release any orders despite sop is november. i told her i explained to the customer many times and they said they understand the situation and will wait with the lead time. furthermore, it is not our fault if the customer does not release orders when we explained them many times the conditions. well, she did not care or give a fuck.so after that my colleague harassed me for being bad at this job and managing poorly and being fault for having dead stock now she is responsible for purchases to our suppliers!!!! , she of course snitched and complained at out managing director and blamed everything on me. because i am quite the small fry compared to her in the company hierarchy, the director at first believed only her story and continued criticizing me. every try of me to explain that i told her to only order when there is commitment from customer, and that we did not know the list of materials was still pending until last week, was seen as a poor excuse. my director looked for reasons to blame me, such as it was also my responsibility to oversee what is ordered and to tell the customer they need to buy our stuff if we already prepare that for them. when i tried to say we should not have ordered at the first place which is her responsibility, i was just shut down.after that i just hoped to die with my 30 years instantly. i was just frustrated of everything and wanted to cease to exist and cried in the corner for 15 minutes.... i think this is what we call power harassment in the office and i guess i was the victim... never felt so miserable but i think this is unfortunately quite common in work life. i am at this company now for 4 years and i realized the senior purchasing colleague is a bigshot because she is good at maintaining her juniors low and never letting anyone overtake her. she keeps all the difficult work for herself so that no one can replace her. so unfortunately, even if she has problems with some colleagues, she is not easily replaceable.today my superior helped me and we had a 2 hour meeting with my director explaining what i did for this project since 2020 and made clear that i never supported the idea to order stuff without commitment from customer. thank god, after that my director believed me and said he will check why our purchasing team ordered the stuff....but still, i still feel miserable for being blamed and that senior colleague from purchasing of mine will for sure continue to do so next time and blame everyone for little mistakes as long as she benefits from that...i used to be such a motivated man when i started working, now i just realize how fuckup this worklife can be.... first mental breakdown at work and cried for 15 minutes
we found out a couple of day ago that my dog needed to be put down we had a beautiful last day with her yesterday technically she wa the family dog but she spent the most time with me and turned into an unofficial support dog for me she ha been with me through trauma and therapy and everything in between she ha been my rock scarlett ha been an anchor point a grounding into the world she ha been the only thing that ha stayed steady in a world of ups and down she wa there no matter the mood or how sick i wa she ha kept me engaged with the outside world walk and beginning interaction she greeted the world with a smile no matter what she forced you to give her affection and in turn forced hers on you she ha been the definition of unconditional love in my life mainly because i can t assume or misunderstand what she doe or say she ha been my safe place both physically and mentally i didn t want to leave her behind not understanding i ve been struggling with everything even with her to bring me calm i don t know how to do this without her i ve been using numbness to try and stop myself from shattering but a it splinter into smaller and smaller piece there s only so long it can hold a i hear the splintering standing on the cliff edge the ground start to shake i know that if i move i will explode into tiny fragment and that i can t escape from the edge of the cliff falling the splinter are so small i won t be able to be put back together without missing piece the fall into the abyss will spread the fragment far and wide there isn t a way to climb back out this time there isn t the energy to hope enough to look i don t want to die specifically i just can t keep doing this anymore i m beyond tired i m spent i can t see any other option i ve tried and tried and tried different treatment i ve pushed to do exercise and socialise and do what other people have decided is the best for me i ve taken medication even with shitty side effect taking some rest time with no appointment or pressure wa lovely but didn t change anything inside i ve been fighting a hard a i can and it hasn t been enough i began having passive suicidality when i wa and having intense trauma later certainly didn t help the past year ha been the hardest and lowest i ve ever reached i ve been in and out of hospital tried over 0 different med tried different therapy than i have in the past had ect and tried emdr i have a whole team mental health social worker psych intervention team a doctor specialist and so on the only advice that i wa given when i explained that i wa too tired wa to push through to keep going because there have been improvement and people think it will change and to be patient for thing to start working and maybe i should try doing more thing or le thing or have extra support or change my dosage or simplify my medication or go to hospital or an outpatient program i can t do anymore i can t keep forcing myself onwards because other people will notice a change in the outside without much of a change inside i know it s a selfish decision and that it doesn t get rid of the pain just pass over to the people around me it will affect them forever it won t disappear with time i can t kid myself that they will get over it a much a i think it will be the better option i know none of them will agree i can t look through rose coloured glass saying it take away the burden it just change it from me to the people around me i d love to say my goodbye with everyone and give them time to grieve and prepare with them have a perfect last day making sure that everyone know i love them and that it is no one s fault doing thing with people that are special for u trying to say everything that i want to to people face to face to give big hug and laugh together one last time i wish i could give everyone that i m so sorry that i can t and for the suffering that brings there is too much to say to all the people who are precious in my life to write down i m sorry i love you you did nothing wrong you are so important to me i m sorry that i stopped trying thank you for our relationship you have added so much joy to my life i believe in you and all you can achieve i m sorry that there is no time to come to term with the idea i know there isn t any combination of word or thought that will make it any easier for anyone i know there isn t anything that i can do to assuage the guilt and pain and anger i wish i could but that doesn t really matter doe it i don t even know if i can commit to finishing a plan everyone seems to think so but i don t know and if i can t go through with it then no one need to worry or be concerned because there isn t actually danger and i can just be unhappy without the need for restriction and people feeling responsibility for me
hi everyone, i am kind of lost, it is kind of hard, i will try my best to explain everything, but i need you guys advices, or at least know what you think about all of this. also, i do not know if it is the right subreddit to post in, but all of this really makes me feel depressed. i am a 24yo european dude living in a small town in france. i had a classic scholarship until 18yo. when i obtained my high school diploma, i took a 1 year break from everything, then did 2 years of college in language studies english init. japanese . those years i was living with my now ex girlfriend. she literally did not care about me at all while i was driving further and further in depression. that is where i got my new passion, thanks to some youtube vloggers japan.life has always been boring. where i live there is no future for anyone. there is no job opportunities, it is depression land, clearly. i am telling that to add the fact that i have always been seeking for a great life. school advisers and parents always made me understand that having dreams and stuff was stupid, that i had to be realistic, and choose a classic path. i was against that. back to my college years and the revelation, i decided for the first time of my life to dedicate myself to this dream making my life in japan.it was tough socially, because people used to think i was a child loving anime and being delusional. but living in japan and learning japanese was things i took very seriously, i literally spent night and days studying the language, and learning about the country, the good and bad aspects, the social codes, etc... everything that i could get with the internet.i signed up on some penpals websites, i was chatting around with some japanese boys and girls, and then this girl e mailed me. i do not want to say too much about it, but we ended up together, we already met a lot well, not since covid 19 , and it is been 1 year and a half now. you know what? i think it is the one, so far. we will see. anyway.i really studied ways to go living in this country, because it is tough.first i wanted to go to a language school, but i needed a lot of money. i also wanted to do a working holiday visa but it also requires a huge amount of money. let us remember the fact that where i live, there is no job offers, and i am not exaggerating the equivalent 3 4 of the population of my town is registered in the french work agency those agencies under the government who deal with job offers and jobless people, that is just how it works in this country . so school and wh visa seems they are impossible goals to reach.a friend of mine already working in japan had a job offer for me as a graphic designer in tokyo. guess what? i am doing graphic design since the age of 11. i have a professional level, i can totally work in this domain. so this friend wanted to recommend me to his manager to hire me when the borders are open.the problem is, and that is what i learned today they were forced to hire someone else because the borders are not going to open until months. which was obvious but i was still believing because, it was the best opportunity i ever had in my entire life, to finally quit this boring life in a small town without any future for anyone, and be who i wanted to be in tokyo, with the dream job, living my best life with the girl i am planning to eventually marry one day.as i said, i was believing, so i was already saving money thanks to a 1 year help from the government so 500 per month for 1 year .today, the day this door closed in front of my nose, i am just sad. i dedicated so much time studying paths to reach my goal, every single path became a closed door. is my destiny being stuck here to my parents house forever?i just lost every single bit of motivation, for studying the language, for keeping it up and doing things right for the future i wanted and still want . happiness is forbidden. all those efforts to be back stuck in the initial position, again. it is like seeing an open door, approaching it, and seeing it closing brutally to your face. i tried many ways to achieve my dreams, everytime it just failed. i do not know what to do anymore, i am just lost. there is my girlfriend waiting for me, we did not meet for so long, and there is my willing to finally start my adult life. what is the point of all of that if life keeps slapping all the doors to my face like this? and it is also about people around me everyone were so hyped up for me to succeed, and i am just failing again.today i wanted to read my books about japan and study a little bit, then the news came out, my friend told me that they hired someone instead of me. i just spent my entire day looking at the ceiling, trying to not have a mental breakdown. happiness is forbidden
i ve made like post already in different part of reddit trying to explain the mess that is myself and my life story but i swear this time i m gon na try and get a grip on all my thought and what i think is messing up me and my life ok first off i don t think i ve had anxiety or at least not nearly a bad until like year ago after i quit my job it wa fine at first but a the year went on i just slowly started to feel more and more like shit right after i graduated high school like almost year ago my dad s alcohol problem really started getting bad and he wa already sort of an asshole but it really ramped up when he started getting wasted every day ditching work not taking care of himself a much etc he started guilt tripping me into taking care of him and it got to the point where i basically had to babysit him until he either fell asleep or ran out of booze mom eventually got to that point too and from there it wa basically constant verbal abuse and a sense of worthlessness until mom finally got disgusted with herself and him and slowly began shaping up but that wa only because they ran out of money both theirs and mine by the time they started becoming relatively functional again my mental state wa fucking shot and i m surprised i m retaining enough sanity to not kick the shit out of them and anyone else all i got out of it wa the neverending fear that if i do anything to upset them they re probably gon na kick me out of the house more on this later now we re living with dad s mom who s crazy but still function much better than either of them and i would be fine around her except she doesn t even want me around and if dad keep getting fucked up then i would be kicked out while he get off with basically no punishment starting the year i quit my job i developed a porn addiction that i didn t even think wa possible until just recently i don t know if it s the main cause of all my problem but if it make me feel any better i ll quit on the spot i want to move out go to college start my own life and all that fun shit so badly but there is no way in hell i m gon na be able to pas class get financial help or even take care of myself in the mental state that i m in right now i m trying to avoid online college because i miss being able to go out and meet people and be a weirdo and there s no way i m gon na get anything done sitting in this house i don t have any idea on what to do except sit around and pray for some sort of miracle because i m completely fucked at this point i can t even bring myself to get out of bed most of the time sometimes i ll fall asleep for no reason and i can t tell if it s because i m freaking out too much or there s something else wrong with me after i ve spend the past couple day reflecting on everything that s happened and constantly fearing that my family will eventually throw me out i think i ve lost my mind i want to believe it ll pas but i have no idea anymore right now i think my best bet is cry until i get enough financial assistance to move out and start college but i have no fucking clue where to begin on that i don t care how low quality my life and housing is i just wan na get away from my crazy fucking family they re one of the few reason i have anxiety whatsoever the only other thing that really give me anxiety are project because i can never finish them presentation because i can never finish them properly and driving to a destination for the first time because my sense of direction is utter shit if i have any other random related thought i ll edit them in but for now i think this get my point across if this post doesn t belong here i ll move or delete it or whatever if this post seems like a mess it s because it is and i m sorry edit ok another thing that really fucking bother me is my parent are always telling me i m so smart and all that but then treat me like a dumbass i really don t feel smart at all especially after how much i struggled in grade middle school and how much trouble i have figuring out anything past basic stuff the only reason this give me anxiety is because if i can t do normal schoolwork there s no way in hell i m gon na be able to do college level work like should i even attempt college when i have nothing going for me edit i forgot to mention the reason i hate when they call me smart or anyone really is because it s just an excuse for me to do more work instead of it being some sort of compliment edit will having a sugar addiction give me anxiety make it worse because ever since i got to grandma s house i ve been eating a lot more sweet junk food because she won t stop buying it if i need to cut that out too i ll try my best tl dr family crazy terrible decision from everyone how do i stop feeling like shit and move out
i really do not know where to begin. i am 38 years old and on my second marriage this will be explained in detail this marriage also includes a 6 year child that is not mine by blood but i still claim as my own . i am feeling really down right now and there has not been anything that can lift me up as i keep finding shit that brings me down. i am really trying to find to positive side of things but it just has not been possible. now, here is a long story of why i just cannot seem to get a break...my first marriage was medicare at first. i honestly did not want to be with her but she won me over and i married her.. we had many years of happiness and life events buying house, cars, etc . i ended up losing my job and joining the army to make ends meet and try to progress our status in life. i was gone from home for at least a year for training then another 6 months for orders due to premobilization of my unit. shortly after i was off to iraq for 16 months. needless to say i was away from my wife and home for quite a long while but i was paying the bills and trying to give her a life she enjoyed.during my mid tour leave i decided to give her a chance to come clean with any doings that i would have a major problem about mainly cheating . she said she started smoking weed but that was all... i do not mind weed but i did not want her hobby to interfere with my security clearance so i asked her to stop by the time i got home. fast forward a while and i found out through her computer that she was sexting another guy, a cop this will play a part later in the story and they were sending pictures and videos back and forth along with skyping all dating back to the time i was in iraq. the first time i found out abou it i told her i wanted a divorce and left our house to live with my friend. she made a deal with me that she would go through an uncontested divorce if i moved back in and went to marriage counseling. if that did not work out then she would grant me my divorce. win win for me i thought....one of the conditions of the consousling was i was able to check her phone whenever i wanted to assure myself that no communication was happening with the cop. i did not find any for months. but i decided to put her to a test and see deleted the dude from her facebook. all while making sure that i could see her text messages even if she deleted them. it was not but hours before i found the first text between them. they were not suppose to be communicating at all and she was trying to hide her tracks by deleting her messages. then i laid another trap, i left for military stuff for a month or so and decided to ask her for nude pictures. my goal was to see if she sent the pictures to the cop. i got the pictures i asked for, and so did the cop... i immediately started the procedure to divorce this woman... now on the the part that hurts the most. i found a woman that made me so happy and i found her during the finalization of my divorce. this woman was everything straight from the start. i told her ever single detail of my life and everything between. i even left the military for this woman i wanted a family and the military is not conducive to that . she already had a baby but that was fine with me. i fell so in love with this woman i asked her to marry me. we got got married, then tragedy, again.our young relationship did have quite a strain. we bought new build houses twice within 2 years and then our house was hit with a tornado. we lost a friendship with someone that took us in to live with them, we lived in a hotel for a few months then covid hit and everything locked down. we managed to move into an apartment during this time but it was still difficult. i managed to get t boned in my truck in which i broke 3 ribs, punctured a lung, and was knocked un conscious. so we had that to deal with. eventually my new family found its way back into out newest tornado house. after we worked so hard to get it repaired.mere months later i found out my wife was sexting with a cop. keep in mind, this is wife 2 now, doing the same thing as wife 1. we are in marriage counseling now but it does not feel like it is helping. as of late i have been asking her if she is still thinking about this guy and she is flat out lieing about it.tonight i found it she was upset over the fact that this shitbag found another girlfriend and that she thinks about him everyday and that she 100 knew there was a connection between them.also, fuck sexlife on netflix because she feels that while the physical portion of that show did not happen, the mental part did with the cop, i found that out tonight as well so yay me... life for the last 15 years has been such garbage i wished i died in iraq. noone else to talk to...
good morning!i have a question regarding medication here in germany. i am in psychotherapy for over a year now with a wonderful psychologist, the thing is, my psychologist lives in crete, greece due to the fact that my partner is greek and it is nearly impossible here in germany to get a psychologist if you are normal insuranced . in germany there are two types of health insurances, based on the field you work in. privately insuranced people are usually higher income. the majority of people are health insuranced as required by law, which usually covers everything, but to get an appointment for specialized doctors, not only talking about psychiatrists, but also talking about doctors like dermatologists, it is a huge advantage to be privately insuranced , because most doctors either only accept privately insuranced patients, because they bring in more money, or do not accept anymore patients at all. now to me. i am a 30 year old male who struggles with mental health issues since i was 19. i always coped with them by myself, because i was gay who was not out yet and because of that always single. that changed when i was 24, when i came out and i thought now my life would change, which it did first. when i met my current partner 5 years ago, i was over the moon. life was good, i had a good job that made me happy, money was stable, i was in love. after 6 months, my problems started. i always had a social phobia, but not in like being afraid about other people, i have never had problems with others. more like going outside, meaning agoraphobia. i always coped with it by myself and after some time my symptoms all related to my stomach nausea, stomach pain, diarrhea, or in general the urge to go to the toilet immediately as soon as i have to go somewhere would get better. but when it got worse when i was together with my partner, it did not get better ever since. i talked to him when it started april 2017 what my issue was and he was, and still is, very understanding, all in all a great man. but life happens. he also had some problems at work, and i really try to support him, but i am not always able to do that because of my agoraphobia, because to relax he just loves to go outside or travel, which i cannot do. and i am noticing, that this is affecting him as well. after some time, maybe after 2 years, he encouraged me to look for a psychotherapist. i do not know how it works elsewhere, but here in germany a psychotherapist is not allowed to medicate you if necessary, for that you need a psychiatrist. so i looked for one. i found two here jn germany, but with both them, i did not really get along with them and i did not feel comfortable with them. and then i found my current psychotherapist, who lives in greece, we have appointments over the internet once a week and we facetime. she is really wonderful and diagnosed me with depressions and suggested to look for a psychiatrist to talk about medications. and that is where the problems start. it is basically impossible for me to find one , because they either only take in privately insuraned patients which i am not or do not accept any patients at all. and i notice that my partner is slipping away. he coped with me for 5 years now and was so patient, but i think his patience is getting to an end. which i understand. he gave up so much for me the last few years not travelling , which makes him happy , and also struggles with his own problems, and he cannot really do anything good for him, because he just wants to travel with me, or at least just go out somewhere, which he cannot with me. i try, but as soon as the day comes when we planned something, i feel sick, basically run in the bathroom every five minutes. and it shows. i really try to not let him see that, because i want to make him happy, but of course he notices and at the end we end up not going somewhere or we do not go out at all. i manage now to go out a little bit there is a caf right next to our place and there is a park nearby where we hang out but we only do these two things, and it is boring him, which i understand. because he just wants to do stuff. and it hurts me to see that he is in pain because of me, because i also affects him mentally. he also goes out with his friends, but he just really want to do other stuff with me too, for which i love him , because he just wants me to feel better. and it would devastate me to see him suffer more. or worse, if he would leave me... which i would i kind of understand though.so, dear readers, has anybody any suggestions? or people from germany, do you have any idea how to get an appointment at a psychiatrist, in hope that a medication would help me? thank you! in search of a psychiatrist in germany
hey people,i really need to talk to someone about this because i really do not know myself anymore. am i in deppresion? amp x200b here is the thing, i have been feeling like this for a few months now. i am an hisghschool student and this is my last year so i will be heading to university next year. and i am the ambitious type so i have been and will keep working real hard for getting accepted to a good university and it will consume a lot of my time but the truth is, if i do not have anything to i start thinking and it is not really fun for me because when i think, i just feel alone. i feel really alone. i have some frinds. you can even say i have a lot of friends. i have really close friend too that listen to me when i am sad of talking about a problem. the thing is tho it just does not work. i have not really talked to this in lenght to anyone but when i kind of open the coversation, i just feel that they just will not understand and stop talking. change the topic. i feel that they just will not understand. they cannot. they are out there living their life, having fun, flirting or meeting new people and i feel like i am just the figurant in these stories. i do not feel like the protagonist of my own life anymore. i just feel like a figurant when i am with people and i just feel awfully alone when i am by myself. i used to like being to myself and listening to music. it just bores me anymore. i get bored when i am with people too. it just feels like everyone is living their lives to the fullest and i am watching on the sidelines. i feel alone. really alone.i used to have a lover a few months back but i broke up with her. not because something she did. i just could not see her that often anymore and i did not really love her anymore as well.she was my first and i was hers but after we did it for the first time, she told me that she did'nt want to do it for some time. that really hurt me. i know because she is a women she has a larger say in this but that was very hurtful and our relationship was not the same after that night. i broke up with her around one months later. i never regretted my decision to breakup with her but i have been feeling really alone since then. i do not really have suicidal thoughts of anything. i mean to be honest i sometimes think bout suicide but i do it just briefly and i do not take it seriously. it has been kind of happening on an increasing rate laltey though. still i do not do it that often i do not think that is problem for now.i like alcohol. not too much i am not an alcoholic. but i like how when i am drunk, my problems disappear. its like i levae my problems for the future me. the problem is, i have not been enjoying alcohol lately as well. when i drink, i just get sad and listen to music in some corner now. isolate myself. i drink kind of alot lately as well. not everyday of anthing but it has been increasing.i feel like i am not an important person for anyone except my family and they know only the side i show them and i know only the side they show me. i do not think people are genuine when they talk to me about their general feelings. i just do not trust people truly. i just think that they are screenig a play, a facade. you might say that i feel alone jst because i do not have a love interest but it is not like that. i am not a playboy or anything so i did not have a lover for most of my life. the relation i talked about was the longest it was two months. the problem is tho, i never really felt this way, this alone. i really did not feel like this before and it really discomfots me.when i do not have a task that i have to to, i just do not want to do anyrhing anymore. i do not want to sleep but i do not want stay awake too because i know the day doesn t have anyrhing more to give me. i know my problem is as serious as most people that are truly in clinical depression but i need to know. what do i do how do i get on with my lonely life. i have hobbies i play the guitar, i really like history and videogames. watchin moves too but i have not been enjoying them as much lately. i just do not feel like i have the time for 2 hour movies, i do not enjoy videogames anymore and they just bore me after 1 hour. i used to play the guitar for hours before once i have started, noe i just play 1 2 songs and quit. what is this feeling i feel like i cannot breath freely like there is a weight above me.i thought it was stress but now i am in summer holiday and nothing has changed. there was not that serious of a school because of covid anyways. is it loneliness? i presumed it was at first and i still think that some part of it is loneliness. but i am afraid that it goes deeper. amp x200b wht do i do now? am i in depression?
i m on mobile so please excuse me i m also a first time poster on here female i quit a job i had for year last year in may of 0 i wa really good at that job one of the top people even if it wa just a warehouse job i wa a trainer i knew how to do everything and a lot wa expected of me everyday my bos wa incredibly verbally abusive to everyone i didn t realize it for a few year but my last two year being there she wa talking bad about everybody behind their back and just being a horrible human i finally quit one day when i got a different job with an old coworker i wa working that job for about month before i started to struggle going at first it wa because i felt inadequate and tired all the time i have a problem with being new at thing it progressed to a new coworker there wa starting to push my boundary a little bit older man telling me what to do and making me feel dumb which i know is my own issue i realize this whole post is my own issue but anyway i ended up leaving that job because every time i wa there i wa going to the bathroom to cry at least once and i couldn t make myself do it anymore and between that place and the job i m at now i had three other job one wa amazon delivery the other wa a daycare and the one before that wa just instacart i couldn t make enough money on instacart to even be a part time job it wa also putting stress on my car but i loved being able to work for myself basically and create my own hour i hated how the kid at daycare were treated and it disgusted me to the point i couldn t work there anymore and amazon hour were terrible and i wasn t getting home until 9 00 p m which doe not work for my year old son i finally got this job in january of this year and so far it ha been pretty good but i ve noticed that i m struggling to go a full 0 hour pay period in the past month i ve missed seven day which is a lot i suppose i just wake up in the morning and struggle to go and a voice in my head tell me that i don t need to and everything will be okay even if i decide not to go a long a the excuse i have is good enough and then i get so anxious about going back that i decide to stay home the next day and the day after that i m currently on my third day of being at home and even though i have a good excuse i m sure they don t believe me a little bit i don t know what s wrong with me i ve always been a hard worker and up until my breaking point last year i didn t know what this wa i still don t know what it is that i m feeling i m not feeling entitlement or anything like that i just feel empty and numb and what s the point of going i have to have a verbal argument with myself let me say that again with myself i literally have to talk out loud to myself and argue that i have a house payment i have bill i have a kid who also ha bill what is wrong with me my family on both side ha history of depression and i have unprofessionally diagnosed adhd my mom ha anxiety disorder last year when i quit my job i left because of the work environment and how bad it wa and now my new job it s more laid back but it s the same kind of job nd i m constantly worried i m being talked about and that i m not good enough to be there my anxiety from the other job is transferring here for no reason everyone is incredibly nice i m also struggling internally because i really want to go to college and get a better kind of job but i don t know what i want to do yet i m feeling overwhelmed by it because i m a single mom and i don t know how i m going to be able to go to school and work at the same time so i guess for the past couple month i ve also felt pretty trapped feeling like i ll never work for myself and i ll never get a good job because i can t figure my life out but ha anyone experienced this kind of feeling at my age i don t know if it s burnout or if it s related to my cptsd that i have from a physically abusive relationship from year ago i ve tried looking it up on google i ve tried listening to meditational motivation stuff and anyone give me help in the form of advice i don t want to be like this forever i know it s understandable to not want to work but i should be at work literally right now and instead i m in bed speak texting this because i know something s wrong with me i can t afford to do anything therapy right now so just any insight or story from when you were my age and you broke a little bit i m just scared and tired and i want to kick myself in the as but i don t know how and i don t have the energy too i really don t need to hear anything negative about me because i can tell you i m already thinking it i just feel like a waste of space who can t get her s together that my son deserves a better parent than me
maybe a long post, i do not care who reads this. i just have a lot of stuff i want to get off my chest. or maybe i just want someone to listen, who knows lolanyway as the title says, i am really convinced i will one day kill myself. maybe not right now, but i am sure it will definitely happen. i have always had suicidal thoughts, i have even tried to attempt many times. so i know i have it in me to do it, i just do not know when, or what is stopping me. i am only 17 and i feel like i have so much going on. i have been put on an antidepressant early last month, and i have been going to therapy ever since, but i still feel so hopeless and so disgusted with myself. my self hate is sometimes unbearable, to the point i do not eat or ever take care of myself. i have lost so much weight over the past couple months it is scarring my familyi feel like the medicine i am on has helped me be more social around my family and in a better mood, sorry if this sounds strange but i kind of feel like i am better able to hide my feelings? almost like i am wearing a mask around everyone. i still feel the same as i have always been, still hating myself, not eating, yknow the same stuff i have been doingi want to tell my therapist that i have been having suicidal thoughts recently like a bunch , but i do not want to scare my family i am a minor so i believe my therapist will tell my parents , or maybe even be sent somewhere. it is also gotten to the point where i have really vivid dreams about death, or killing myself and being happy about it. i have also have been struggling with self harm for the past months too, and i feel like i have been doing it more than usual. i have been doing it on my thigh so it is been easy to hide, but i have gone against my self rule of not doing it on my wrist. everything is weird, the pain does not really bother me anymore. i will do anything to maybe hate myself less. i want to reach out about these problems to someone, but like i said earlier i am scared. i cannot imagine what will happen when my family finds out i have been self harming. sometimes i even catch myself making plans to kill myself, thinking about how i would do it, when, the most painless and quickest way to do it. i have came to conclusion that hanging myself may be my best bet, but to do it at night. i know my family would miss me, and i would because great pain, but honestly i do not care what happens. as long as i am not here, as long as i am not me, i do not want to exist anymore. i hate it i hate everythingi swear i feel so horrible about everything, anything i do, sometimes i will have to catch myself because i feel i have embarrassed myself or that i am doing to much. i have not even really been doing my favorite things anymore, i have not even been listening to music which i used to everyday. i just sit and do nothing, i cannot bring myself to find the motivation to do anythingi also start school soon, like next month and this will be my second year at this new school. and also my final year of highschool. honestly my junior year was horrible, my grades were falling, and i literally had no friends, when i tell you i would literally not open my mouth to talk to anyone i mean it. i feel weird about talking to people, i feel i am not worth anyone's time so why bother? i feel i really gave up that year, i did not try with outfits, i just wore a hoodie and jeans every single day. i cannot imagine how i will feel when i start again, i do not know if i can handle it again. but i guess yay it is my last year loli also have some online friends, and i have been kind of distancing myself from them. part of it is that i do not really feel like talking to anyone, and another part of it is because i feel super left out. sometimes i catch myself getting upset or angry, even though i am not there? maybe i am mad because i do not really get attention, i just wish people would care about me yknow? sometimes i catch myself going out my way to get someone is attention, or like do something i know that my friends like? idk what to call it, sometimes i feel so left out, but it is also my fault i guess i feel left out? idk man, i have not even been talking to anyone at all, i just wish someone would reach out to me and ask how i am doing. but if i reach out to someone i feel like a huge bother, and my thoughts go racingidk things right now are strange, i am about to enter adult life and i am scared as fuck, i cannot imagine being by myself or doing adult things. i cannot even imagine myself being successful at that, i feel like i am going to get no where if i am being honest with you i am convinced the way i will die will be me ending my life
19 years old, male, from the philippines. the lockdown here has been going on for 2 years and more now. it completely sucks here. not only the government, but also the parenting style and community. my parents are giant narcissist, gaslighting bastards, apathetic, scapegoating, victim blaming, and abusive people. i grew up as a kid being parentified by my mom, while experiencing how my dad openly cheated on my mom while wasting the money we have. i did not feel like i grew with a father because he never tried to form an emotional connection with me. when he does, it will be him giving something while saying he worked his ass of for it so we should be grateful for it. he has forever glorified himself having a job, and he will use it in any arguments we had i am the one who has the job, who feeds you, and who gives you everything. be fucking grateful! in his words. i would be beaten up by him with a belt as a kid so it has left me traumatized by flinching at anything that is loud, surprising, or both. he has not changed from my childhood until now, except it has only gotten worse as time goes on. he has endlessly made me hate him with no possible resolutions. calling me a failure, useless, good for nothing, and disgrace of a son does not help at all. he is the reason why i despise cheating, abusive, and manipulative people with a passion. his god complex shows to everyone else. it does not help that he is a cop so his temper is extremely bad. he has a fragile ego that will automatically collapse when told he is wrong or disagreed with. he also thinks he is doing our pets a favour by caging and leashing them their entire lives. he is truly an abusive piece of shit that does not deserve a family of his own. he is a manchild that accidentally had children.as for my mother, she is the epitome of gaslighting, victim blaming, and narcissism. you literally cannot talk to her without her taking it personally. like my horrible father, she also thinks the world revolves around her. this is the person who made me go through parentification as a fucking 6 year old. until now, i have been her downpour of traumas, pain, bad memories, and rants. i am literally exhausted from everything because of this. and i have to listen to her or else everything turns bad she manipulates my father to teach me a lesson. she also believes she cannot be wrong. she strongly believes feng shui, the supernatural, superstition, and the occult. she has made our entire lives revolve around superstition. i have been gaslighted by her for who knows how much i do not even know if my feelings are valid anymore. she would try to have an emotional connection with me, but she would just make it about herself after. literally goes and minimizes my experiences just because she thinks she had it worse. if i have not said it before, these two are very religious. they would rather pray and complain instead of doing something. they are fanatics of the horrible president we have, and they think everyone should respect them.as their child, i am riddled with face and body acne with no help at all to relieve it father had extreme face acne, mom has extreme body acne but no help from them. instead, i am called out for being careless about my body and face by both of them for years. they also told me that it will just go away anyway like theirs , so no medicine is needed. due to it, i experienced a lot of bullying in my highschool years because of my acne. i could not form proper connections with others and often dressed weirdly to hide my body. i was called the pimple king by my classmates i wanted to kill myself so much from it because i had no one to talk to about it.fast forward to now, i have fought and kind of got some freedom, but here i am again wanting to fucking die. i had already wanted to die from my highschool daysabout 6 yearscontinuously. i had attempts but none worked. i am doing everything in the house, yet i am called a fucking failure yet again by my piece of shit father for something i did not do our cat accidentally unplugged the doorbell ringer, which my father uses to call us when he needs us for something, in our room. when he realized there was not any doorbell noises, he checked it out and saw it was unplugged. he called me a failure for it because i do not care about anything and do not have a sense for anything . these days, i cannot find anything enjoyable, interesting, or fun anymore. i just want to die. i am trying to find something to do, but my brain just rings out what is the point? and i stop. i am just in bed right now wanting to fucking die. someone take my life please. please. long post someone kill me please
i feel like i have always had one sided friendships. like i am always the one who puts in all the work. and it sucks because it used to hurt less. when i was a kid, before i moved for the first time, friendships were easy. my best friend lived a few houses down and wed have sleepovers all the time. we did not have phones so we would talk and hangout during recess and on the weekends. and then i moved. and i was the weird new kid. it took me three years to make friends. and just when i started to fit in, we moved again. and again, i was the weird new kid. i would somehow find my way into friend groups that were already established. but because they would known each other forever, they never included me in anything. because i was not really one of them. i bounced around friend groups for 3 years. until i met the new weird girl. we bonded over how shitty moving was and we made fast friends. we are still best friends more than 10 years later. we made our own friend group and it was nice. but she graduated 2 years before i did. and the year after she left, my friend group changed. we took in two freshman that seemed to hate me for no other reason than i was the defacto leader. they thought they were hot shit and gossiped and lied and turned my friends against me. except one. and i was... okay. i had other friends and spent time on the sidelines in their friend groups. but then they all graduated. or moved. and it was just me and a school full of people who either hated me or did not know i existed. i was facing senior year alone and with the worst schedule i had ever seen a senior have. so i dropped out. cut off all my hair. attended the local community college to get my ged. kept my head down mostly. did not really make friends. after i got my ged i kept taking classes. nothing in particular, just general stuff. edged my way into more friend groups. again, they never made plans with me. but i was used to it. i did my own thing. and i was ok. i had a job then. and a semi decent boyfriend. i wasted two years in college and never got enough credits to even really count as half a year. dropped out. lost all my school friends when i stopped going to school. worked and spent time with my boyfriend. life was good i had my best friend who hung out with me all the time, a good job, and a semi decent boyfriend. and then we broke up. and my parents moved. so i moved. in with a man twice my age in a state id never been to. and he went to work in alaska. left me alone in a house with four animals to look after, a job that gave me four hours a week and a freezer full of burritos. i made one friend that was a good friend. kept me company when i needed it. washed my dishes if i made him food. took me out places. he was probably the only reason i am still alive. then the man who is house i lived in came back. i somehow managed to get back with my ex in that time and i moved with my parents to another state id never been in. the friend who would saved me stopped texting. stopped responding. after six months of no friends and no job, i moved back to my hometown to be with my boyfriend. who kicked me out in less than a month. so i lived with my sister. and her two kids, husband and fil. slept on a cot in my niece's room. eventually broke up with my boyfriend. worked too many hours in a job that sucked and did not have time or money to make friends. in a desperate move, i moved in with a new partner. to a different state. this one i would at least visited. i got a job. we had nice roommates. everything was nice. until my partner had a mental breakdown. moved out. left me alone where i could not afford the rent. so i moved across the country, back to my parents. where i live still. i have been here for two years. no job. a wonderful boyfriend who loves me and one friend. that never reaches out if i do not reach out first. never wants to spend time with me unless i ask. and suddenly i am back in middle school. a depressed fuck with no real friends, no motivation and a the biggest wish to have never existed in the first place. shitty friends are the worst. i do not even try anymore. i do not want to try anymore. i want to fade into the background until no one remembers i ever existed. if you are reading this, know that i do not want to die. i do not want to stop living. my death would be too painful to people i care about. i would never do that to them. but if a genie came to me and gave me one wish, i would ask to have never been born. obviously, there is a lot more going on that fuels my depression but this is the most prevalent right now. rant. down in my feels tonight. it is a long one.
i honestly do not even know where to start. i do not want to dox myself or share my entire life story, so i will try to keep this concise and to the point.in the spring of 2020, i went to rehab. afterwards, i moved out of state and spent 6 months in sober living. i had originally planned to spend a year and possibly start a whole new life in this new state, but as fate would have it, my dad's health kept getting worse and worse. trying to be a good son, i moved back home to look after him. i will be forever grateful for being able to spend the last 2 weeks or so of his life with him. he died 2 days before christmas. i stayed with my dad's brother for about a week, that was not working out. my uncle's oldest son, feeling bad for me, offered to let me stay with him and his wife on the condition that i stayed sober and found a job so that i could pay rent. i ended up staying with them for about 6 months, until i had had enough. one day, i overheard him talking with his brother on the phone bragging about how well i was doing and how hard i was working. here is what killed it for me he then starts talking about how my parents did not make it easy for me they f cked him up pretty good , and then he went for the jugular i loved uncle redacted , god love him, but he was a f ck up .like dude, it is not enough that i am working full time, i am paying you money to stay here, and when i am not busting my hump at my paying job i am cleaning your house, washing dishes, vacuuming, cleaning the yard, doing all the things that you are too lazy to do so you wait for your wife to deal with it. so really, i am doing all these things for free to make her life easier since you will not, and you thank me by disrespecting insulting my dad who just died?! oh hell no. to this day, i still have not confronted him. instead, i have chosen to forgive him, but i will never forget how that made me feel.in the effort to save face and leave as gracefully as possible, i said thank you both for your hospitality, i will be forever grateful, it is time for me to be my own man and go my own way. that was the end of june. i have been homeless ever since.the little bit of money i have managed to save not squander away , i have been slowly bleeding away living in hotels. my 2 weeks notice at my job will be up next friday, after which i will be attending a trade program for 6 weeks. i am in my mid 30's, never finished 4 year college although i have an associate's degree , and these last few years i have really been racking my brain trying to figure out what to do with my life. i mean, i am currently working at an auto parts factory making under 12 an hour and have been working 13 hour days for a while now and have literally nothing to show for it. i am sick and tired of breaking myself down day in and day out, a prisoner of the time clock. it is time for me to find something that will pay way better than what i am doing now, something where i can make a good life for myself without breaking my back, something i can see me doing until i retire.i got paid today, and i get paid again on the 6th. whatever i make between now and the 6th is going to have to last me til i graduate school about halfway through september. i have reached out to friends and family on fb to see if anyone can or is willing to help, hell i would even take a sublease at this point. so far, no luck. even my own mom asked me if i knew anyone who was looking to rent out a room.about the only possible saving grace i can think of at this point would either be to reach out to my local housing authority and live in section 8 for a while, or to liquidate my stock portfolio and try live off that until i graduate school in september. i would really rather not have to go that route if i can help it because the stock in question is potentially poised to take the f ck off soon and i would hate to miss out on a possible once in a lifetime opportunity. normally, my dad would be my 1st consultation regarding such matters, but he is gone and about the only other person i have in this world that i can talk to without fear of judgement is his sister, my beloved aunt who in many ways is more of like a mother than my own flesh and blood.i feel lost, you all. i am broke, depressed, mourning, stressed, burnt out, tired, hurting and i have no idea what to do.tl dr i have been homeless since the beginning of this month after leaving my cousin's house because i refused to tolerate any further disrespect. now, i am trying to make what little money i have last until after i graduate trade school in september. it can only get better from here, right?
this is my first reddit post ever. i am wondering is this suicidal ideation the normal one i have always had, just with some of the emotion and anxiety lifted because of the meds? or is it additional from the meds? before the meds i have thought a lot about it and known already that it would be more preferable to not live in this horrid world than it would be. i am 36 so have had time to think and learn about the state of things. i am not the type to do the typical life with kids house all that stuff. i am really philosophical and get caught up in existential crisis all the time, the fact alone that people eat animals sends me into a dark spiral of not wanting to exist anymore. and then i think about things like people force feeding street drugs to babies,..and obviously everything else that happens. and that people do not give a shit. about. anything. the earth, animals,other humans,anything. its sickening amd i just cannot handle it anymore.anyway, i do not think there is anything wrong with not wanting to live in a world like this, after all we were never given a choice. in fact i think it is normal not to want to, but that is just hushed in our society.so before starting the ssri generic lexapro i already knew and felt this, but was so overwhelmed with these thoughts and extreme extreme emotion and panic from it, along w the disarray of late diagnosed and unmanaged adult adhd life, i felt like i was exploding more every day. i could not even think about existence because it is just too unfathomable and awful that this is how things are. i was at my wits end and its what eventually made me decide to take the ssri in addition to already taking a very low dose stim for adhd , which i was resisting for a long time. always been anti meds but literally could not stand carrying on this way, so was desperate to try anything. i did not even care about my natural healing beliefs anymore. now, almost 1.5 month into the ssri, it is like the emotion amd anxiety about this has lifted, but the knowledge is still there. i am very clear and calm about it now. i am working on paying down my debt, which was another source of my woes, and finally in a financial position to be able to do it. and regularly think about once i get all of my debt paid down and all of my shit squared off, i can then consider planning an exit, if my attempts at happiness or even just contentment do not work. i am close with my sisters and family but they just started having kids, have their lives, and do all of that now, i am so far removed from wanting or relating to any of that, and while i love them deeply and they and my cats are the main reason i would not voluntarily leave this earth... each of us can only suffer for so long right? am i supposed to exist in hatred and stress forever because i do not want them to be sad about me leaving? i know it would be terrible for them amd selfish of me but in the end, they have their lives and their families and their kids and they would be able to move on with each other. the more they start developing their own families, the more detached i become and drawn towards this plan. and i am not irrational, it is not like i would just leave all my hoarded crap for them to deal with. i would tie up all my loose ends first and make sure my cats had someone to care for them. plus honestly, its almost like its motivation for me to get my shit together, to fix my financial life. and it is almost like i am planning a vacation or a trip, i feel the same way, that same eagerness or like i have this thing in the distance that i can look forward to. i have always needed things like that, probably the adhd, to know there is something coming up. its just that this something happens to be the end of everything. which is relief!so... is this alarming? i do not feel like it is, i cannot emphasize how surprisingly calm i feel about it. and like i have a secret too. but because i have never felt calm about it before, just want to reach out and see opinions. does anyone else feel this way and do you agree that its kindof more alarming to want to exist in this kind of world? at least if you are paying attention. and do not have kids to exist for.and i know i can talk to my or a therapist but i also do not want them freaking out and making a big deal out of it, that is why i would never tell family or the few friends i have. i think we are entitled to have these ideas. mostly just wondering if the ssri is strengthening them or just lifting the emotion out of it. sorry so long. any thoughts appreciated suicidal ideation, recent ssri, should i be alarmed?
this is my first reddit post ever. i am wondering is this suicidal ideation the normal one i have always had, just with some of the emotion and anxiety lifted because of the meds? or is it additional from the meds? before the meds i have thought a lot about it and known already that it would be more preferable to not live in this horrid world than it would be. i am 36 so have had time to think and learn about the state of things. i am not the type to do the typical life with kids house all that stuff. i am really philosophical and get caught up in existential crisis all the time, the fact alone that people eat animals sends me into a dark spiral of not wanting to exist anymore. and then i think about things like people force feeding street drugs to babies,..and obviously everything else that happens. and that people do not give a shit. about. anything. the earth, animals,other humans,anything. its sickening amd i just cannot handle it anymore.anyway, i do not think there is anything wrong with not wanting to live in a world like this, after all we were never given a choice. in fact i think it is normal not to want to, but that is just hushed in our society.so before starting the ssri generic lexapro i already knew and felt this, but was so overwhelmed with these thoughts and extreme extreme emotion and panic from it, along w the disarray of late diagnosed and unmanaged adult adhd life, i felt like i was exploding more every day. i could not even think about existence because it is just too unfathomable and awful that this is how things are. i was at my wits end and its what eventually made me decide to take the ssri in addition to already taking a very low dose stim for adhd , which i was resisting for a long time. always been anti meds but literally could not stand carrying on this way, so was desperate to try anything. i did not even care about my natural healing beliefs anymore. now, almost 1.5 month into the ssri, it is like the emotion amd anxiety about this has lifted, but the knowledge is still there. i am very clear and calm about it now. i am working on paying down my debt, which was another source of my woes, and finally in a financial position to be able to do it. and regularly think about once i get all of my debt paid down and all of my shit squared off, i can then consider planning an exit, if my attempts at happiness or even just contentment do not work. i am close with my sisters and family but they just started having kids, have their lives, and do all of that now, i am so far removed from wanting or relating to any of that, and while i love them deeply and they and my cats are the main reason i would not voluntarily leave this earth... each of us can only suffer for so long right? am i supposed to exist in hatred and stress forever because i do not want them to be sad about me leaving? i know it would be terrible for them amd selfish of me but in the end, they have their lives and their families and their kids and they would be able to move on with each other. the more they start developing their own families, the more detached i become and drawn towards this plan. and i am not irrational, it is not like i would just leave all my hoarded crap for them to deal with. i would tie up all my loose ends first and make sure my cats had someone to care for them. plus honestly, its almost like its motivation for me to get my shit together, to fix my financial life. and it is almost like i am planning a vacation or a trip, i feel the same way, that same eagerness or like i have this thing in the distance that i can look forward to. i have always needed things like that, probably the adhd, to know there is something coming up. its just that this something happens to be the end of everything. which is relief!so... is this alarming? i do not feel like it is, i cannot emphasize how surprisingly calm i feel about it. and like i have a secret too. but because i have never felt calm about it before, just want to reach out and see opinions. does anyone else feel this way and do you agree that its kindof more alarming to want to exist in this kind of world? at least if you are paying attention. and do not have kids to exist for.and i know i can talk to my or a therapist but i also do not want them freaking out and making a big deal out of it, that is why i would never tell family or the few friends i have. i think we are entitled to have these ideas. mostly just wondering if the ssri is strengthening them or just lifting the emotion out of it. sorry so long. any thoughts appreciated suicidal ideation, recent ssri, should i be alarmed?
i don t know if i have depression anymore a few year ago i wa convinced i did since i didn t have much joy left in my hobby game or many show and i know when this thing all started back in primary school i m in uk there wa this autistic kid named patrick he appeared nice at the beginning but i had a bad feeling about him i felt bad that i did since he wa autistic and back then i wa told that you should never judge someone because of appearance or disability for that i wanted to be his friend along with everyone else after a few day of trying i realised why i had the bad feeling it turned out that patrick wa a bully and he always called me name and pushed me and hit me every time i wa even near him and of course i went to a teacher guess what they did drumroll nothing they said he couldn t help it because he wa autistic this went on for a year after a year of this the other boy in the class joined in and called me name and i only had friend through all of this let call one b and the other l when i wa hanging out with b she offered a sweet they had one of and i wa thankful for her kindness the next day b told l that i stole it from her and i now lost my only friend another year of this and still nothing but i had one friend we ll call her m m wa a girl i liked i matured fast after a while of hanging out with m i asked her to be my girlfriend and she said yes month of more bullying but being with m i wa sad about not having friend but happy that i wa with m m slowly stopped hanging out with me and soon enough she started hanging out with b month later me and m were over m wa always talking to b i talked to no one i stopped going outside apart from school whenever m asked me to come outside i never said yes anymore i just sunk myself into a rabbit hole of youtube video p game and especially fortnite when it wa popular after summer holiday i went back to school and i gave up on making friend or doing work that year i always got mad whenever someone insulted me and i walked out of the classroom still teacher did nothing they actually called my carers and said i might have autism or anger issue absolutely ignoring the fact i wa being bullied right in front of them it definitely didn t help that the teacher for our class wa always on the girl side and soon enough i felt like i wanted to murder some of my classmate and i forgot to mention that i became friend with one of the boy that bullied me last year but he didn t really talk to me much after i started reading news story about depression abuse treatment of kid mental health etc and i came to the conclusion that adult couldn t help in this situation so i had to stop my anger before it even started i tried to stop sleeping because i thought if i wa tired enough my brain would be to weak to show emotion i soon enough had no friend didn t get much sleep didn t go outside apart from school and that s only through the course of and a half year primary i decided i wa gon na better myself and actually do my work i got to level in subject i talked to my friend more i became friend with m again after m and b had a fight they stopped being friend so in that year the teacher were the true problem and patrick of course let s call teacher one c and no d d wa the one i hated the most d intentionally made fun of the fact my dad left my mother when i wa born d also heard patrick call me name and hit me and breathe in my face multiple time i burst out of the room and went outside then d found me and acted like he didn t know what happened the deliberately said get back inside or i ll call your dad that made me so angry that i shouted right in his face and i went back inside angrily patrick still annoyed me and still teacher ignored it after covid erupted we went off school and it wa great skip to primary and patrick finally started getting in trouble by one teacher only teacher c after a while of him actually getting in trouble he came up with a plan he decided to tell teacher c to go home and kill themself and when it happened teacher c went out with watering eye and the head teacher came in and said to him patrick that s not nice don t say it again teacher c still got him in trouble and he gave up on stopping her nothing much happened that year he still bullied me but i tuned all of it out since i couldn t care anymore nor could i get angry anymore all my anger wa used up now i m in s and people call me emo just because of my long fringe no one want to be friend with me everyone annoys me for no reason most of my primary school friend are no longer talking to me i gave up do i have depression
still live with my parents, still a minor yeah. not for long though, wish i could cherish my youth for what its worth since i never really got to get out of the house much or have anything closely resembling a healthy functioning friendship. just overcontrolling and overbearing parents with shit abusive colleagues. parents left for a business trip, 'bout a week. two days ago, was melding over my dwindling sanity and the increasing gaps in my memory. i cannot remember shit about any traumatic events i may or may not have had in the past, so it is quite depressing to think that maybe they just never happened in the first place. i have no real reason to be depressed so it is quite likely that i am just doing all of this for the attention. at least that is what i have been told. cracked out alcohol, since i cannot cry. have not been able to cry for a very long while. parents used to beat me for crying, colleagues used to beat me as well. school when i was younger was shit, used to get beaten up a lot. broke my nose twice, a few other bones in my body. belittled and broken down so fucking much it bled straight through to the point where i had a decent sized portion of my adolescence where i was obsessed with the idea of transitioning to abandon my entire previous personality and set of memories since i could not cope with them anymore. still fucks me over to this day, and although i might have found a balance for a softer guy type personality it still does not play well at times. right, sidetracking. alcohol. thought it might help me unbottle some emotion to the point where it overflowed and i might cry again. have not eaten anything proper for months now, usually just half a meal a day, think a sandwich, maybe two on a good day , so the alcohol kicked in really quickly. sisters were going to be back so i counteracted with around 7 8 espressos in a large mug. looking back that was probably a bad idea. i never got around to crying. instead, sitting on bathroom tile for hours on end, i just took more and more aspirin with ibuprofen to get around to finally biting the dust. i have been trying for years now, it just never really worked out since the probability of a proper death and not just oh great i fucking survived and now my parents are going to ship me to a monastary type lifestyle, but then i just could not give less of a fuck. necked down 6 7 aspirin and 25 ibuprofen when a really bad habit kicked in. i tend to cut myself. right around my thigh, so that it is easier to hide. usually i just cut once twice, never revisiting the same wound but goddamn this time i was persistent. cut the same area multiple times till i hit the femoral artery. alcohol, ib, aspirin, and caffeine make for one hell of a whack combo, and then i was bleeding out to death as well. over the course of the next few hours i proceeded to loose a lot of blood. funny how the only time i am ever smart and live up to the expectations others have of me is when i am trying to kill myself. i have no idea how much, but i had a really fucking bad fever, tremors, and a few others but i have no idea what happened after i got in bed. bled through the damn mattress, and the only thing that saved my life was a belt and some salt. strapped it so tightly around my leg i have no idea why i stopped the bleeding, i do not remember 80 of the shit that happened two days ago, as usual, but the thing that was the scariest was the relentless sense of loneliness. it is why i am here now, two days later. alone in a dark room, desperately calling every number in the contact book to see if someone will pick up, someone to save me from the same nightmare, but no one is there. i am all alone. i know i deserve it, but it is still scary. after all this time, years on end of loneliness i still cannot get over it. i would say i am a kid at heart but after the things i have done in the past the guilt just will not let go. all i know is that life is fucking scary, man. i apologize for the mega condensed version of this. yes this is on a new account, i do not want people in my personal life knowing what the fuck is going on. if i managed to do one thing right, it was hide this whole fucked incident from my sisters and brother in law without them guessing what the fuck was going on. i did not touch on some of the finer stuff but i suppose that is to be clarified later. i also know there is a decent chance this will get removed, to which i tell the moderators that it is pretty understandable. whatever happens typing this out helped me a little at least. depression, amnesia and death, oh my.
i m pregnant with my four child third baby daddy he left me about two week ago after assuring me he would be there for me and this child regardless a he knew i didn t want to raise another child alone i can t go thru with a abortion my two other kid are about to be and year of age there are no day care place i would be able to take my baby after it s born i don t have a mother or any sister family to help i will literally have no choice but not to work and eventually evicted from the house i rent i have worked so hard to make a nice life for me and my two kid now after being kicked off my family s property i lived in for 9 year i am native american so it s trust land i wa always told i would be able to live on i have kept the house i rent now for year ab raised my two child i have now for their entire life myself i did everything i could to give them a better life then i ever had and tried to be a mom i never had and parent all around i never had i had a shit childhood like most of u do i wa a product of a sale my mother wa a whore and my donor wa a customer my two brother and i were never wanted or meant to be when my mom disappeared during a custody battle my grandmother made my dad take me in she wanted to take care of me because she thought it wa right my donor could care le rather i lived or died i wasn t wanted and he will tell you that his self my grandma passed away due to alzheimer s when i wa about so my donor had to play dad during this time he used me a his personal punching bag and he allowed my brother who had molested me since the age of four to do the same i ran away at the age of and made a series of bad decision everyone say i m so strong for what i have been thru and over come but i feel if i wasn t so weak and stupid i would not of even gone thru those thing i have been held down and raped by cousin a stranger at gun point the guy i ran away to at lied to abused to the point if i have hearing loss and loose front teeth due to the beating from men shot with a and hit twice by the bullet it s like i wasn t ever supposed to be and life kept trying to make up for it mistake by trying to unalive me multiple time but here the hell i am i love my kid so much and don t want to leave them however i will have no way to support them once this new baby come and i just don t know what to do the people i rent from say they will help me a much a they can but they are elderly and i don t know if they can do this for another year till my baby can go to day care i know i should of got birth control and i use to have it but my lupus make it so i get clot with most birth control and others are dangerous i know i should of used a condom but love is my drug and so i m stupid when it come to men i know this is all my fault and killing myself will leave my kid with a man who doesn t really love them like a father doe just like what happened to me i know this and it kill me but i just don t know what else to do any more i m such a fucking joke as failure and i didn t want my life to be like this i have just been trying to pick up the piece and make the best my while life now i m here and i don t know what to do but end my life i have worked most of my life since the age of so i know my kid father with get money from the state if i pas away so maybe they will help him be a better father and maybe his wife will feel sorry for them and love them too i am too coward to take a gun and do it myself because i m afraid i ll fuck it up i just want someone to do it for me or tell me how to commit suicide by cop or the least painful way to do this i have no one nothing no friend or family just mt kiddos the people i rent from and the day care lady i wa saving to buy a place with this last guy now i ll have to use that to pay for our life once the baby is here till it all run out then i ll have to sell thing till it s just here minimum so we can live in my truck my kid deserve better my son is such a sweet boy and my daughter is so strong and beautiful they deserve so much better then i ll be able to give them soon i use to pay k for birthday party now i ll be lucky to even get them a hostess cup cake when their birthday some around please don t tell me i have so much to live for i know my kid need me and i know this just passed the pain to them but i have no option i m week pregnant a of right now and i can t bare to have a abortion and yes i thought of adoption but everyone i looked up seems so fucking weird and too put together like they are severely epstein people please just tell me how to make this all stop that s all i ask
i am 17f, asian.for my entire childhood my mom has projected her insecurities onto me, a behavior which has manifested into relentless cruelty and emotional torture. she used to hit me a lot i still have a scar from when she hurled her keys at my face because i told a friend that she had called me a curse but stopped when cps came. she has incessantly berated and demeaned me for over a decade, to a point of viciousness words cannot describe. whether that is trying to force me to kill myself or calling me a worthless fucking idiot or shrieking at me that i am a maniac who everyone thinks should be locked up, the pain she has caused me is indescribable. every single day she terrorizes me with insults, comparisons, belittling, threats and manipulation. and i do not know if i will ever be able to recover from the anguish.but whenever i obey her she is nice to me and acts like a good mother. i know the love is real, albeit conditional, and it will disappear the moment things do not go her way. but i try so so hard to keep her in a good mood because i just need her affection so badly. i hate myself so much for this.my father is more normal but he has bursts of uncontrollable rage when things do not go his way. i try not to think about these times because other times he loves me very much. i would like to emphasize that he is very kind to me usually. but these outbursts include physical assault, smashing stuff, death threats, suicide threats, and really mean comments to me like 'i bet you get orgasms from destroying the family like the sociopath you are'.but that is not very common so i do not want to focus on that. what is more common is his enabling of my moms behavior. he always sat back in silence on his phone whenever my mom was shrieking at me and always pretended it never happened. he never validates my feelings and always jumps to comments like 'nothing will ever satisfy you' and 'your mom does so much for you why are you so ungrateful you bitch'. he always sided with her and her bullshit narrative about the family dynamic essentially i ruined everyone is happiness . it is so frustrating especially when i am begging and crying for him to intervene but he just tells me to shut up and go away and listen to my mother.anyway yesterday my mom was screaming at me as usual because i had not finished a college essay draft. she said something along the lines of how my dad always tells her how he thinks i should be locked up in a mental institution, how he wishes he had his friends daughters instead of me and how he cannot wait for me to be out of his life. i felt really sad about this for some reason even though they have said things like this to me since i was 9.my dad was driving me back home from a dr appt today when i for some dumbass reason asked him if what he had said was true. he obviously got very defensive and skirted around the question and claimed i was always searching for stuff to be mad about, that i was always blaming my problems on my parents, and he did not know what to do to satisfy me. this really upset me as all i want is a loving peaceful family. i will admit it, i called him a bad father. i was so angry by him invalidating me and making it look like such a simple request was absurd and ungrateful. i hate how they will always see me as overemotional and dramatic and selfish without ever looking inward and recognizing their flaws. well anyway that made him super mad and he basically said that he hated me and my mom, and marrying her was the worst decision of his life, that he had stopped loving her years ago and it was all my fault. he said that the family was not worth resurrecting and the only reason he had not left and or killed himself was to preserve his reputation. when i got home i went and cried to my mother and told her she was right, that i am a failure, and i begged her to hug me. she hugged and kissed me and i felt so much better. she got impatient pretty fast but i did not care. i just wanted someone to love me. i feel so much self loathing for not being strong enough to withstand a family deprived of love. i hate that i am relinquishing my autonomy and purpose and strength just to feel some love from my parents. it sucks. idk if this is depression or a coping mechanism or what. i do not know how to keep going on. anyway sorry for rant ty for reading if you got this far both my parents are incredibly cruel to me but sometimes i am so desperate to fill the void i abandon all my morals and appease them so i can get some affection. i viscerally hate myself for this. is that depression?
i am 17f, asian.for my entire childhood my mom has projected her insecurities onto me, a behavior which has manifested into relentless cruelty and emotional torture. she used to hit me a lot i still have a scar from when she hurled her keys at my face because i told a friend that she had called me a curse but stopped when cps came. she has incessantly berated and demeaned me for over a decade, to a point of viciousness words cannot describe. whether that is trying to force me to kill myself or calling me a worthless fucking idiot or shrieking at me that i am a maniac who everyone thinks should be locked up, the pain she has caused me is indescribable. every single day she terrorizes me with insults, comparisons, belittling, threats and manipulation. and i do not know if i will ever be able to recover from the anguish.but whenever i obey her she is nice to me and acts like a good mother. i know the love is real, albeit conditional, and it will disappear the moment things do not go her way. but i try so so hard to keep her in a good mood because i just need her affection so badly. i hate myself so much for this.my father is more normal but he has bursts of uncontrollable rage when things do not go his way. i try not to think about these times because other times he loves me very much. i would like to emphasize that he is very kind to me usually. but these outbursts include physical assault, smashing stuff, death threats, suicide threats, and really mean comments to me like 'i bet you get orgasms from destroying the family like the sociopath you are'.but that is not very common so i do not want to focus on that. what is more common is his enabling of my moms behavior. he always sat back in silence on his phone whenever my mom was shrieking at me and always pretended it never happened. he never validates my feelings and always jumps to comments like 'nothing will ever satisfy you' and 'your mom does so much for you why are you so ungrateful you bitch'. he always sided with her and her bullshit narrative about the family dynamic essentially i ruined everyone is happiness . it is so frustrating especially when i am begging and crying for him to intervene but he just tells me to shut up and go away and listen to my mother.anyway yesterday my mom was screaming at me as usual because i had not finished a college essay draft. she said something along the lines of how my dad always tells her how he thinks i should be locked up in a mental institution, how he wishes he had his friends daughters instead of me and how he cannot wait for me to be out of his life. i felt really sad about this for some reason even though they have said things like this to me since i was 9.my dad was driving me back home from a dr appt today when i for some dumbass reason asked him if what he had said was true. he obviously got very defensive and skirted around the question and claimed i was always searching for stuff to be mad about, that i was always blaming my problems on my parents, and he did not know what to do to satisfy me. this really upset me as all i want is a loving peaceful family. i will admit it, i called him a bad father. i was so angry by him invalidating me and making it look like such a simple request was absurd and ungrateful. i hate how they will always see me as overemotional and dramatic and selfish without ever looking inward and recognizing their flaws. well anyway that made him super mad and he basically said that he hated me and my mom, and marrying her was the worst decision of his life, that he had stopped loving her years ago and it was all my fault. he said that the family was not worth resurrecting and the only reason he had not left and or killed himself was to preserve his reputation. when i got home i went and cried to my mother and told her she was right, that i am a failure, and i begged her to hug me. she hugged and kissed me and i felt so much better. she got impatient pretty fast but i did not care. i just wanted someone to love me. i feel so much self loathing for not being strong enough to withstand a family deprived of love. i hate that i am relinquishing my autonomy and purpose and strength just to feel some love from my parents. it sucks. idk if this is depression or a coping mechanism or what. i do not know how to keep going on. anyway sorry for rant ty for reading if you got this far both my parents are incredibly cruel to me but sometimes i am so desperate to fill the void i abandon all my morals and appease them so i can get some affection. i viscerally hate myself for this. is that depression?
today i got divorced. yay! great news, right? i should be celebrating and jumping with happiness because that is what i have been wanting for the past 2 years but it turned out to be the exact opposite i have been seeing a guy since oct 2020 right after i broke up with my ex husband, i started seeing him. we were just fuck buddies and eventually i caught the feelings. for a long time, i seriously thought that he wanted to be with me and the only thing holding him back was me still being married to his friend. but throughout the 9 months we have been together it has not been all great. it has had its ups and downs. i have been rejected sex many times and he always made it seem like i am the problem. sadly, this has made my depression way worse, and i tried to commit suicide. he always brought up comments about his previous sex life being the best and well me not so great. yippie yet i tried to improve. i lost some weight, i tried being a better person, i tried giving better blow jobs, and i tried to ride him better. our sex life, well for me was great in the beginning, but now its not that great. he does not want to touch me. he just wants blowjobs and me to ride him. that is it no kissing, no foreplay, no eating me out, and no other positions. so lately it has gotten boring. i am sure i can have more fun with my toys by myself. anyways since i have caught these feelings for him, i am having a harder time letting go of him i want this attention and i still want to have sex with him even though its plain. today since i got divorced, i thought things were going to change. i thought he was going to want to take me out to celebrate and later tonight have great sex and he does not have to feel guilty about having sex with his friends married wife. he said it used to bother him a lot. but that did not happen at all. he got home and he just wanted a blowjob i said no i got mad and he got mad. after 20 minutes after i calmed down, i tried explaining to him why i got mad. i told him i wanted him to let me know that he wanted me instead of me feeling like i am the one that is always initiating it i just want to feel wanted. but he said that i could have just sat on it i tried to make things better since i had already fucked up, but he already got mad because i said no to his blowjob and now he does not want to kiss me or have make up sex and that i ruined his mood. guess i ruined the whole night i shaved all smooth just for him i guess it was dumb of me to think me being divorced would want him to want me more and possibly love me. stupid of me. anyways because of this whole ordeal i honestly thought about cutting more. its dumb because i already cut up my arm bad 7 big cuts and the scars will not fade. so, i am trying to not cut at all. anyways i do not know what to do. i am afraid of losing him forever. i love him i do not know if i should just pretend that i do not care about him anymore and just stop asking for sex i wish i loved myself enough to walk away because all that i am doing is hurting myself for loving him. he makes me feel like my pussy is gross. that i am too fat. too emotional have too much baggage. if i am crying, he just sits there on his phone he does not even try to talk to me. he says i am just being a big dumb cry baby. guess i need someone who understand my depression and mood swings. someone who will appreciate my love. guess i fall for the wrong guys, right? maybe i need a girlfriend. thanks for reading typing out this has made me stop crying and the feeling to cut myself has gone away. i know what many of you are going to say you are dumb and stupid for loving him and staying in that relationship. yes, i am aware. you got to love yourself more. i know i am trying, but i cannot. i hate myself so i try to get other people to love me and fill that void just kick him to the curb i cannot he is my roommate and helps with the bills or else ill probably lose my housingi just hope one day i will stop loving him and stop caring or maybe resent him and move on.i hope i can start loving myself so i can stop relying on other people love. maybe i did not get loved enough as a child. my childhood was pretty shitty family molestation abuse sucks. i do not know how to love or function as a normal person. sorry my thoughts were all over the place since i wrote this being all emotional and crying and all. so please do not comment about my grammar and that i should go back to school. i do not need that now. i just wanted to get this out of my system. thanks again guys. tonight sucks...
i was doing very well for some time now. probably since early spring. no clue what set me off. i have not been enjoying my new job much, but that is not a new feeling took the job in january . i woke up tired today. as the day went on, my ability to focus on work and maintain my motivation to get through the work day quickly deteriorated. by dinner, i had no plans of eating managed a protein bar at lunch . this is not usual normal ly i am hungry and, when depressed, i binge eat often. but my boyfriend decided to cook the meal i was meant to make us, so i did eat a healthy dinner. i then laid down in my made bed. i did not get up again. i have things to do around the house, but i cannot be bothered. they do not matter to me in the moment, but, at the same time, they do. i have anxiety about wasting time just laying here. but i cannot find a good reason to actually get up. about an hour ago, i started crying. i feel heavy and like there is low grade electricity in my skin. i am uncomfortable. i have no idea why i feel sad.but i do know that my boyfriend otherwise ignoring me all night after dinner did not help. sure, he made the food though he also had to eat , but then he never checked on me. he got mad that i asked him for what was probably the millionth time in the last 6 years not to touch my stomach when he came in to say goodnight just before he went to bed. i do not like my stomach touched and i have been explicitly clear about this to him relentlessly he just does not care about my boundaries. because i called him out via asking him once again not to do the thing he was doing, he curtly said goodnight and left without giving me a kiss as he usually would have done. that was my punishment, i guess. he very often withholds various forms of affection and this is usual behavior for him. so, i am not surprised. and i was not surprised he never checked on me because he is also very selfish and self centered likely a narcissist . but i am not here to talk about him and his many problems or how these impact me. while his behavior and the way he treats me has done absolutely nothing to improve my overall mental health, i was depressed long before him and i am sure i will be long after. i was not expecting him to help today or do anything really, but brought it up because i wanted to mention still that i am nevertheless feeling disappointed that the person i care about did not give me the care that i have in the past and would have given him if our positions were reversed today. i knew he would not, but it still sucks that he did not. either way, i was already sad and do not know why. this just did not help the situation.background depression has been a problem for most of life over the last 20 years on and off. in min my mid 30s now. its better and then its not. i can go long stretches of almost months and be completely fine feeling cured.and then something will set me off again into a downward spiral. usually quite slowly, so i do not see it coming. but i am getting better at identifying when the symptoms are starting to onset and i can start to employ my various countermeasures. but sometimes, often really, it is tough to identify what triggers it to come back. when my depression is bad, i am insatiably hungry, tired, unfocused, unmotivated, sad crying on and off , experience loss of interest in friends hobbies fun, have loss of sex drive, and i cannot sleep. this is sometimes accompanied by anxiety attacks and a one time panic attack. anxiety is new to the party in the last 2 3 years. and its not nearly as much of an issue, but its there at times. sometimes with the depression and sometimes on its own. fortunately, i am able to force myself to work so that it has never really impacted my career. but i cannot do much else when in a depressive episode. which can last for days to months though its been awhile since its been more than a few weeks . i live with my boyfriend, whom i love despite his narcissism he is not all bad, i swear. he just has a lot of his own problems and has no problem putting himself first and or being selfish . hes almost 40 and we have lived together almost 6 years and it is manageable for now as i cannot afford any other option anyway. he might not be helping my depression but he is not purposely making it worse. and that is a lot better than the last several guys. my us employer supplied health insurance does not cover therapy and i cannot afford therapy out of pocket i have researched this extensively . lethargic, low grade anxiety, sad for no reason.
note please forgive me for my bad english if you find any grammatical error in my text..english is not my first languageso when i said i feel like a clown it means that i always try to be funny with others especially with my mom but these moments of joy are passed then i feel depressed sad alone sexually and emotionaly frustated and always anxious for my futurehere is my backstory i lost my father at age of 13 from then my mother raise me and my sister and also take care of my grandmother. she is a school teacher..so after her workhours she take care of us. but things get terrible when my uncles and other relatives distances themself from us they do not want to take any responsibity of the childrens of their dead brother. so they tries to question the character of my mother..they said terrible things to her and others to defame her..i heared lots of bullshit about my mother from their shitty mouth but my mom told me not to respond and kids should not involve in these things..i never saw my mom to taking a stand against them and we both are strictly told to not to respond in any way and then we get enters on college..my sister and me both are living a college life in different cities and my mom live alone in our home at that time..since my mom also lost her father at very young age and now she is goning through these things i promised myself to not her let down in any way..but this is not a case for my sister..my sister starts to live in a livein relationship with guy outside our knowledge. here i want to tell you that i am living in a society where livein relationships are not acceptable at all but still my mom and i tried to understand my sisters view and we want her to know good and bad sides of these kind of relationships..but then we saw her boyfriend and after getting some information about him we found that that guy is a liar and has many relationships, he has many worst kind of people in his friend circle and is very manupulative in nature..when we tried to warn my sister that asshole tried to threaten us by fileing falls police case against us..we are trying handle this situation but one morning my sister ran away from our house..we tried to search her but then we get a call from her and she said that she married to that guy and she never want to return our home...i still remember my mothers eyes..she was crying and feel helpless this action of my sister broked from inside i never imagined this can be happen..but its just the beginning of misery for us. three days after that incident i was sexually molested by one of my distant uncle who visited us..i never told this to my mother i was 19 year old boy at that time..another relative of mine taking advantage of our situation did a financial fraud with us and my mom lost her most the savings at that time..all these things happened to us one by one hard to explain this to someone but it happen..i just one year everything in our life is changed forever..due to stress and anxiety my mother's health get badly affected..she was living alone and i have to complete remaining one year of my college but i left my college to take care of my mother and i did all work in household and try to make her laugh so she can feel better..i take 2 more year to complete my degree..my academics was badly affected due to these circumstances and because of this i was ineligible for my dream job even for masters my graduation record is not good at all..and have no money to continue further studies.so i decided to stay in home with my mom taking care of her and do self study. but its not easy for me..whenever i try to focus on studies all the bad things happened to me are come in front of my eyes..i am 27 now have no selfconfidence because i achieved nothing yet..i feel ashamed in front of others all the time..i never been into relationship because i have no confidence to talk with girls and i also do not trust them..i feel like everyone around me would cheat or betray me in future so i distances myself from my friends and relatives..i do not want get molested anymoreit feels like i never found a girl who can talk to me because i have nothing to give anything to her..what can an unhappy looser like me can give anything to anyone so i try to be funny anyone around me they laugh but deep down i know that i can never move forward with that person.by looking my past i think whatever i do its going to be fail in future and gives terrible outcomes..i do not know what to do how can i get myself out from this ? i feel like clown
why should anyone care about me. i have nothing to offer to this world. i'm 27, never had a job or done anything to contribute to society. i did sort of ok at college mainly studied it software but even then i had no idea of what job i wanted, what my career path would be. with this lack of guidance, i tried to go to supported internship places for a few years i'm always told that because of my autism i need support . they got me some internships at various places cafe, photography shop, printer's shop, charity shop , but i never felt useful. i always felt like i was too slow, and in the way of the actual useful people there that were just trying to do their job. i lead with my job history like this, because it seems to be all society cares about. at every turn it seems like people are talking about their productivity , and their life is based around that. which makes me feel bad because i haven't been productive since i left college in 2016. i have no motivation to do anything. most people work because they need money to live somewhere, eat and survive, but i'm a spoilt asshole who mooches off of their mother. we live on benefits, which easily pay the bills and allow us to live a very comfortable life, which i constantly feel bad about because most people my age i see struggling to even make ends meet, but this is how it is i guess. i'm sorry. sometimes things such as a new video game i'm looking forward to, or getting to hang out with a friend keeps me going and gives me at least enough motivation to not just lie in bed all day scrolling facebook or sleeping. but recently i haven't really had that. i play video games because it's something to do but i'm rarely excited about them these days. i very rarely like a couple times a year if i'm lucky do anything with a friend, because it seems like i'm always the one that has to ask to go out and do anything with them, but i don't want to bother them by asking that. it's lucky that i even have any friends. the rare friendships i have arise from me finding someone who has things in common with me because if we don't have likes, dislikes, personality traits etc in common, i can't think of anything to talk to them about , and somehow finding the courage and drive to speak up to talk to them and try to befriend them. which isn't easy because i'm too stupid to think of stuff to say a lot of the time, and my voice is really difficult for people to understand. but then because of a lack of me maintaining them, the friendships usually fall apart. people usually have much more interesting and less depressing friends than me that they'd rather spend time with i guess. maybe i should seek help. i have done in the past, i've had appointments with therapists. i'm lucky enough to live in the uk with free healthcare. my deepest sympathies go to those who don't have this luxury and have to go into debt just to have someone to talk about their mental and emotional struggles but because i'm so inarticulate and slow, and my thoughts are so scattered, it takes me a while to think of what to talk about, and the sessions only allow so much time. so usually not that much comes of it and i leave feeling unsatisfied, and what the therapist says to me usually don't really help, which is my fault because i'm fucking beyond help. i sometimes tell my best friend what's wrong, and she tries to help, but this is basically just me using her as a therapist, which is shitty of me, and she's too nice to tell me to shut up and stop being so depressing all the time. i feel like this is driving her away, which would be horrible, because it would be extremely difficult for me to find new meaningful friendships. i'm not sure where i'd go to make friends, and then there's the matter of me finding what to say, and my voice... but the point i'm getting towards, is, i'm not sure why people should care. i struggle with depression, but so do a lot of people. and those people probably actually have skills, and the potential to actually do something with their life. i feel like it's selfish for me to feel like i deserve help. when people suggest things to me that might help me to feel better, i never feel the motivation to actually do them. i'm stuck in my comfort zone i guess, of just lying in bed, occasionally playing video games when i can find the motivation to even do that, eating and sleeping. i'm a completely useless person with nothing to offer society. i always have been. why should anyone care about me? i should just be left to die.
lotta background you do not actually need but if you are curious, its all right there long story not so short, i have 20 years solid of trauma and health conditions that put me in debilitating pain and unable to move a good third of the time. i have been to a few therapists, was hospitalized after a suicide attempt, largely ignored my last one, was on meds for a brief while and stopped because my psychiatrist second one btw said i was making up side effects. after that, i stopped trying. not just in therapy but also in life. i barely graduated high school even just a short year earlier having held valedictorian status , i have not been employed in almost 2 years, i smoke weed and cry all day. every day. naturally, i have been thinking about therapy again. more accurately, i called every place near me, and after a few months had an appointment with an old ass white man. so in this one appointment, we went over intake and then he said i had not been honest enough, i should just go on medication, heavy medication, and therapy would not help me. fun perspective considering how hard my former psychiatrists pushed for me to be in therapy, but whatever. it just got me to thinking...... wow. he did not have a single thing to offer. to recommend medication is one thing, but telling me i would not get anything out of seeing a therapist is something i have never once been told before in my life.then i thought about my past therapists. like the family therapist we had seen after my mom remarried. one of the group issues was boundaries, i ended up having a break down about not wanting to be near the family members who had been molesting me for years. her response? oh, i get it. i was a middle child too, it is so hard to be heard. yeah, that reeeeeeally was not it.the next one was before trying to kill myself, i had gone to two appointments and had just finished up the intake. there was a lot i had not disclosed, but quite a bit of issues i had. when i went in to my third appointment, she told me there was no reason for me to be in therapy, i was not depressed, i was entirely fine, wasting her time, and i needed to leave, but it is okay because since we will not be doing the appointment, she would only be charging insurance and not charging my mom her copay.after my suicide attempt, i was required to see another. i feel a little bad about my experience with this therapist, but ultimately i saw her entirely silently for three months it was a big organization and another woman did my intake . at the first appointment she had given me a ball of yarn and held the other end, so we could feel connected through the silence. i knew she was not the one then, but my mom insisted i keep going. i think at the third? appointment, she had shown me videos of people shaking to relieve ptsd. yup, i declined doing that verbally. several times, as she kept asking, one time saying i do not even have to touch you, which should a fucking given even if i did actually have a therapeutic relationship with her. as time went on, i was shocked she had not notified anyone that i was not actually part of therapy at all, so i had gone in and asked her what she was writing on the insurance forms bc you need a vague appointment description for insurance to cover it . she said that on the first forms she had written that we were getting to know each other and building trust, but that now she had been writing that we were learning coping skills. i replied, so you have been lying? and she looked shook, stumbled on words for a second, and quietly nodded. after that, i kept telling my mom i did not want to see her, eventually she said i did not have any good reason to stop, and i asked if my therapist never reaching out to let her know i was not talking was a good enough reason. my last appointment was the following day.my next therapist seemed okay ig, she was at the same facility as my psychiatrist who i stopped seeing, and i figured it would be easiest to just never go back there. tbh in those 2 or 3 appointments though, the only thing i remember her doing was giving me packets to read.while in the hospital, all we did was group therapy, where no one really talked and i was told there was no reason for me to be crying.so all in all, i am really feeling unable to live and everyone just says to go to therapy. so what the fuck was i supposed to be getting out of therapy? what do they have to offer? because so far it is actually so little that it hurts. what did your therapist have to offer?
hello, my name is lucas, i have been dealing with depression for quite a few years now, i am 23 turning 24 in september. i feel like my life is just going further and further down hill, recently its been a 90 downward fall. i am heavily invested in computers and i love playing games, sometimes it feels like my pc is the only thing i have left in this world, also because i am able to live in another reality for as long as my eyes are locked on to this screen. i do not feel like going outside, i barely speak back when spoken to that is my own choice, for some reason. my mother has a rare heart condition called alcapa . she has had 6 heart attacks and i have been a witness to multiple heart attacks she is had... it is the freakiest scariest thing i have ever seen, i truly believe witnessing your own mothers quote on quote death, multiple times, fucks with you hardcore. its a constant thought. i did not go to school for almost a year after it happened.. and that set me way back in school, so when i came back i knew nothing and i felt stupid. so i ended up being the funny stupid guy in class, making jokes at the teachers and being sent to the principals office many maaaaany times. i never got good grades and that shit is hurting me so much right now, not being able to get a decent job.a few years after it was discovered that my mother had alcapa my dad left us all to start a new family, at 48. since i was the oldest at the time, i took on a kind of a father role at 16 years old. i have tried reaching out, but he does not really care. so i have stopped reaching out and making myself look stupid, i will not ever lay my eyes upon that vile human being again.when i was 20, i went to help one of my grandfathers friends paint he is house. we had a few beers at dinner and i decided to sleep there for the night, in the guest room. i woke up early in the morning and this guy was sitting on the side of my bed and had he is hand in my boxers. i freaked out, called my mother and my little brother. we called the cops and took him to court. i cannot begin to explain to you, how this ruins the way you look at yourself. you feel de humanized and it feels like your masculinity is taken away from you aswell as all of your dignity. i am heterosexual .after that happened i could barely look myself in the eyes when i stood in front of a mirror i still barely cannot . i used to be muscular, like.. very. but it is all gone, i look like sticks now. my cheeks are inflated, and i look like a skeleton. when i look at myself i see a disgusting 23 year old who is 167 centimeters, still looks like a kid and cannot grow a beard. i cannot even go to the store and buy cigarettes without someone who is obviously younger then me asking for id.i had a job 5 months ago. i made good money and it made me happy for a month, my first pay was amazing. but after that the job turned dull and extremely difficult and hard, they did not have appropiate equipment for carrying heavy stuff, we broke rules to almost break our own backs. i came home with pain in my back everyday and yellow and blue marks all over my arms. i had the job for about 3 months and then i got fired, because my boss told me i was not working hard enough. it made me snap and i said stuff i should not have, but whatever. i am happy i am done with that work, but it really shocked me that people look at me like i am not doing anything, when i really am putting in as much hard work as i can.i owe companies money at 23. i have taken small loans that have evolved into large amounts now.i have had a feeling my life would be short, ever since i was 14 15 years old, i do not know how to deal with this. the thought of suicide has crossed my mind over 1000 times, but i do not have the guts to go through with something like that. that is why i have fallen closer to the natural death side of things. i barely eat anything anymore, like, maybe a banana or something a day, because the pain in my stomach is too much sometimes and i have started smoking alot more cigarettes, just because .i want help, but i will not ask for it. i have quit over 13 cigarettes on my own arm, it hurts and i do not like it, but i hope some day someone will notice my burn marks and ask what is wrong. i probably will not tell them what is wrong and i have been thinking about it alot. i feel like i am doing it for attention and i am not an attention seeker useually. i useually love just being overlooked. i am so confused! i want this off my chest.. thanks.
warning long read i seriously do not know what to do anymore. i am 27 years old, still live at home, have no friends, no so, no life, no fluctuating income. i feel so stuck and no matter what i try to come up with, they never hold any weight. i am on ssi disability for severe mental health issues that i have tried addressing thru pills and therapy, been there done that and it has never worked out for the better. also for this reason i have not been gainfully employed for the last few years. with my state of my mind and circumstance i would not want to wage slave to come home to this same situation anyways. if i did my mental health would probably tank even worse just for a couple bucks. it are not worth it. we all know making friends was hard before covid, now after all this craziness it is like good luck with that you know? i have no life at all. i have been watching mma like ufc fights for a long time and only till recently started training mma and kickboxing. with me not having a life thought it would be a great outlet and it is but it is not enough, not at all.classes are like 1 hour a piece and they hold classes 4 days out of the week and honestly i am not old old but i are not a young buck anymore so even doing like 3 classes a week, an hour a piece has been beating my body down. i am so sore i can barely bend down down or move. i am hoping by monday i can train again...even if i had a body of a 18 year old and i could go all day long, 1 hour a day to do something still does not compare to the 23 hours i have left with nothing to do. i am 27, time is just ticking and everything i can try i do not have what it takes to do it and everything i do have what it takes i have tried and failed over and over again. yes you fail you try again but the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results. given my circumstance i have tried everything, tried to really rack my brain to drastically change my situation and honestly no amount of self reevaluation has helped me figure this out.me being a mental wreck at most things in life, some days i accept that my life may be this way for good but i just wish i had some friends or a friend to talk to or just confide in. it is one thing to go thru all of this but to do it in solitude is just so soul crushing. i know i am a guy and i am supposed to suck it up and find a way and keep trying but how long can i keep trying? this stupid anxiety is the curse of my life i swear. if i was not such a spastic loser none of this would be happening. if i at least had some friends or someone who gave a crap about me maybe i would have the motivation to mustard up some kind of idea or something i have not tried which idk what since i have thought about everything but this loneliness, this emptiness inside me is killing me. i am close to crying as i type this but i am trying to contain myself. nobody cares and why should they? i am a miserable, bitter, angry, lonely, loser with nothing to show for in life after being on this planet for 27 years. i had a passion in acting and music but none of those things are guarantee and it is like winning the lottery.it is ironic because usually people who make it in that industry are pretty fucked in the head like me but they got lucky. i feel like i have the mindset of someone who is famous, at least creativity wise and having a good amount of crazy in them but we all know that industry is over saturated it is all dumb luck. they get to release all that craziness but my talent is all wasted and i am just left with the craziness, nothing else. for people who would tell me , just keep pursuing it, it is not as simple. if you do not have movie looks or some kind of connections, you will be doing small short films or student films that go nowhere, that is reality of holly wood. so at the end of the day, it would take one crazy ass miracle to get me out of this situation. i used to be like wow i am 24 now, i am 25 now and now i am 27, 3 years behind 30. it is nuts man. why and how did i turn out this way? was it destiny? i feel like some people are meant to suffer all of their lives no matter what. like you can play my life scenario a thousand different ways and i feel like some how i will always end up here in the exact spot, sitting in this chair typing these exact words. i know this was more of a rant then asking for advice so i apologize but i have no where to turn to. i feel like my existence is literally pointless
lately, i have been feeling quite restless and tired, sometimes it bugs me a lot while at other times i dismiss it and carry on throughout my day then eventually forgetting that i was sad, to begin with.i honestly feel very blessed as a person, there is a roof over my head, i have got the basic needs, i have got family and some friends that love me and i do not seem to have it as bad as the others on here so why am i feeling so tired? to be honest, there are some cracks in my life, family arguing every single day about the same thing over and over, their shouting fills my head and stops me from concentrating on my studies, that constant feeling of thinking that i am not good enough, not smart enough, my personality must terrible that is why people avoided me back in high school, that is why i have graduated from it with not a single true friend on my side, i never did well in school, my marks were not that bad it is just that no matter how hard i studied, how hard i memorized things, i have never answered any of my exams correctly, so i started not caring about it at all, not putting in any effort because even if i try really hard to achieve something i just either get frustrated or give up on it entirely.we have faced so many financial issues and other uncertainties in our lives as a family, it constantly haunted me as a teen, and now as a college student, i thought that things have gotten a bit better for a couple of months and i could finally take a breather and see the people that i care about genuinely happy but it took a turn and the fighting came back, worse than before, some of the money issues are also back, that shouting is killing me so much and i want to make them stop but they do not listen to us because we, as their children, have no authority to tell them what to do, it is disrespectful to them if we criticize them in any way so we should suck it up and watch.honestly, my family is warm sometimes, they have never hurt us physically, they care about us and try their best to provide for us everything we want, even during our hardest times i have never felt neglected, yes they fight a lot, yes sometimes they tell us insensitive things but when they recognize that they are wrong they try their best to apologize, so why am i sad, why do i feel alone? i keep telling myself that people have it worse than me, that i should be grateful for what i have, that i should stop whining about it to myself but that feeling just will not go away.it is not like i do not feel happy, i smile a lot and enjoy the things that i do and i like being around people, it is just that feeling sometimes looms over my head making me feel alone in a room filled with people, suddenly things turn gray and i feel empty, that happens especially when they are fighting, i also started escaping that loneliness by creating an imaginary world filled with people and situations that i enjoy, i feel way happier there than here, that world is fantastical, filled with people that accept all of me, sometimes i daydream about that and sometimes it manifests into my reality, i do know it is my imagination, i even tell myself that i am crazy for casually talking to myself out loud like that and laugh it off to stop that world from consuming me, i have searched it up countless times to check if i am insane for doing this and apparently, there is nothing wrong with talking to yourself sometimes...i have thoughts about killing myself every time the situation gets stressful or worse as a way of escaping it all, but i keep backing off because i am afraid of hurting my family and of going to hell, i do not want to hurt myself, i do not feel that way, i just want to be genuinely happy for one day with my loved ones without hearing the usual shouting, i have the urge to run away so badly but i cannot do that, i do not have any money to become independent yet i still want to escape it all, then the reality of people having it worse hits me and i try to talk my self out of these useless thoughts and the cycle continues...the reason why i wrote all this is to get it off my chest, i do not have anyone to tell this to and i want to see if anyone here can relate at least a bit to me in any way just for comfort, i really want to solve those issues and i want to seek professional help but i do not have the money to do so, so i guess that i am stuck in that limbo for now... it is so weird how i suddenly start feeling alone and tired for no reason.
so i am a big old ball of horrible right now and really do not know where to turn. do not have many friends who can understand how to be there or just get awkward, and for the veryyyy few people like 2 its still a challenge to really go into how i feel.basically i have been depressed my whole life and had a complete crash about 10 years ago trying to od and handing in the icu. for this whole ten years i have tried tons and tonsss of medications. nothing worked, if it worked it worked a little, and sometimes would even be on 6 different medications. also since then, been in therapy, been to the psych ward a fair amount and even got to the point my psychiatrist at the time was thinking electroshock therapy. i am so unable to function and impacted by other aspects health that i will not fully get into that i classify as disabled and get medicare. this past. half of a year has just been kicking my but more and more every day and its getting so exhausting. i am in the only medications i can even take wellbutrin and lamotrigine and even though it helps some. say 10 it hardly gets me by. 90 percent of the medications i have tried do not work, work some and send me to the hospital at the same time. i cannot tell you howmany times i have been to the hospital honestly from just medications alone. all of this has built up to absolutely new lows in my life. i do not think i have ever been this bad i have tried my best for the past half year but its been slowly building up takes me 5 hours or all day to get out of bed, i cannot function anymore, i want to die everyday, i have no energy, my brain is so fried from it i can do subjects i am passionate about not just from lack of motivation but lack of being able to read. yes, its gotten so bad i cannot read. my brain just shuts down. after it got really close to a huge tipping point where i was so close to just ending it all that my psych thought we urgently needed to do something and i told him i did not really care anymore and although it scared me we both agreed to one of the very few i have not tried paxil. 4 days later find my self in the er with bradycardia and blood sugar levels so low that i almost went into a coma. the er doctor told me to stop the medication immediately and for the next 4 days i could hardly walk and needed a cane everywhere i wentso. i feel pretty damn hopeless. my psych, my cardiologist, my gp and my neurologist do not want me touching any psych meds besides the ones i am on. but they help so little and i am just shutting down so so hard. there is just nothing i can do, no meds to take, nothing in life that made me happy and the one thing that did make my life shine for once is gone . i mean even during those moments of course depression was a thing but i was actually happy now i just lay in a dark room, rolled into a ball in the corner of my bed, been spending money i do not have, watching tv or having it in the back round i do not eat to the point my stomach feels like its being ripped from hunger pains, i cannot pay attention to anything anyone says, i have no ability to even have sex if i wanted to but frustrated because mentally i have drive so it can make me irritable. but i am a lone so no chance of that.i am tellin you all i just see no hope. there is so many things i want to do rock climb.. read learn hike but no matter how badly i want to do it i just cantpoint being is i am in a super dark place, even darker before i tried to od. its been at this level for so long now i even started drinking which is something i never thought id do. i do not drink to experience being drunk, i drink for the soul reason to get so drunk as fast as possible to pass out since it gets worse at nights when i try to sleep. this started after being at the breaking point for so long i tried to od a month ago.i need help but there is no help to begin with. i feel like i need therapy everyday just to get by and not just once a weeks.anyway that is only the half of it and i know this is long and i am sorry for that just feel so hopeless i do not know where to turn and where to get support there is literally no point even having appointments with a psychiatrist. you know how hopeless that makes me feel? anyway thanks for reading and sorry its so long. no energy to proof read, sorry. just need to rant, some support and feel pretty hopeless especially after paxil almost killed me. depressed out of my mind right now.
gt perpetual existence, sorrows that forever repeat, cycles that collapse a person. gt gt indelible memories, turned into still images, constantly being reproduced. gt gt mirror of the past, reflects good times, now buried in misery. gt gt inevitable roads, which intersect with life, and divert our course.free poetry helps me cope and it is a way to write down what i feel. at this point in my life, at 19 years old, i feel like i am living by inertia i have not even began to live life and i am already tired of it.i do not live in the best of places, in fact, i would argue i live in a horrendous place. i see everything crumble around me and i see how i am trapped here, where everything is just getting worse every day, and i can only hope that i get a chance to get out. my country sucks, my city sucks, my household sucks i am practically poor and where i live there is no future. i had hopes of making it somewhere, but as time passed i have just grown pessimistic after seeing that, realistically, i might not make it anywhere and i might end up living a miserable life before making it anywhere.i have been trapped inside my house for over a year now, all my friends withered away, if i ever had them in the first place. everyone i liked to talk to online either ditched me or disappeared, my social anxiety just worsened over time, and so did my mental health. i need to deal with my mood swings, with my depression, with my trauma, and with my adhd, and all of these are untreated i have tried everything to get access to any mental health professionals, i even had others help me, and at the end i could not do it. i still live with my family, and they are not helpful at all the best they do is tell me that my problems either do not exist or do not matter, and that there are people with worse problems than yours . i cannot even talk to them about much of it, because some of it esteems from their constant emotional, psychological, and yes, also physical abuse, and the rest is just things i do not feel safe talking with them.something traumatic happened late last year to me, it is hard to explain, and they knew what it was, and after that event my mental health just went down the drain. they never cared, they just got mad at me for my sudden change of behaviour, and they did not even let me cope in any safe way, which led me to copping in unsafe ones. so much happened ever since so many meltdowns, so many nights of feeling hopeless, so many dark thoughts.and now here i am, in my winter break from university, at 5 am typing this when i could be going to sleep to fix my fucked up sleep schedule, or at least do something fun, but instead i feel completely apathetic and depressed, i want to disappear. it is just too much trauma, i have been backstabbed so many times, i have been through so much, everyone has taken advantage of me, and almost everyone i ever liked disappeared, as always. i feel hopeless, and i feel worthless, and i do not want to try anything anymore.i do not want to make new friends because i will eventually find a way to make them go away involuntarily, or my anxiety will keep me away from them and our friendship will fade away. i do not want to get into another relationship because i am going to be abused again, and i do not want to go through heartbreak again. i have lost interest in all my hobbies, if i play the guitar or play a videogame it is usually not even fun anymore, it just helps to temporarily kill the eternal boredom i feel and make me not think about things for a while until they catch on and i go back to feeling depressed as fuck.and so i live by inertia, i wake up and follow the same routine every day, i do not do anything interesting, i do not expect anything good, i just see every new day as another day to get through, another day to deal with everything, another day to wonder why i am in this situation and how i got here, and why. and that last question ultimately kills me why? why me? what have i done to deserve this? why cannot i just be happy?i am tired of this. i do not want to die, i just want to live without all this pain, but things are not getting better, and it certainly feels like they never will. some stuff could be fixed with a lot of hard work, but there are too many things that i will carry with me forever and i just do not know if i want to. i am tired of living by inertia only, and only being able to feel sadness.
why does she keep me around? like i do nothing but eat away at her life and put her through more pain. she means the world to me, she is my best friend and i love her so much. i would do anything for her, but i cannot actually do anything right. she smiles and says i am doing fine, but i know its a lie. i annoy her with my constant whining and downer attitude. i am too clingy but i cannot help it. she cannot bring herself to tell me to fuck off because she knows i cannot deal with it, so she sticks around and puts herself through it. she hates me. i am not stupid, i can see it. does she talk about me behind my back about how much of a pain i am and how she wishes i was gone? i do not know, i hope not, but i know i have done nothing to have her sing my praises i wish i was gone too, i did not ask to be born in the first place. i want to just disappear and have no one wonder where i have gone. then again, why would they? hell, if i could, i would just hit fast forward. life is just me waiting for whatever random occurance kills me. unless i grow a set and hit stop instead. would anyone really care if i did? would they even bother with a funeral? i am probably worth a ditch in a field somewhere. cheap, disposable, i serve my purpose and die. that is what my life is. there is nothing good waiting for me, nothing worth hanging on for. everyone else is doing so much better than me, and they deserve it, i am happy for them. i am the trash, the bottom of the barrel, i deserve nothing. let us face it, all my friends probably think i am stupid. they can see through my act, i am just a pity case. i am the tag along, the loner that gets the sad boy treatment. i want to tell them, have them know how i feel properly. i want them to read this. i want them to know that its nothing personal, just sometimes i do not want to live. but they have got more important things to worry about, i am nothing meaningful to them. i feel bad, no disgusting, that all my feelings get pushed onto the shoulders of one woman who really does not need it, and probably does not care. i am ugly, my hair is horrible, my body is skinny and gross, my nose is bent, my eyebrows are too thick and messy, my voice is whiny and pathetic, everything is disgusting. i shower everyday just so people can bear to be around me. if i am not going out, i will sit and fester in my own disgusting smell. i can smile, i can laugh. hell, i can have weeks where i feel... okay. not happy, i do not allow myself to do that anymore. if i feel even the smallest glimmer of happiness, i shut it down. i do not want to be happy, i do not deserve it. i am flat, in some state of non mood. i exist. and for some reason, i woke up that morning. that is all. no matter how badly i plead with myself, my body keeps on going, it just will not stop. i want it to, so fucking bad. why the hell am i writing this? just to be some kind of edgelord? it is my birthday this month, 22 years of existing, i am supposed to be excited, but i am not. i do not deserve that. why would anyone want to celebrate me? i have done nothing meaningful, nothing productive. i am a fucking parasite. i do not want to make it to 30. so i have decided that i will kill myself the day before my 30th. why bother living any longer? your body starts to degrade at 27, it is given up trying to fix you. so why? why bother going on any longer? there is no point, you are just prolonging the inevitable. so i will just exist till then, plenty of time for something to kill me beforehand. hell, why not kill myself at 25? make it easier on myself. but i suppose i have to give myself a chance, not that i want to, but self righteous twats will not let me give up. i bet they enjoy it, making me keep going, making me doubt myself on wether or not i choose to stop living. i just wish i was gone. fuck my family, fuck my parents for having me, i hate them both. i wish i was just another stillbirth, just like my brother, matthew. i bet he would be doing great right about now, why did i get to live, but he did not? it is not fair, i would trade places in an instant. selfish assholes, both of them. i do not want them anymore, i do not want any of my family anymore. fucking disown me, please, stop pretending i am worth a damn when i am just the failure. that is it. i just want everything to stop. everything. you get it? e v e r y t h i n g why the fuck am i here? my thoughts
hey there folk, friendly neighborhood rant here. cannot promise it will be reader friendly in terms of like formatting or timeline, but i will try my best. that being said, here goes. amp x200b okay so this whole thing starts when i was about 11, mormon, living in california, and my parents were getting divorced. my mother left me with my father, who was too depressed to even get out of bed, for 2 weeks. she comes back for my sister's wedding, and we move to indiana. in indiana, my mother and my other sister s2 decide that they are going to co parent me more or less. s2 is pretty much just unlikable in every way. she is the type of person to gaslight you into thinking you are not depressed we will get to that . then, after about a year or two in that living situation, the strawberry incident occurred. this is when s2's mother asked me if i felt like cutting some strawberries, and i replied that i did not. i was then forced to do muscle failure for a week straight. after that occurred, i began to realize that the family i have may not be the best for me. fast forward to about a year later. my father moves out to live with s2. one day, i was getting back from a temple trip to indy and i had a confrontation with s2. i told her how i felt and said i was not sorry. i then went to talk to my father and he called me a selfish cocksucker . that one always stuck. flash forward one more year, and i am in 8th grade. i am having trouble mentally and had planned my own offing. i was going to do it the night of a concert for my school band. a teacher ended up finding out and told my mom. she then turned it into me trying to actively harm her. i was then sent to a mental hospital wherein i was sexually assaulted by my roommates. when i get back, s2 tells me that i was not really depressed because she would have known. amp x200b intermission hey there here is a little break from the madness. i hope you are having a good day. anyways, let us dive back in. end of intermission amp x200b after that, i have a pretty uneventful time up until about the end of my freshman year. i had ended up overdosing on my antidepressants and told my best friend, w. me and w went into a stairwell and we called the crisis hotline, thinking it would be the last call i make. w and i had planned to sing wonderwall in our school's talent show. i had ended up being hospitalized again before being able to preform with him. i still feel terrible. later on, i was with my mother in a taco bell drive thru, and the only thing i remember her saying is why should i care about you when you treat me the way you do. . after a few weeks, cue a family party. i was on an lgbt site that i used to frequent i think it was a mightynetwork site, i do not really remember all that well. and also doing my schoolwork. s2 looks over to see what i was doing, and i showed her my schoolwork. she got suspicious of me, and asked to see my ipad. i refused, not wanting her to find out i was a member of the lgbt. she then escalates it, and we end up outside. i tell her that she is an active contributor to my depression, and she says that i do not have it. the next parts are extremely hazy, but i do remember her pushing me to the ground. i still refuse to give her my ipad password, so she threatens to call the police. in retrospect, i still would have kept it from her. after that, my brother in law ends up getting it from me and looks through my profile, finding out that i was abrosexual. he then laughs at me, and offers me a cigar and beer to cool off . fun stuff. so after those events, i just cry myself to sleep and that is that. w ends up moving to the next town's school for our sophomore year and beyond. i have a new confidant, d. d and i go to the school counselor together to try to fix my living situation, and i am eventually told to go to the office one day. my principal, thinking i was in a gay relationship with d, called me a sick bastard , and changes mine and d's schedules, so that we no longer have classes together. somewhere along that timeline, in my freshman year, my dad dies. i am forced into sitting in a hospice room, awake, with my dying father for 12 hours. flash forward to now. going into my senior year. i am scared of letting anything show to my mom and getting hospitalized and not being able to go on my germany trip next year. i just want to know what to do. please. ,
i will be talking this over with my therapist as well but more to the point, i think i may have finally found my... button? fire? motivation? i do not know what to call it really. amp x200b perhaps i am getting too far ahead of myself here. allow me to give you some information. amp x200b so essentially, depression is a static state of mind. it rarely changes. it is a very set in stone style of thinking. of all the things i know, one major aspect i learned was that depression, or rather sinking into the thoughts and feelings of depression is very much like meditating. you sit there and focus on the pain, the regrets, the turmoil, those feelings of worthlessness, suicidality, hopelessness and on and on it goes and it is so hard to challenge those thoughts because they get so loud. amp x200b so i have been studying, researching everything and if you look through some of my posts on this sub, you will come across some of my own theories and perspectives that deal with depression and functionality. amp x200b ok, so niceties out of the way, let us talk about the plan. amp x200b first of all is the center piece, the schedule. i know i am low enough to need to schedule everything. bathing, brushing my teeth, sleep time and so forth. amp x200b however, i am also taking this up a notch. the way i figure it, i am either going to burn myself out and rupture or i will succeed. either way, i will be out of this mindset, away from these feelings. amp x200b so in terms of what else is going to be added. amp x200b tuesdays wednesdays are usually my therapy appointments. amp x200b tuesday, thursday and saturday are my gratefulness journal amp x200b i will be doing my own therapy session using cbt and i am thinking that will be once a week on saturday to spread out between my therapy sessions and cbt sessions. amp x200b i am also going to force myself back into my old morning ritual. pretty basic stuff starting at 5 30am, get up, brush my teeth, morning meditation for 20 minutes, cup of coffee and breakfast, 30 minute walk, shower and shave, daily objectives journal. amp x200b i am also planning to add a self acceptance meditation into this perhaps twice a week, which will be a 20 minute meditation geared towards embracing my neuroses. re intigrating the fragmented parts of myself. amp x200b the basic plan right now is to hold this schedule for 4 weeks to build that habit and then i am looking to quit smoking. i have been smoking for 14 years now and it is about time i quit. amp x200b along side all of this, i also want to add on one last aspect. i want to volunteer down at my local homeless shelter. this will give me an outlet for my energy so it is not so geared towards being used as fuel for depression and at the same time gives me positive feedback in seeing how my actions can make a difference. plus any kinds of friends i happen to find as well as looking for references so i have something to show when i attempt to get employment. amp x200b i have been working on this plan for literal months, finding tid bits and pieces that i found crucial in forcing myself out of this. we are going nuclear. my mind does not have a problem sending nukes to destroy me, so it is time to return the favor. amp x200b i have got several tools for practical use against daily depressive episodes, such as the realization that i am literally meditating on that depression when i allow myself to sink into it. as well as a few other techniques such as bridging my thoughts, this means subtly changing them bit by bit. so this is useless becomes maybe it is not as useless or i will never be able to do this becomes maybe if i give myself a chance, i can do this things of that nature. amp x200b i have already beaten and almost entirely silenced the parts of me that were suicidal. so i know some of this stuff works. but that was target practice, it is time for live fire. the real deal. amp x200b considering the tools i have got, the information i have and everything else, i believe it is time to make that change. i know i do not want to die like this. i want something more. but above all, i know the most important detail. this, all of this, it is just practice. that is all. it does not need to be threatening, it does not need to be scary. it is just practice. amp x200b but what do you think? feedback, please? with a cherry on top?
mine is not a sad, tragic one. my mom is an okay woman, with good intentions, and like the old saying goes good intentions pave the road to hell. she got out of poverty and found a good job, was not so successful with my father lost to another woman , but in south africa being fatherless is pretty much a character trait everybody has. i have a sister with adhd, so to prevent my sister from acting up she is strict on us. but she also has a strict background, so it is in the genes.i am 16, male and depressed, not as bad as i used to be 2 year ago, but i am no optimist who tells everyone it gets better, because really it do not. my depression does not root itself in traumatic events and the lack of friends, i have loving friends and though i have been through some sexual shit at a young age, i do not take it too seriously. i got depressed because i questioned previous my religion christianity , i am not atheist, i believe there is a god s , but he is not the over glorified bloke in the bible, too many facts about the world points out that he wanted the world fucked up and humans or demons are not the bad guys here. anyway, i got pressed, life became meaning less and all my dreams of ministering to the world just went to shit. i saw no more reason to live. and it was a downward spiral from there on out. i went back to watching porn and being addicted to it, using the little data got every month, hoping my mom could get that uncapped shit so i fap to all the pawgs out there, i isolated myself a lot and contemplated self harm but my fear of sharp objects refused i tread down that path and refusing to hear any of that positivity bs. you know, the usual's.then i smoke weed and discovered my interest in art. i fell in love with how artists could portray concepts into simple but deep drawings and paintings. i personally liked non paint art, it just gets me. art led me to philosophy which then led be to listening to that positive bs which led me to listening to people and appreciating their existence without forcing my ideals and experience onto them, this led me to storytelling and there i fell in love with writing, drawing and mildly socialising. before i stopped masturbating, and i was actually happy. still i pushed philosophical thoughts and realised that nothing is as big as i had made it out to be and the little dark box i put myself in was non existent.then my mothers good intentions kicked in. my grades started fluctuating to to my attention being drawn away from school. when my attention was drawn back to school, i saw it for the farce it was. it barely taught us anything, i brought in so much invisible pressure to kids and was just abuse to the teachers who have to baby sit 40 children in a class. school sucked, not to mention that textbooks keep repeating the shit they said the previous years and could easily be replaced by youtube and google. when i realised this, i told my mom about it, hoping she would hear me out on my art thing, but she called me names and said i was spewing nonsense. she meant well honestly, she did not want me being poor or homeless, but i do not see myself being rich either. all i want is to draw and tell stories, i do not really care about anything else. then back came my depression, i was drawing less, still making up stories in my head but then i started beating myself up for not drawing. schools are reopening soon i am online btw, finally got that uncapped shit which means less drawing. i do not want to be a robot that just gets the a's without learning anything, but my moms not seeing it, she is putting more pressure on me, ensuring i have no me time. right now, i am contemplating suicide, that way i do not feel the pain of school anymore, any before you give me the suicide hurts your loved ones speech , just remember that you get what you give, so if my loved ones give pain, then they will get it.i do not want to be rebellious and be a prick, there is no way i am running away now, winter nights are just too cold. summers coming though, and i am not about to put in effort into something that drains me again. what do i do redditors. advise me, should just end me or should i walk the path of pain.? my apologies if the text is too long, i just needed you guys to be well informed before advising me. i need advice.
i cannot stop thinking about it. it almost gives me a panic attack, i feel like i have to rush out and make up for all the time i have lost but i do not know how. every day that passes with me still being the way i am is another day i fear ill regret if i ever make it to old age but i do not even know what the hell i am supposed to do about it.i cannot do the things other people my age do. i cannot go out drinking, its been ruined for me. for a start its ill advised to drink while on medication and i am always on something these days. but also, my drinking habits have been a problem in the past, i slip into constant alcohol fairly easily because i am desperate for any escape from my head. but even now, even if i feel confident i will not overdo it or let it become a habit, i cannot. people in the past have made me feel so guilty about drinking at all that even though i do not talk to them or anyone anymore, if i even take a sip of alcohol i feel a wave of shame wash over me and trying to drink more puts me in constant conflict with myself. and i know people are going to say you can go places and not drink, but when was the last time you went somewhere where everyone else was drinking and you actually had fun? maybe, its just me though, maybe i just cannot tolerate people sober. i guess its why i do not have any friends at all. not even one. i do not know what is wrong with me but i cannot do it anymore. i have tried to make friends, hang out with people after work and stuff but it just makes me want to put a gun to my head. i just want to leave and be alone and i cannot escape the feeling no matter how much i force myself to go out or get over it. i am lonely in theory but when it comes to being around people in practice, there is nothing i hate more. i do not even understand it.i cannot go out and try drugs because my mental state is already so fucked that there is a serious worry of drugs fucking it up even more and leaving at a point where i cannot tolerate existing anymore, i can barely tolerate it now.i cannot have relationships for much the same reason that i cannot have friends. and even if i could, i am way too unstable to make it work so it would only end up causing me pain. but i hear about people my age going out and dating and i feel like i am going to miss my window even though i cannot even go out and do it.i cannot even have sex because, again, i cannot stand being around people. and even when i do manage to get myself into that position somehow, its completely unsatisfying because the medication has ruined it for me and i just feel broken and ashamed. one more thing people my age can go out and experience while i am left here unable to.i cannot even focus on a career or making money because i cannot even hold down a job for a year without my mental health completely crippling me and destroying my ability to function in any way for months at a time, forcing me to give up the job. it happens at every job i have ever had. nothing stops it.i know what people are going to say, these things are just stereotypes for my age group and plenty of people my age do not do any of them and are still happy but that is not me. that is not what i wanted from my 20s. i wanted to experience these things but i just cannot. i am forced to spend most of my 20s stuck in my room, desperately fighting against my own head. and nothing seems to help, either. i have tried so fucking hard to change this shit but nothing helps it. i have been to so many therapists over the past couple years, just fucking hoping to go that one of them can help me but they have not helped anything, i have only gotten worse. i have done everything they have told me to do, i have kept an open mind and tried to be hopeful about the process but it does not work. not even the medications do anything, i have been on so many, built up to the highest dose on various antidepressants, antipsychotics and mood stabilisers and none of them have done anything at all to improve my mood and i do not know why. guess i am just well and truly broken because nothing and no one can seem to fix me at all.so every day i watch my 20s grow shorter and shorter and i panic as i watch the days disappear but i cannot do a fucking thing to change it. my mental illnesses are stealing my 20s from me
i am very embarrassed posting this, since it includes topics relating my sexuality, but i feel like i need someone to listen i am going to write my post inside because what i will write is literally a bunch of things i wrote to someone i was chatting with, and since all i wrote to them is pretty much all i am complaining about here, i will do it this way i am a 19yo, gay guy, i will actually turn 20 next week, and for a really long time, i have felt really unattractive.my mom says i am actually good looking, and that i only need to loose weight, honestly, this does give me a little hope, but i still have some problems even with that way of thinking. my mom says i am not ugly, but no one at school has ever felt attracted to me, i never came out at school, and i do not even know if there are other gay guys there, so it is no wonder no guy ever liked me but i really think there is got to be a reason for no girls ever liking me, not even a single girl was interested in me in all those years, i studied in that school for 15 years, i had been classmates with the same people for 8 years, and no one showed any interest, that honestly makes me sad...and makes me doubt my mom's words side note, i posted some pics in other subs and this person saw them, they are in my profile, keep in mind it is nsfw, so if you dislike it, do not see please, continuing... i think it is really obvious that i am very insecure about the size of my penis, if i had to explain it properly, well you already saw it i dislike it is size, and it is color, i am fine with the shape, i am fine with the glands, i am fine with the curve, i am fine with the foreskin, but i am unhappy about the size and the color, i wish it was bigger, like 6 to 7 inches, and that the color was more resembling pink.i know it is no use worrying about those two things, i know it is something out of my control, but you have no idea how much it frustrates me, i feel so ugly, so unattractive, and unlikeable.the only hope i have left is working out and loosing all this extra weight, but even if i did, 5.5 inches long, and 4.7 inches thick is all i can truly be, 5.5 is my bone pressed length, and even tho people say it is averages, honestly it is not enough i was fine with not being as tall as i wanted, i was fine with not being as smart as i thought i was, i was fine with not being so lucky with love, i was fine with not having a boyfriend before, i was fine with so many things, i was willing to accept so many bad things i have, because, after all, no one is perfect, we all pretty much have to have something not so beautiful, but why do i have to be so poorly endowed, it is so frustrating! if i am unhappy with my weight, i can change it, if i am unhappy with my height, well, i am 174cm, and even though that is not very tall, it is not very short either, not only that, but it kind of helps me feel somewhat cute...well it would help me feel cute, if i did not already feel so ugly.you know, i am not even into being some sort of playboy, and i am not into having one night stands, or fooling around having casual sex, sex has a deep meaning for me, i just want to find my true love, i just want to find someone special who loves me and who i love, i am so willing to work hard to earn someone is love, to be special to someone, but honestly, i do not feel handsome enough to be with someone, i would like to feel handsome, and sexy and beautiful for him, but when i see myself, i do not see someone attractive, handsome, sexy nor beautiful, and it depresses me so much just thinking about making someone settle for less, settle for me, i wish i could be good enough, so that being with me does not feel like he is doing me a favor, i want to be someone my loved one not only loves, but also truly desires to be with, i do not want to feel like love blinds him in order to be with me. that is the end of the message i wrote to the other person i was chatting with other people, but things did not end up very well, i ended up feeling really sad, despite their kinds words,.so i am writing here, hopefully people here do not struggle with their sexuality, that is something i would not wish to anyone, but maybe i could be understood, since other people did not understand... feeling really down...again
i am not shure if this is the right sub for this but i have to write this down somewhere.i am a 18 year old male avererage reddit user from germany.about a year ago i wanted to upgrade my pc and accidently broke it. the problem in having summer vacation, close to no friends and being unable to do your two only hobbies is you have time to think, a lot of time to think. after about two weeks of doing nothing except of thinking about my past actions and reflecting about my current state of having about 1 2 friends ig i am still not shure what a friend really is, where do you draw the line? , severly performing under my possibilities and nearly failing my abitur highschool my mood went downwards fast. after 4 weeks when i finally got my parts to fix the pc the damage was already done. on a daily basis my mood got worse, over time i enjoyed my hobbies less and less, got less talk active which you can see on this post i usually do a lot and ate less and less to the point of loosing about 10kg in one week which is unhealthy but i am overweight so its not that big of a deal because everything tasted bland anyways and i felt empty anyways. i noticed early where that is going to go but was shure after the last final school trip in which i had basically a breakdown once a day. i kept going anyways because i did not want anyone to worry but at the same time i wanted exactly that i wanted to see that people actually care about me, not because they had to because they are related or care about everyone, i wanted to see if somebody actually noticed that i am not okay and not just moody. spoiler nobody did, apart from maybe my teacher that noticed that i basically went from the most active student in the course to the least active. i cried almost every day. nobody noticed my mom just thought i wanted to loose weight. my 18th birthday was about that time, i wanted to skip it both my parents divorced did not allow it. so i had two partys one with my mom, my aunt and my best friend and one with my dad, gradparents, brother, and my dads patchwork family. both were stressing me out strongly, all human interaction was hard, i wanted to appear kind of ok even though the suicidal thoughts slowly crawled in my head more and more. i still hoped anybody notices. a few weeks later i was so instable that a simple test in school basically broke me to the point of not even being able to uphold my facade in school. that is where i drew the line, i cannot wait anymore for somebody to help, if i will not help myself now i would possibly do something really stupid later. i went to my doctor. i expected to get told i was overreacting and should calm down. my doctor took me very serious, he calmed me down took some test to check if there was a non hormonal because and prescribed me antidepressants and wrote me sick for the day and tge day after it was thursday and the second lockdown was the week after anyways . that day was the worst, i basically had to tell my mostly oblivious relatives that i was depressed and i had to decide if i would actually use the drugs i had gotten. after talking with my parents and people i knew i came to the conclusion that i have no real alternativ than taking them. i found a psychologist about 1 2months later way faster than i expected. after about half a year of sucessful medication and therapy my psychologist said they are thinking i would not need therapy anymore, i agreed. i talked to my doctor and quit the meds. i finished school with a grade better than expected. i thought it was over it.but the whole time i knew the only goal i had in finding somebody who cared was unfulfilled. i have not found one person that cared about me, i had to get myself out of there even though that was the only thing i wanted not to do. it haunts me. i had two medium breakdowns this week. i am am fucking scared. i do not want to be depressed again, i cannot go through that shit again. i do not know what to do anymore. everything turned out fine why am i going down the same fucking road i went about a year ago? why do i feel like i am not even worth getting cared about? i can study what i want everything went far better than expected why tf is my mood getting worse? i just do not know anymore. i do not know anymore
unfortunately, i am 17f and three months away from turning 18 i do not expect medical advice but just to rant. a year ago i was in a psych ward after a previous attempt of suicide and i was assigned to see a therapist since i got discharged and i had multiple fucked up episodes since, the most recent one costing me my job temporarily. i was out of work for a month my therapist told me it was likely i have bipolar disorder and assigned for me to see a doctor the next month. we do not have a car so my narcissistic father had to take me but told me he could not take us he did not want to do it because i yelled at him for yelling at my mother for asking for financial support and saying that that is exactly why he left her . he refused to take me after waiting a month for care because i swore at him for blaming us for his bullshit narcissism. he said to my mother until i apologize for my actions he is going to stop taking care of me dental needs, doctors appointments, etc. my mom does not believe in medication and i am not really a fan either, but since bipolar has been pointed out to me the hallucinations, paranoia, insomnia, impulsive decisions, and suicide attempts, make sense because of the dramatic shifts in my moods a few times a year. i believe i am manic at the moment because my decision making gets waaaaay more fucked up than usual and i am loud, fast talking, energized, and have not slept for more than 5 hours a night and now i am not sleeping at all regardless of 9 hours shifts at work. i only have insight now because it happened to me so many times. i am really irritable at my mother because i have to be like this because until i am 18 i have no say in my care. she does not believe in medicine and i do not like medicine either but i do not want to be like this anymore. she calls me dramatic when i feel like i am going through hell in my mind. everyone just feels the need to call me a bitch me did not sleep at all after closing at work and when i almost had a remote chance at sleeping my niece starts screaming her head off my sister who recently shit on me for crying about a recent miscarriage i had at a baseball game and asking to go home when she wanted to see fucking big and rich lmao literally yelled at me the whole time for asking to leave in front of zillions of people starts hissing at me and blaming me for waking up her child when she was clearly already awake and screaming when i got up me pissed because of this my sister you are such a bitch! then there is my mom me exhausted but cannot sleep due to the episode my mom take out the garbage. me okay. my mom i said do it now! i do everything around here and you just lay there. me did not sleep after work, just hates life in general and does not want to react the way i do but she keeps freaking out it will get done i promise you! my mom you always say that. you always have to have things done your way. proceeds to threaten to call my dad or someone to yell at me me yells expletives out of extreme anger, starts screaming and covering ears because of sensory overload, and begs her to leave me alone because nothing would be more relieving at that point my mom walks away you are so dramatic. my mom does not get that i have a disease in my brain. she makes me live like this and it makes me so angry when she says stuff like that.my dad in a nutshell is bipolar himself, narcissistic, and blackmails me for taking care of me i hate it when people try to tell me that it is because i am a teenager i want those people to go to hell. i have tried to die 3 times, cannot function without a stimulant, lost a child, was shit on for having feelings about it, have abandonment issues because of my dad leaving when i was one, forcing me to be in this world with these problems and then replacing me and he still does not let us forget! lol not to mention people who have called me a mess and left and used me on a romantic level , have three current diagnoses already, and if i express myself i get called a bitch or somebody has it worse i am done.i feel like genuinely crying but my moods will not let me. i deal with manic episodes and i am called dramatic by my mother who will not let me go on medication not as long of a story as it looks
i 24 booked an appointment because i wanted to know if i have adhd, but in that appointment just doc heard me and low key laughed on self diagnosis, i cannot shake that feeling. she did not tell me if it is adhd or no, she just said my thoughts seems scattered and i might have depression.and for diagnosis i have to book another appointmentfrom that i am re thinking about stuff, mostly my days goes this way wake up at random hour with a terrible feeling, it started this month, most likely it is a build of stress and fear of not having a career, and most importantly losing my ex first love, there is a chance i have r ocd intrusive thoughts related to relationship, person, and so on depending on the but mostly the horrible last around 2 hours till i get normal some days i try to do few things before my energy and will power is done, sometimes not even that and just be sadi do not prioritize, as i am overwhelmed with work i need to do, especially unwanted work. i probably never did it well which can be symptom of adhd or executive dysfunctioni never ate well so i am underweight like hell, like bare minimum, 90ibs 40kg 5'4 which is like 15 bmi, so no wonder i am not high on energy, and i do not have energy for anything but eating is hard and i do not move much or exercise so it is like a bad circle which can make anyone life unorganized and bad in last three years, from feeling full of love even tho it might just be dopamine, getting from new activities and hope, i went to feeling only anger, empty, blocked locked heart, sadness, that is all, for a while i did not cry too while i used to cry a lot yesterday when i went outside which i do not do often, i felt at coming home how i feel this feeling in my back, probably unsafe or uncomfortable feeling? i feel that all the time at home, but not when i was outside, there is no way i will be moving away from home, but i do not even have my own room, probably that is why it happens, and i just do not feel safe for not having a career yet for few days when i felt motivated, i could do barely few task, but it makes sense as the only time i actually finish a project, it is when that it is for a complete stranger online, because i do not like them waiting and i feel i just have to finishi did not started studying yet, exam is in less than a month if they do not get delayed, i cannot concentrate or understand much when i read i am not sure about emotions, like recently when i thought am i missing my friend or i am just lonely, before i was not like this, i knew if i love someone or something, but emotions just do not come to me like that anymore i cannot concentrate 5 sentences, but that work is unwanted, boring and i did not study in a while so makes sense i cannot right? i get angry and aggressive internally fast enough i thinkalso it was not like this before but when i do things, i take few seconds break where my mind is just full on blank and waiting for an instruction to come from my brain, it was not this long or anything before but not sure if it happened while i tried to slow down my thoughts for surviving pure ocdi like the comfort not moving gives, you just pick a distraction and not move, and the sadness or anything, you at least feel comfortable from these things it feels my lifestyle is making me sick, well i be as tired if i could eat and exercisewill i feel those anxious or idk they can be panic attack especially morning one, if i was not feeling that i might lose my only and most important friend and career issuewill i not feel this if i felt safe at home and about my futurei wanted to be sure if i have adhd, as i used to be able to finish my studies at last minute but i cannot anymore, ps adhd and emotional anger suddenly, hyperfocus on games or other stuffmy previous bad habits turned extremeso i am not sure if i do not have adhd, then i cannot get medication which helps ton of people getting stuff done, as i am not seeking happiness from the diagnose, i just want to be able to finish my stuff urgently, i really want to work on my life for next 6 months, so yeah should i try for idk millionth time and delay diagnose appointment or do if anyway should i get a diagnose or wait for it?
i have noticed that talking about my depression and anxiety does not really give me the greatest results. this especially holds true in romantic relationships. i have told just about every woman i have dated i have struggled with mental health and all of those relationships ended. i told them partly because it was all that was on my mind, partly because i wanted comfort, but also a part of me thought i should be honest and transparent about it and that somehow it would be appreciated. i think i have bought into this notion that men should be more vulnerable and talk about their feelings. for a while i legitimately thought whining about my feelings was the right thing to do, despite how dumb that may sound, because no one told me otherwise. i also reasoned that if a woman talked to me about her mental health struggles, that should be an invitation to talk about mine. i had a mental breakdown in front of my current girlfriend. things are fine now but she told me she does not want me to constantly talk about my anxiety because she also has anxiety and it stresses her out. a few years ago i would have gotten really mad and upset, but i can now understand why that would not be something that a woman would want me to talk about all the time. i said okay that makes sense, and we moved on from there. i genuinely appreciated the feedback, because it was information that was helpful and would allow me to course correct my behavior. after that interaction there was a rough patch but things seem fine now. every interaction i have had with her since then i have made it a point to be more confident and i sense that she is more attracted to me because of it. i really aspire to not bring up my anxiety and depression to her anymore. i will say one caveat though, if something catastrophic happens ill talk about it. some people may say i should just find another woman who understands, but i do not really think a lot of women out there want that out of a man. if i stormed away from her and found someone else to whine to, the same thing might happen. it might even be worse. i think she cares but she does not want to play the role of a therapist.anyway, i have been reading a lot about personality traits, and the one trait that is not helpful in any situation is neuroticism. all the literature says people who have this trait struggle immensely in romantic relationships, and i believe this would explain my prior struggles. disconcertingly, its been said that it is almost impossible to change your personality traits, but i am trying to implement tactics that will at least help and i do believe i have made significant progress over the past few years. i just have a long way to go. the thing is, i want to be in a stable romantic relationship, and i am to the point where i would rather just hide my neuroticism and act like a manly, confident man, than allow my neurotic tendencies to be integrated into my interactions with my girlfriend. on the surface this may seem dishonest, but i truly believe the one thing that is causing me trouble in relationships is my neuroticism. if i can keep that at bay while continuing to work on improving by myself, that is what i intend to do. i really do not but this vulnerability crap anymore. i just do not believe women are attracted to it. maybe if its done tactfully its okay, but when you are at a really low spot its very difficult to do that. i really think my only solution towards a long term relationship is to suck it up and be a man. i know this sounds inauthentic but i really do not want to be an old lonely guy in my 60s or 70s with no wife, kids, or family. if displaying my neuroticism leads to that outcome, i will gladly suppress it all day long. on a side note, i believe that the fact that i can avoid showing my neuroticism is an indication that i am improving. in the past i would not have been able to hide it no matter hard i would try. i am absolutely committed to doing everything i can to improve my mental health from here on out, despite how insurmountable it may look. tl dr i am willing to hide my mental health issues in order to have a relationship. talking about my depression causes bad outcomes in relationships
i 24 booked an appointment because i wanted to know if i have adhd, but in that appointment just doc heard me and low key laughed on self diagnosis, i cannot shake that feeling. she did not tell me if it is adhd or no, she just said my thoughts seems scattered and i might have depression.and for diagnosis i have to book another appointmentfrom that i am re thinking about stuff, mostly my days goes this way wake up at random hour with a terrible feeling, it started this month, most likely it is a build of stress and fear of not having a career, and most importantly losing my ex first love, there is a chance i have r ocd intrusive thoughts related to relationship, person, and so on depending on the but mostly the horrible last around 2 hours till i get normal some days i try to do few things before my energy and will power is done, sometimes not even that and just be sadi do not prioritize, as i am overwhelmed with work i need to do, especially unwanted work. i probably never did it well which can be symptom of adhd or executive dysfunctioni never ate well so i am underweight like hell, like bare minimum, 90ibs 40kg 5'4 which is like 15 bmi, so no wonder i am not high on energy, and i do not have energy for anything but eating is hard and i do not move much or exercise so it is like a bad circle which can make anyone life unorganized and bad in last three years, from feeling full of love even tho it might just be dopamine, getting from new activities and hope, i went to feeling only anger, empty, blocked locked heart, sadness, that is all, for a while i did not cry too while i used to cry a lot yesterday when i went outside which i do not do often, i felt at coming home how i feel this feeling in my back, probably unsafe or uncomfortable feeling? i feel that all the time at home, but not when i was outside, there is no way i will be moving away from home, but i do not even have my own room, probably that is why it happens, and i just do not feel safe for not having a career yet for few days when i felt motivated, i could do barely few task, but it makes sense as the only time i actually finish a project, it is when that it is for a complete stranger online, because i do not like them waiting and i feel i just have to finishi did not started studying yet, exam is in less than a month if they do not get delayed, i cannot concentrate or understand much when i read i am not sure about emotions, like recently when i thought am i missing my friend or i am just lonely, before i was not like this, i knew if i love someone or something, but emotions just do not come to me like that anymore i cannot concentrate 5 sentences, but that work is unwanted, boring and i did not study in a while so makes sense i cannot right? i get angry and aggressive internally fast enough i thinkalso it was not like this before but when i do things, i take few seconds break where my mind is just full on blank and waiting for an instruction to come from my brain, it was not this long or anything before but not sure if it happened while i tried to slow down my thoughts for surviving pure ocdi like the comfort not moving gives, you just pick a distraction and not move, and the sadness or anything, you at least feel comfortable from these things it feels my lifestyle is making me sick, well i be as tired if i could eat and exercisewill i feel those anxious or idk they can be panic attack especially morning one, if i was not feeling that i might lose my only and most important friend and career issuewill i not feel this if i felt safe at home and about my futurei wanted to be sure if i have adhd, as i used to be able to finish my studies at last minute but i cannot anymore, ps adhd and emotional anger suddenly, hyperfocus on games or other stuffmy previous bad habits turned extremeso i am not sure if i do not have adhd, then i cannot get medication which helps ton of people getting stuff done, as i am not seeking happiness from the diagnose, i just want to be able to finish my stuff urgently, i really want to work on my life for next 6 months, so yeah should i try for idk millionth time and delay diagnose appointment or do if anyway should i get a diagnose or wait for it?
i apologize if my english writing is unclear. this is a bit of a rant. i have been very miserable for a very long time, at least in relation to how long i have been alive 16 . my earliest memories of wanting to die was when i was 11ish, and it has not improved since. i find it very hard to find and keep close friends and i have no close relationship with my family. my parents are extremely socially conservative and do not take mental health seriously. my brother tried to commit suicide back in 2019 and even then they treated it as a mindset issue . i cannot go to him or any of my other siblings because i do not have that type of relationship with them. we were pitted against each other at a very young age and the resentment is still there. it feels like getting professional mental health treatment is out of the question while i am living with my family, they do not even like to take me to the doctor. i do not feel like i have a future. for the past 2 months i have lay in my bed and felt miserable because i have been too afraid to get a job, or apply to things i need to apply to, or practice and get better at my one real extracurricular fencing . i do nothing and i tell myself it does not matter because i am not going to reach the future anyways because i am going to commit suicide. but, i know i do not have the courage to do so, but i do not have the courage to fix my life either. when school starts in about 3 weeks i know i am going to have completely fucked myself over because in my school you are required to have a current resume, and they expect it to be constantly changing and evolving and i have nothing. i have done nothing in the past year and nothing to show. in addition, i enrolled to be in an internship program in which i can intern with local legal firms police or lawyer , but i have not been even trying to contact these places. i have not because i am too afraid to call them when i cannot email, and none of the places i emailed have responded from a month ago .the one extracurricular i have fencing i am not even good at, because i started in late october of last year and in comparison to my peers, all high level ranked, i am a joke. i started too late. i have no skills i am good at, because my parents generally ignored me for my siblings who all succeed in the sports and arts they choose to do and encouraged little from me. so i did nothing because i had no passion for anything.i cannot even leave my house and do the one thing i love to do anymore. i used to love to go on walks in nature but i cannot anymore. i hate going outside and feeling inferior to everyone. i do not even know why at this point. i cannot even admit to myself how bad i feel. every time i do i cannot help but minimize my own problems. i cannot help but feel like there is no reason for me to feel as bad as i do i am middle class and have both parents in the picture . i cannot help but think everything i am listing is just stupid melodramatic teenage bull and its not worth hurting myself over which it prolly is not . but it still just hurts my heart so much. i hate feeling like i am a waste of potential. i hate feeling like it is over. i am still very young. but i compare myself to my peers and my own family and i see nothing but cowardice and a waste. i want my parents and family to be proud of me so much. but i know this is unlikely. in addition to the lack of accomplishments, i am bisexual and my conservative parents as mentioned above would never accept me if they knew. i hate having to hide myself and i know if they ever found out they would tell me i am confused and a faker and a liar. or, they would get rid of me completely.i am so afraid of the future and i am so afraid because i am going to have to reach it alone. i do not have any friends or family. the only person who has ever been proud of me is my fencing coach, but i do not know what he sees in me. i hate showing my face around our academy because i am so afraid of disappointing him. but i am always going to, because i am never going to be a good athlete. i do not know what to do anymore. but thank you for reading. i am hurting my future because i am a coward.
the one i care about the most has been depressed for so long i doubt they remember how truly being okay is. they are so strong. they have been torn apart, abused mentally and physically, traumatized and scarred for life, but somehow, they always try to have a smile on their face. they are the most amazing person i know, perfect in every way. so why do they have to suffer so much? why does no one notice? why does no one care?i used to understand how you could hurt so bad all you could think of was suicide. i remember fighting so hard against my thoughts to harm myself. but now, all of that pain is gone. i no longer feel things. i live in a constant state of anhedonia. i am numb, weak. i do not have a will anymore. i do not have goals or a future either. i am just going with the flow at this point. but them, they are always able to free me up from those chains that trapped my feelings and allow to me feel things. when i am with them, i am able to have emotions. i can feel happiness, i can feel sadness, i can feel love. i can feel everything.i have sad and bpad so maybe that is why i feel the way i do. i have considered talking to a doctor and getting medication for a while, but i do not think it would be worth it, to be honest. i probably would have to pay for them, i would feel even worse at first, i would have to tell my parents about it, and i am definitely not planning on letting them know anytime soon, plus, it would take so much effort to get a proper diagnosis and what not. i would rather do nothing and get better eventually.while i acknowledge my feelings are valid and my depression is real, i feel like those who have trauma behind their depressions are definitely in a worst place than me and that makes me question myself. they have actual traumas that have completely shattered their hearts. they are broken individuals needing help to glue their hearts back together. they are in pain constantly. me on the other hand, it is like i have a stone heart, it is not broken, it is just made of a different material. i am rarely in pain, because i am always numb.i used to have traumas, but i taught myself how to deal with them, so i have never really been in pain for too long. plus, they were not that bad to begin with. the things that impacted me the most were the lack of attention as a kid, the fact my parents argued constantly and i remember vividly grabbing a knife as a kid 5 8 years old, i do not remember when it happened exactly and threatening them to kill myself if they got a divorce, because that is all they talked about and i was so scared and the bullying i went through as a kid, which to be fair is not that bad either, just being made fun off, having my feelings played with, being excluded and for a year, having my phone stolen for a few minutes and getting my privacy completely violated. i also realized recently i was sexually abused by a classmate, who sat on my lap once and grinded against me for a bit, at the time i did not really understand my feelings, i thought it was a little awkward but that i had enjoyed it, i guess, but looking back, i was uncomfortable and that caught me out of nowhere.all of the friends i have made either forgot about me or hate me. i do not even know why, to be honest. i guess i am a black sheep. apparently i was wrong for distancing myself from someone who played with my feelings and hating them for it. apparently i was wrong for distancing myself from a toxic friend group, or well, a toxic friend, rather, but i was not the one who did not check up on someone after a few months of not talking and knowing i have been depressed before. that same friend had the audacity to call me a disappointment and an awful person when i tried to make things up with them. funny thing is, they used to be close friends, then kind of drifted away and ever since i have left them, they got back together again. it is so funny when one of them passes by me and tries to ignore my existence while giving me nasty looks and clearly wanting my attention because not only are they being hypocritical, but they look dumb as fuck.either way, that is all i have for today. goodnight. thoughts
i would have liked to consider myself as someone who recovered like someone battling cancer or other similar diseases. like its been 6 years now, can i say that i do not have major depressive disorder anymore? what is damning about mental health is that its closer to an ongoing process closer to what you might see in recovering addicts. i am having my first major relapse depressive period in almost 6 years. my initial depression was something i did not recognize something i was not consciously aware of. honestly, i did not know of another way of thinking that long ago, and thought my life would always be like this, id always feel like this.. its a miracle i lived as long as i have. with the help of a counselor who was able to change my perspective, a psychiatrist and developing a support system, i was able to overcome the lowest of my depression and finally feel. normal ?now, i know what both feels like. what is normal and what is abnormal . i have had some small bumps and up and downs throughout time, but nothing major. i was always self aware enough of what negative patterns start to lead me to a downward spiral. i have maintained medication and self care habits to keep me from the edge. right now, i am in a major depressive episode. i do not know what happened. all of the sudden i was thinking of killing myself again. it first started actively thinking of ways to off myself. i could not think of anything else. then, those thoughts started to think in the background. i was grocery shopping, looking at fruits and trying to think if i wanted an apple, then i was hoping that something would happen and kill me there. its this weird disconnect where i feel so self aware of these thoughts unlike before. like i know i am moving slowly. i have to think about the next step on refilling water than just doing the entire process fluidly open lid, think next step, ok put lid on side, ok what is next, . when i sit and stare at a blank wall, part of me wants to laugh because i know what is happening, but i cannot stop. i am still self aware mentally, but my body cannot take the action to start moving. i know its the symptoms of my depression, and i want to laugh everytime i notice it, because, hey its there and i know it is, but it will not go away and its making me do weird things like staring at blank walls for 12 hours. another thing i have noticed is when i talk to other people, its not a seamless experience of reacting to emotions and providing non verbal cues with verbal responses. i am taking in the information, putting everything i have into listening, then i have to think about what you said then decide how i should act. like i am thinking about whether to frown or how to show concern on my face, then i can finally maybe think of something to say. its like this very unnatural experience to try and stay normal . sleeping regularly is something that i used to take pride in. now i cannot sleep until the sun rises, but then to try and correct my sleep, ill wake up 3 hours later. ill feel so tired both physically and mentally until about 10pm, when i finally feel ready to accomplish a small task. from 9am 10pm, i spend my time trying to gather some form of strength to move, to accomplish something, to do dishes or laundry or really, anything. now that i am not a teen or young adult anymore, and as someone who now has a career and a job where other people need me, well, its not going good to say the least. there is no real end to this because there is no end, and i am currently suffering from an depressive episode. i feel close to a crisis but also feel too aware and cannot just let things be like this. i guess to end this, would be some advice or help? i am in so deep that doing simple things take 10 hours before i can do it. i try to think of things i used to enjoy doing, but cannot even fathom any enjoyment in them i.e., hiking right now, its just a lot of effort to look at some effing shrubs and trees. what were the small things you have done to pull yourself out? thinking of taking medical leave and seeing my psychiatrist seem like an impossibility daunting task right now. relapse ramble amp support?
i would have liked to consider myself as someone who recovered like someone battling cancer or other similar diseases. like its been 6 years now, can i say that i do not have major depressive disorder anymore? what is damning about mental health is that its closer to an ongoing process closer to what you might see in recovering addicts. i am having my first major relapse depressive period in almost 6 years. my initial depression was something i did not recognize something i was not consciously aware of. honestly, i did not know of another way of thinking that long ago, and thought my life would always be like this, id always feel like this.. its a miracle i lived as long as i have. with the help of a counselor who was able to change my perspective, a psychiatrist and developing a support system, i was able to overcome the lowest of my depression and finally feel. normal?now, i know what both feels like. what is normal and what is abnormal. i have had some small bumps and up and downs throughout time, but nothing major. i was always self aware enough of what negative patterns start to lead me to a downward spiral. i have maintained medication and self care habits to keep me from the edge. right now, i am in a major depressive episode. i do not know what happened. all of the sudden i was thinking of killing myself again. it first started actively thinking of ways to off myself. i could not think of anything else. then, those thoughts started to think in the background. i was grocery shopping, looking at fruits and trying to think if i wanted an apple, then i was hoping that something would happen and kill me there. its this weird disconnect where i feel so self aware of these thoughts unlike before. like i know i am moving slowly. i have to think about the next step on refilling water than just doing the entire process fluidly open lid, think next step, ok put lid on side, ok what is next, . when i sit and stare at a blank wall, part of me wants to laugh because i know what is happening, but i cannot stop. i am still self aware mentally, but my body cannot take the action to start moving. i know its the symptoms of my depression, and i want to laugh everytime i notice it, because, hey its there and i know it is, but it will not go away and its making me do weird things like staring at blank walls for 12 hours. another thing i have noticed is when i talk to other people, its not a seamless experience of reacting to emotions and providing non verbal cues with verbal responses. i am taking in the information, putting everything i have into listening, then i have to think about what you said then decide how i should act. like i am thinking about whether to frown or how to show concern on my face, then i can finally maybe think of something to say. its like this very unnatural experience to try and stay normal. sleeping regularly is something that i used to take pride in. now i cannot sleep until the sun rises, but then to try and correct my sleep, ill wake up 3 hours later. ill feel so tired both physically and mentally until about 10pm, when i finally feel ready to accomplish a small task. from 9am 10pm, i spend my time trying to gather some form of strength to move, to accomplish something, to do dishes or laundry or really, anything. now that i am not a teen or young adult anymore, and as someone who now has a career and a job where other people need me, well, its not going good to say the least. there is no real end to this because there is no end, and i am currently suffering from an depressive episode. i feel close to a crisis but also feel too aware and cannot just let things be like this. i guess to end this, would be some advice or help? i am in so deep that doing simple things take 10 hours before i can do it. i try to think of things i used to enjoy doing, but cannot even fathom any enjoyment in them i.e., hiking right now, its just a lot of effort to look at some effing shrubs and trees. what were the small things you have done to pull yourself out? thinking of taking medical leave and seeing my psychiatrist seem like an impossibility daunting task right now. relapse ramble amp support?
apologies for the somewhat misleading title. i am not exactly sure if it can be changed.as a student, this is my life go to classes gets anxious because as soon as something becomes hard, i tend to ruminate about it and lose focus. everything is an effort do i do any work? hell no. i am very lazy. i just cannot bring myself to do anything.my room is a mess. cannot stay organized for the life of me. my desk was full of papers but they were only chucked on the floor so i could put my computer there to do remote learning. after i leave a class, i am meant to do work assigned by the teachers. do i do that? no. every test i have studied for has been the night before. somehow i am getting decent grades. but i feel like i am not living up to my potential and i am more stressed and anxious in the process.the thought that everything is too hard and having unrealistic expectations is killing me. i am just unable to do things for some reason. i have no idea if this is an executive function issue, my anxiousness about perfectionism holding me back or because of my flat mood. the doctor was suspicious when i mentioned adhd and said i sound more like an anxiety and depression case. the indicators of adhd i do have are executive dysfunction trouble with executing tasks, cannot sit through tasks like lectures that require sustained attention unless it is the night before something is due , often has uncompleted tasks, often makes careless errors. but i am unsure if anxiousness about performance is causing these things to occur. the thing is, i have felt like this since early in life. i hardly remember the bulk of my childhood but i remember even doing homework in the class right before i have to hand it in. homework that did not matter. on that note, maybe i keep doing this because consequences do not really seem to affect me? there is also emotional dysregulation. up until my teens, i had a very low frustration tolerance and still do now although i have learnt to express it in different ways which would result in yelling at my parents and having breakdowns. a few were to do with school because i could not handle the pressure. i also have a foggy brain. probably because of sleep deprivation that happens sometimes due to staying up too late.lately i have been feeling really flat because i have developed low self esteem and the thoughts, i hate my life or why do i exist? have been popping into my head, and they are enough to make me cry. every single day. on top of the possibility of having adhd, life is scary. every little setback makes me cry. i cry more than the average person. rejection hits me incredibly hard a friendship breakup and bullying at the beginning of my teens turned me into a nonfunctional human being and i never understood how people can get over that shit so easily. it took me at least a year to fully get over it and forgive the other people for their shit in my head. i mean, i did have no support during that time so i guess it is understandable. i am weak and not very resilient anymore. it is like i am a shrivelled plant and i want to give up. i feel like i do not have adhd and i am just lazy and depressed, and i am trying to give myself an excuse for not trying hard enough. maybe it is mild or sub threshold, but still there. who knows. i cannot cope anymore. i have no coping skills whatsoever except numbing the pain with music only to find it resurfaces later. it is not problem focused coping. i also have no hobbies. i cannot stick to anything. maybe because i do not achieve mastery or a good standard in a short amount of time?i feel like the last time i really lived my life was when i was a child, happy and using my imagination. since teenagehood , my life has been a downhill spiral, and although i have got a wonderful and supportive bunch of friends and family, and i have so many opportunities, i have still turned out like this. tl dr feeling incredibly low and hopeless, anxious about school, possibly dealing with adhd symptoms and it has been on my mind for a while, which is causing me to feel worse. executive dysfunction, anxiety, and depression
once i 24m graduated college, i had a wonderful opportunity to move to the west coast. i have been here for two years, and i have had people bully me to no end since day one.when i first moved here, i adopted a kitten. the landlord did not mind, and the roommate always spent time with him. like a cat does, he would play with his own poop and meow at night for attention. that roommate moved out for her own reasons after a month we moved in at the same time , and a couple in their 40s moved in. these roommates knew i had the cat when they moved in, and were even nice enough to feed him while i went camping for a week with work. a few weeks after my trip, the girlfriend of the couple went ballistic and kicked my cat across the house because he was meowing for attention. i called animal control, certain they would do something. well, the roommates called them as well and claimed my cat bit them. my cat was taken away, and put down he was three months old . i was in the process of buying a house, so i stayed with my boss for two weeks. i moved into my house two weeks after. i adopted two more cats.as homeownership goes, minor repairs came up, but i had a home warranty and did not have to worry.a few months go by, and here comes covid. due to the economic impacts, my employer a private school sold lawn signs. i purchased one, and placed it in my yard. well, i guess my neighbor did not like that, so he runs over the sign and crashes into my house i have the video . luckily, the damage was negligible, but that also meant the police would not come out to take a report. get used to that the police here do not come . sigh.a few more months go by, and i still have yet to make any solid connections here besides my school community. i meet this girl on tinder, and we go to a nearby tourist spot. it was busy so we decided to call it after a few minutes. on the way back, a motorcycle tried to pass over the double yellow and i did not see him so i was speeding up to close the gap with the car in front of me. he got very upset, and kept blocking traffic and tried to get me to hit him. the girl i was with is deathly afraid of police, but in the moment i forgot and called 911. they said it was not important enough for them to respond and they told me to drive to the police station, 20 minutes away. i try to escape onto a cross street, but the biker followed me and tried to run me off the road. he failed, so he kicked in my mirror. i was obviously panicked, freaking out in the car, and the girl blocked me. sigh.today, i was walking my dog like i normal ly do. i round the corner and i am moments walk from my house, and my neighbor is outside with his young daughters and his bull terrier this terrier is never taken for a walk, and is notoriously unfriendly. to avoid the dog and the daughters, i walk into the street. the terrier runs into the street and bites me, so my dog throws him to the ground and i go down too. the neighbor untangled the leashes as i got up. i start to continue on my way, and i was not going to think anything of it because hes a cool dude or so i thought . he starts to blame me, asking me why i did not go further into the street, and then calls me a child molester. he continues as i stand and listen. he stops and i walk away, then he continues. he says hes going to make me move out of my house. animal control says my bite does not actually look like a bite, so they will not do anything. the police said it was not important enough for them to come. sigh.there are more stories, but i am not able to remember them at the moment. i have never had a support system here, and i lost my job because my mental health got so bad that i was being abrasive towards my bosses. i learned my lesson, and i am not saying it is an excuse, but i think if i had a support system here, the load would feel lighter. i have struggled with depression for as long as i can remember, but it was in this town that i called the national suicide helpline. i have not called them since, though. i am moving back east tuesday. it cannot come soon enough. why do bad things happen for no reason?
not sure about what to do with my life. for the past 4 years i've 18m struggled with depression, i guess it started with the very turbulent divorce of my parents a violent fuckfest when i was 14yo in 2019, it was at that time that i started doing drugs such as mdma, lsd and cocaine, however i'd say my drug consumption really started as young as 12 given that i would abuse my adhd medication ritalin by snorting it. later down that year i had some pretty shitty moments with my mother physical violence as my father abandoned us to go live in another country for half the year, when he came back, they found out about my drug usage, which again ended up in physical abuse and the over infantilization of a 15 yo boy who never had any freedom or power in his life, my parents started walking me to school it was 2 blocks away from home lmao , once they even punched me infront of my classmates and threatened some random boy about beating him up because they confused him with someone i smoked weed with. at the end of that year they sent me to love with my grandma in another country. there i was, all alone in a country that was foreign to me although i was born there, i had family of course, but i can't really be myself around my family, the year was 2020 and i was just starting classes again when the pandemic hit, it was at that point when i abandoned my studies for the first time, tbh i didn't suffer through covid because i lived with my cousin and we played videogames all day, but i ended up drinking a ton of alcohol in secret again, sniffing gas from the stove, stealing pills from my grandma, because i was desperate, life felt like it physically weighted on me, i stopped eating because sadness did not allow me to, i started getting weaker and weaker untill 10onths later my mother picked me up and we returned to tje country i was raised in. it did not get better for a long time. my mother did not trust me at all and didn't allow me to go outside i was 16 at the time , she even hid the keys from me. as i realized that she would never trust me again i said fuck it and started smoking weed again, yadda yadda i start studying again and pass the year yay , but still, i was a 17yo boy who isolated himself for 2 years and didn't talk irl to anyone that wasn't family, i developed a serious internet addiction due to it. in 2022 stuff got slightly better, but not really, during summer break i met a girl 26yo online, and we start talking, we like each other, the first time i left my house in years for something that wasn't school was to meet her, which i did, at the cemetery, i was 17. later in that year i get into an altercation with my mother and she beats me again and kicked me out of her house, after that i live with my father for a couple weeks before she decided to ask me to come back home again she never said sorry , i get even more depressive to the point i abandon my studies again. then i become 18 years old, and this 26yo girl i talked about before asks to unvirgin me to which i said yes , she invited me to her brother's bday party. when everyone went to sleep, we were in bed together, i was sleepy and high, and she was drunk and coked tf up, we had a very awkward kiss, i then say that i forgot to bring condoms and she mounts me anyway before i could say anything. after that shitty experience we become a couple, my first girlfriend ever yay. fuck it was a rollercoaster of shit, she was abusive, she offered me coke after i was clean for 3 years, she insulted me and said i was only useful for sex, she even slapped me a couple of times. why does everyone abuses me? now, 2023, i have my first job, but i still struggle with my weight, which makes me very self aware of how weak and small i am.. i feel ugly, i feel emasculated. now i have to study again and i just can't keep up with study and work my work shift goes from 4am to 12pm, and my classes go from 6pm to 12am i just want to give up, i feel like i don't deserve anything, i just want to sleep and sleep and wake up when everything's allright. sorry i don't know why i wrote this, sorry for the english.
why do i feel off numb i had gone through a lot in the past 2 years, facing a horrible dispute with my parents mom,stepdad,and dad and being thrown into a mental hospital after a school got scared of me. my parents destroyed my relationship with my ex and my social life, making me mentally snap or something. afterwards, then figuring my dad had manipulated me and ridding of him from my life. i took lots of drugs i wasn t supposed to take after everything that had happened and nothing afterwards has been the same. i had realized i no longer was happy about the things that made me happy, rather emotionless. this occurred after me getting out of the mental hospital , furthering getting worse after a cycle of rad 140 with mk677 and a benadryl overdose of 1200mg in the span of two days. i have a new relationship, life, no more problems it seems like, but i feel no joy and no happiness towards my daily actions and accomplishments as well as interactions with other people. i go through my day seeing my current girlfriend and friends or getting something done but never feel completed, like i did something but forgot cause i just did it to do something. i also recognized how much i had dissociated, it felt like all i think about is the wrong and past because it s what i can t fix that was clearly my fault at some times. i think too much about what people have done to me, making me stay away and never invite people over. i often blur out and feel as if i m in my own world where nothing exist for seconds up to hours, even sometimes forgetting who was talking to me or what i was doing. i feel insane, i have extremely bad mood swings. no i never was diagnosed with any sort of mood disorder, but i was on abilify because of alleged homicidal ideations. i have extreme anger, enough to cause myself and others harm. i do not have any explanation to why i have these feelings and want an explanation. i have cut myself before because of the anger towards myself and others and don t want to be in the same place. i have had unexplained episodes before that felt descriptive to being manic episodes but never fully closed to be, just because they said it was the mood stabilizers that caused it. the last time i felt homicidal ideations was unintentional and was two weeks ago. i started to stop caring about everything. problems i had, my grades, my girlfriend, my ex, my goldfish and my dog it didn t matter. every problem was the same because i felt as if nothing could feel as close as painful as the things i heard and saw from the past 2 years specially and even further in the past with trauma. i would be in near death situations even with drugs with almost dying from multiple overdoses, with the worst being benadryl. i miraculously have woken up every time just glad i had experienced something out of worldly and disconnected more than actually caring that i almost died. the benadryl overdose itself, actually made this affect worse. after two weeks and a half of recovery from it, i felt so disassociated and had no feelings towards anything in a bad or negative way similar to what i was talking about earlier but worse, making me stop caring about everything. somewhat it wasn t the worst, considering the days that would viewed the worst by others was just another day for me just like the rest. random thoughts of apologizing, being empathetic, but then being hateful and sad and homicidal. also sort of like mood swings, it s just an array of unexplained thoughts that never get told to the people i m thinking about or anyone actually. and example of this goes as such, i will feel happy i had feelings towards someone and remember what they ve done but then feel extreme opposite feeling such as pain,anger,fear,sadness, and homicidal ideations. i had these feelings and still do as they can happen anywhere, i ve had them for years in fact. do they mean anything? thank you for your time and efforts of reading my post. if you have any explanation to why these things and happening and what they are, feel free to comment whatever you d like to.
in the past year i got raped by a friend i trusted deeply i lost my job to covid my grandmother who i loved more than anyone passed my best friend completely ghosted me found out i have a chronic disease i can never have my own biological child i thought a these thing were happening that i would eventually be able to move past them that maybe they weren t such big deal and i really wa being too sensitive like my parent love to tell me i m an adult and i most definitely can t afford to move out i can barely afford to pay the 00 a month rent my parent charge me i live in the same room i ve lived in since i wa born i just pay for it now with money i wa saving for a car so i don t have a car i don t have my license cause my parent won t let me drive their car so i ve never practiced i don t have a single friend i had two but if you read the beginning yea i ve been homeschooled since the start of high school so i don t have anyone to fall back on except for family my grandmother wa the only one who really sympathized with me and i spent the past two year taking care of her pretty much full time she wa 9 and mentally and physically declining it killed me to watch the woman who raised me wither away i felt like i lost my only purpose when she passed away and i constantly blame myself for not being there when she died she had a heart attack and the coroner told me i couldn t have helped even if i wa right beside her but i m eaten alive with guilt i m still grieving but i need money to live i interviewed and got a job at a place i wanted to work i wa dreading it though because i knew my only way to get there is my parent my dad begrudgingly take me even though i don t know how he expects me to pay his rent if i can t have a job he constantly complains about having to take me there and back which is at the most minute of driving yet he won t aid me in getting a license and is draining my saving from my old job by charging me rent and now my current job is slashing my hour i went from 0 hour a week to what the fuck and they now expect me to do double the work on a single shift for 9 an hour i thought thing were looking up when i first got that job but now it s just shit i m not making any money or progress in life i m dependent on my family and im sick and tired of it i don t feel like an adult at all and frankly i don t want to be why would i want to live the next sixty year to pay tax work and be miserable there s nothing worth pursuing at the cost of prolonging a life of suffering i m traumatized from being raped i ve never told anyone irl and i think i m asexual because of it now thinking about anything intimate make me physically sick i never want to be in a relationship what s the point if i can t have kid anyways nobody would want me all i really want is a friend or two people to talk with and share hobby but i can t drive myself anywhere so i m kinda unable to even attempt to make connection with people and i ve noticed pretty much everyone my age is only interested in hook ups or relationship my old best friend of year completely ghosted me after she got a boyfriend i wanted to know what it wa like to have a boyfriend and my first kiss but it wa forcefully stolen from me i wanted to master an instrument and another language i wanted to keep seeing cool new game and anime come out i wanted to try food from around the world i wanted to see the northern light dance i wanted to see sakura season i wanted to see crystal clear ocean water i wanted to spread my wing and be able to just live normally but it just wasn t meant to be for me well i accidentally turned this into a long rant but basically i m giving up i see no point in living tomorrow will be my last day i made plan with my older sister to go to a movie and dinner so it ll be a good day at least i wa gon na shoot myself but i figured an overdose will be le painful for my parent to come across i m not sure exactly what i believe in but maybe life will be better next time my heart hurt for anyone feeling the same way i do it s hard thank you for reading
i think i ve slept three full hour in the past it s not that i don t try to sleep or want to i do and so badly i m so exhausted right now i m crammed into a toddler bed cuddling my kid even laying here all i can think about is whether or not she wouldn t be better off with a different mother and i know i d never do that to her i never would or could she didn t ask to be in this world and i have no right to leave her in it especially with that kind of burden so why doe the thought keep whispering itself in the forefront of my mind even when i ve slept well why the fuck do i feel so terrible a if i ve been kicked in the stomach to the point of puking i feel like a failure in everything am i really at the point where i m supposed to celebrate my own mediocrity after accomplishing simple task that i m supposed to do should i be applauding myself for getting out of bed next i left my job to stay home with my kid just a month before the pandemic wa acknowledged no one could or did come to see me but i realized that even without the pandemic nobody really would have been there anyway she wa five month old then and in that time period nobody really wa there they didn t call didn t video chat didn t really ask how thing were or how i wa i wa crushed before the pandemic our event were cancelled i couldn t see my friend most of them i still haven t seen two year later we don t really talk either there s only one person outside of my immediate family that i ve called in month and it sting a few month ago we moved out of state and out here we have no friend no family i ve tried making friend over the internet especially through pursuing my roleplaying hobby but it feel like i keep fucking up trying to keep my emotion and attachment in check but inevitably i think my loneliness just bleeds through or i let myself open up too much and just fuck it up my emotion my entire self might a well be sodden playdoh i m desperate to keep it formed into what it should be what it i used to be but before long i m trying too hard to keep it in shape and it s left in a flattened half soggy mess of garbage every night i curl up in bed and have my stupid fucking brain remind me of how garbage i am of all the mistake i ve made and maybe i really would be better off just giving it up telling me there s no point to keep bothering others with my i don t know existence i guess mistake logically i know that s part of my problem it always ha been really i tried to keep everything together so other people wouldn t know what wa happening to me back then i had to take care of it and handle it on my own i have to be able to do everything and when i can t i feel worthless like a waste what am i even doing that someone else couldn t take the rein on and do better i ve been replaced plenty of time even my husband wa searching on grindr and posting on craigslist listing ad that included the fact that he wa married sending picture text telling me it wa my fault after i found out i m somehow to blame for it i haven t told anyone that typing it out feel slimey like three day old used dishwater it s another thing i have to handle myself because i could never actually admit to someone else that it happened just like i couldn t admit to anyone i know about what my ex did to me what happened when i wa a kid i told one person a therapist in honesty what happened and i remember her saying that if i kept being angry about it then i d turn out like that person who say that to an eight year old anytime i ve brought it up since then it wa never to admit how it s part of what still keep me awake over two decade later stupid electric meatball in my skull trying to convince me it matter trying to convince me i m going to keep going downhill and should just get ahead on what s inevitable anyway people can and would move on and maybe it d be better i wish it d stop with this shit my daughter said today that she love me i have to be doing something right don t i i don t know what to do to fix this i m just screaming into the void right now i want to sleep
thank you to the moderators of r depression for allowing me to post here! i am part of a team of researchers at new york state psychiatric institute columbia university who are currently recruiting participants for a research study looking at an investigational treatment for self injury called transcranial direct current stimulation, or tdcs. tdcs is a non invasive, well tolerated form of brain stimulation that delivers a low current to a specific area of the brain using electrodes. research has shown that tdcs can help reduce negative emotions and may help treat depression and other conditions.we are seeking individuals between the ages of 18 65 who self injure through burning, cutting, or other means . eligible participants should be staying living within 60 minutes travel distance of manhattan new york, ny, usa to participate. the study involves completing a baseline psychological assessment, questionnaires and twelve sessions of tdcs during six visits over two weeks. this is a double blind trial, so you may be randomly assigned to receive an active or an inactive form of tdcs. all research procedures can be done from your own homeno in person visits are required.three months of treatment visits with a psychiatrist for medication management will then be offered after at no cost to you. compensation of 150 is provided for time and effort if you are eligible and complete all research procedures.the researchers on this team have no conflicts of interest to declare. all study procedures have been approved by the institutional review board for new york state psychiatric institute.some details about confidentiality and the use of your personal information if you consent to participate in this research, your personal information will be kept confidential and will not be released without your written permission except as described in this section or as required by law. your name or other identifying information will not be made known if the results of this study are published for scientific purposes. to make your personal research results not identifiable with you if they are used for publication in the scientific literature and presentation at scientific meetings, we will remove all your identifying information, including name and date of birth. questionnaire answers and data collected during the task may be used in future studies, and if shared with other investigators, information that identifies the scan, questionnaire responses, or task data with you will be removed beforehand. there is a potential risk of loss of confidentiality from such data sharing, but this is extremely low as only de identified data from this study may be shared. clinical records, including your name and other personal identifying information, and research data will be kept in secure storage at the new york state psychiatric institute. information in paper format will be kept in locked files. electronic data will be protected by a firewall programming that makes it virtually impossible to access the data from outside the new york state psychiatric institute and by restricting access within the new york state psychiatric institute through use of a password known only to authorized personnel. if information is transmitted electronically, it will be encrypted so that your identifying information remains confidential records will be available to research staff, and to federal, state, and institutional regulatory personnel who may review records as part of routine audits . your information will also be available to other authorized individuals, including those at the new york state psychiatric institute. there are also legal advocacy organizations that have the authority under new york state law to have access to otherwise confidential subject records, although they cannot disclose this information without your consent. if you are interested, please contact ashley at 646 774 7529, or at ashley.yttredahl nyspi.columbia.edu. more information is also available at you for your time! treating self injury through research study
i do not know how to express my thoughts and feelings without feeling like an idiot, i have programmed myself to never feel externally as a means of survival, i have a solid exterior but inside i am torn to pieces.during my childhood, i constantly moved around, going to different schools, cities, i was never able to settle because my mother is a hardcore alcoholic, running from any responsibility.i used to come back from primary school and walk in on my mother passed out. i used to sit and entertain myself for hours in a silent, life less home.i used to worry about bills, electricity and food before i would even hit my teenage years. i had to walk my mother to the shop, whilst she leant her entire weight upon my shoulder, we would stagger there, day or night just so she could get her drink.when i went to school, i could not relate to the other kids, i could not laugh with them, i did not watch the same programs or like the same things, i did not have any siblings, a father, i had no guidance.during my teens, i used to jump into relationships with girls, but i was never stable enough to hold it down. i would go to school and fight the other kids, distract them in class. i was full of anger and resentment. i did not feel understood, my teachers called me names, made an example out of what not to be. i was the disruptive naughty kid. i was given detentions, put on report, constantly punished.i would come home to the same cycle, my mother passed out, or mentally checked out. her pupils would change when she was drunk, i would know my mother was gone.now i am 22 years old, still living with my mother, stuck in a shit hole city. i somehow managed to get a degree, determined to fight against the hand i would been dealt.i have been through waves of acceptance, anger, depression. it never truly goes away.my mother stopped drinking, supposedly found spirituality and detached from her ego. i thought she was healing, i was so proud of her and for once my home started to feel safe...i told her i think i aced a job interview today.. she started telling me all of the negatives. the areas not safe, people there will hurt you. you will not like it it will be boring. you are bad at maths, you will not be able to do it. i have a solid exterior, i am a fully grown man now, i am tall, broad, the one thing my father gave me was good genes. i am capable, i am strong, intelligent. i have held down jobs in the past, i was a manager before i went to university.tonight i ask her to not be so negative, i ask her why she cannot just be happy and support me for trying to better my life.. she tells me that she has done her 18 years of service to me. she says i am holding onto the energy of the past, that it is time to move on.. she tells me i should leave the house if i hate her so much.. she tells me i am selfish, a narc, that i hold her past i have her head out of spite..i am sitting here feeling pain, i feel alone, there is nobody in this world who truly has my back but me, there is nobody to pull me out of the gutter when i am in need.. there is nobody there who will truly help me..i feel so jealous of people who were raised in a loving environment. i watch people i went to school with living life, driving, living independently.. here i am, barely able to make enough to pay off my debts, let alone save enough to leave.. the rent in my city is insane.i tried supported housing for 6 months, but living around a house full of people with hardcore drug issues made me feel like i was still at home.. people trying to come into my room.. dirt and grime everywhere outside of my door.. shit on the sink in the shared bathroom..everything is so hard. i am struggling to keep fighting. i cannot tell anyone how i feel in real life, i am supposed to be this big, impenetrable guy who people can rely on..when i try to speak to people, nobody takes. it seriously.how much more can i take? when will life cut me a break? i just want to be happy, i just want to be independent, away from damaged, crazy people.. 22m narc alcoholic parent
stuck in my own head recently so i just think and i think and i think. just end up talking to myself about myself for hours, days even. one of the thoughts i had tonight was a theory about why i feel the need to do certain things.i have struggled with certain addictions in the past. i put that in quotes because i do not know if some of them were are actual addictions or if i have just been conditioned to think that in before some days something about the first step is admitting it blah blah blah, i get it, this is probably what an actual addict would claim . my self harming i would say was probably an addiction from what i can tell. my alcoholism, on the other hand, i do not know if that was an addiction. the only real friend i have ever had was the one who encouraged me to stop drinking after she found out about my suicide attempt where i drank a full bottle of bourbon, cut myself all up my arm and took a box of sleeping pills. i never meant to tell her but she heard about it it the next day through some crazy circumstances long story and we talked about it a little bit and she told me she wanted me to stop drinking, for good reason obviously. but that is why i am not sure if id say i was addicted to alcohol, i did drink a fair bit and this was not the first night id polished off a whole bottle by myself but i think the main reason i view it as a possible addiction is because she asked me to stop. but most of the time its pretty easy to not drink.but anyway, all that aside i am starting to notice that my addictions or whatever you want to call them hard the hardest to resist when i am thinking about having these kind of movie moments. its kind of hard to explain but its like i just think about the emotional state i am in or some event that is triggered me and i sometimes picture myself in a sort of movie scene, something id imagine you would see if a main character went through what i just did and its the scene that shows them processing that or whatever. an example would be in the show lucifer, when lucifer is sitting on the beach smoking with his wings on the ground behind him. or any time bojack goes on a bender in bojack horseman, scenes like that. its like the only way i know how to process my emotions is by creating one of these moments for myself in real life. i have to put on some music and sit on a beach at night, with a glass of whiskey in my hand, or go to a club and get lost in a drug fuelled montage, or stand on the roof of a high rise in the middle of the city and smoke. i do not know why this is.but the urge to create these moments for myself is the main thing that pushes me to want to drink or smoke or do drugs or self harm. there are just some settings or some feeling that feel wrong without the accompanying vice. even things like the type of alcohol changes, sometimes a straight glass of whiskey, neat. sometimes its beer. sometimes its vodka straight from the bottle. other times its cocktails. i do not have a preference of my own, only what fits the moment i feel like i need to have.i do not know why i do this. i have thought maybe its because i want people to see me a certain way, and maybe it is to some extent, but almost every time i do it i am alone. although i guess in the movies they always start alone and sometimes somebody will walk up to them. i do not know what to do with this information, i do not know if its better for me to ignore these urges to create the hollywood moments even though, sometimes they actually make me feel a little better and nothing else helps with that, or if i should give into them when they happen, take it as a sign that i need to process and allow myself to break my sober streak. hell, i do not even know why i have still got a sober streak, the only people that cared about me getting clean are gone now. guess its just force of habit at this point. anyways, do not know why i decided to post about this but its something i noticed and thought was weird. a theory about why i get some of the impulses i get
no joy or motivation for almost all my life hello i dont know whats wrong with me. nothing in life is fun, brings me joy or motivates me. all i wish is to lie in bed all day and stare at the wall. i opened this thread because lately i have more and more thoughts like whats the point of this? why do this another 60years? and after another successful ski weekend with family i just prefered to stay in bed after skiing for 10min. amp x200b its not something that just started to happen a few weeks ago. it follows me since childhood i would say. nothing ever motivated or brought me joy me except computer games as kid but not even games nowadays bring me joy at all. somehow i got through all schools till university without doing anything and missing about 20 of classes. even in university my motvation is still equal 0 and thus i am still stuck in bachelor after 6years.i write exams from time to time because i guess thats something you have to do in life but my motivation is negativ. but when ifind a tiny bit of motivation to write an exam, i usually write very good grades while not attended 1 class at uni over all these years but they dont make me happy nor motivate me for more. but its definitely not the issue with the chosen path. i tried different part time jobs like char mech, hotelero ? , sales not retail , vet or logistics. zero motivation for any of it. it always started fine while i kept up my mask but usually after few weeks i couldn't find motivation to stand up anymore and quit. but also here they usually were happy with me and few even called me year later to help out again during summer holiday etc. i dont find any sports enjoyable. handball,unihockey,ski,sailing,boxing,... tried and tried nothing lasted over a month, except gym once because i thought all my problems are because of my physical appearance. not even this gave me any motivation even though after intensive few months i got way more attention from women, people treated me better and so on. a normal human would be so happy with this change, for me it was whatever lets go back to bed! amp x200b this no motivation follows me everywhere! i had a few romances including two longer relationships which lasted 1years and 2years with very beautiful amp great character women. but the same problem again no motivation. obviously i fucked up and they eventually left because i had no motviation to put any effort in. i have great friends since childhood. even now almost towards 30y they still meet multiple times per month and go on holiday 1 3 times year since we are 18. even here no motivation i usually join the holiday once a year but this is like enough. it is just not fun to me to hang out. no they are very good people, alone for the fact they still ask me out even tho i go deep sea most of the year. i just dont want to deal with any humans i guess. kinda same with my family. i could call them any time and the financials are covered by my father. i just dont want to be alone. what i tried so far 3x different therapist, ambulant weekly session gt completley useless. i lose motivation to go there after few times and dont feel i achieved anything ever from talking medicaments gt worst decision ever. while it completley killed all my thoughts which i enjoyed i had even less motivation to leave my bed and the sweating side effects made it even worse. what a wasted year until i found the motivation to contact someone and say what happened. clinic gt after 1 week i just wanted to leave and this stayed with me for the remaining 2months. felt like a waste of time i had 0 motivation and every morning to stand up was a fight with my inner self. amp x200b tldr no motivation or joy in life since childhood for anything. literally 0 and i just wonder whats the point to live another 60 years laying in bed? good grades? hot gf? amazing friends? good looking? nothing brings joy amp x200b no im not suicidal i just wonder am i missing something? anyone in a simillar situation found a solution?
i was diagnosed with severe chronic depression at a young age. since then, my illness has morphed into an unmanageable mess. schizophrenia, paranoia and bpd are things i now live with and it is absolutely hell. i am 28 now. the road here has been destroyed and the bridges to other outlets have been burned and pissed on by yours truly. i have not had a proper conversation with someone in almost 2 years. i do not know how to communicate anymore. if i say anything to anyone, i am not sure if what i am saying means anything anymore. everyday i tell myself i am worthless. i am stupid. nothing. waste. it is hilarious because i do this to calm myself down when i get to emotional. i have zero self esteem. it just left one day. perpetually, i keep myself from feeling any form of positive attitude towards myself, others and things i once held as good in my life. i do not understand. if i can, i distract myself with noise. music, video games, fans, my leaking faucet and internal. without these things i hear the bullshit. the people. the talking. the laughing. the eyes. i hate it. i fucking hate it so much. it makes me want to cry just thinking about it. they cannot be real. none of it could be. the world's not out to get me. that cannot possibly be the case. that is stupid. but for some reason, me thinking is not enough. why? why not? take the medicine. it will make the pain go away. oops! wrong medicine! try another. oops! what about this one? feel better? worse? hmm it is been a couple of months now. this forth medication should have started working. are you actually taking it? yes? well, oops! let us try again shall we? what do you mean you do not want anymore medication?! it is the only thing that can make you feel better! look, i know that you feel taking meds is pointless but it is not! some people's brains just do not behave normal ly. it is normal . you just have to take meds the rest of your life to be able to go outside and be a normal , happy person. do not you want that? sorry to see you go. call if you would like to come back and try again. what are you going to do now? everyday it is something new but the same old thing. i try to fill my life with material things to fill the space inside of me that something left behind. the problem is, i do not know what it was. and because of that i cannot find the proper thing to replace it. it cannot be just anything. it has to be a replica of what i lost. i have tried finding it but everything and everyone does not fit. it makes me wonder if i am lost and that piece of me is on the hunt. an issue comes up though. i am hiding. i have buried myself so far out of reach from anything real. that thing will never find me. i do not want to be found. i am scared. i do not want it to come back. i do not know. i do not know anything anymore. what is the point of having friends if i am not pleasant to be around? what is the point of leaving my apartment if i cannot enjoy being outside? why care so much about what other people think of me if i think so negatively about myself? why try? i have never done anything, worth anything, in 28 years. i have never put myself into anything 100 . never. i have never tried to complete anything in life. i give up. that is what i am good at. giving up. all the things i have done. all the people i have hurt. all the potential i have wasted. all the doors that i have slammed, viciously, in opportunities face. all the emotions i have drowned. all the delusions i suffer. the one person i should have cared most about in this world has given up on me. me. i gave up on me. i am tired. this is the most tired i have been in ages. i feel like i have lived a thousand life times and died a thousand more. i am not who i once was. i am a completely different person. i do not know who i am. i do not think i ever will. i have so much to think about and i do not know how to say the things i feel. i am finished. even though i understand i am ill, i do not. understand?
0 wa a rough year for me even on new year s eve i woke up headbutting a brickwall in bed a lot of thing happen to me and around me in a short amount of time that i developed chronic anxiety i study mechanical engineering for a math project among other projecta i had to make a youtube channel i wa sick for week with bronchitis and i had to skip class for my health i had a severe spasm on my back and the morning am before my final exam i wa woken up to be informed that my older sibling wa in icu due to gangster attacking him on thing i forgot to mention is that the engineering course that i m doing wa fazing out so if i fail too many time i have to start everythin all over again on the new curriculum after my exam i wa burned out and my body couldn t relax and i went to a massage parlour to treat the spasm it wa a painful experience and with a woman first time touching me like that week later my body wa just slowly going into shock that i would be paralysed and my sibling had to carry me when i wa at home i probably had a panic attack a well anyway i wa 0 when that happened i m cm and weigh kg my psychiatrist prescribed me 0mg of clobazam in total for morning afternoon and evening and i realised my sex drive wa diminished i wasn t to happy about that so a long time probably month after i started i tried to taper my dose but i did it too quickly got withdrawal symptom and wa put on indoblok for the withdrawal the nightmare wa a blast after a while week i think i could stop on the indoblok and just run on the mg of clobazam and my libido returned a bit but not a before also a a side note a struggle to gain weight so i went to get help with that but i stopped doing that a it got expensive heaviest i ve been on the diet plan wa kg by eating diet alone anyway i started seeing a psychologist that my psychiatrist recommended to me to help figure out how mild my higher functioning autism is but he mainly helped me with my anxiety and ocd we mainly talk now and i did speak with them with topic that made me blush and embarrassed then 0 0 happened i got sick in 0 badly luckily not icu badly on a side note prior the massive shock i went in i wa quite comfortable speaking in front of 0 people and making an as out of myself so long story short i currently weigh 9 kg i m cm in length cm for the win and i m now i m doing my internship to gain my qualification which is the last step i spoke with my psychiatrist that after online powerpoint presentation i want to try to reduce my dose to 0mg a i developed a go with the flow and if it happens it happens type of attitude also i m on other medication so i would like to reduce cost i asked my psychiatrist if it s a good idea to stop seeing my psychologist a we only talk about my problem my psychiatrist told me to still go a it help me vent my frustration i m not gon na lie it help and it s fun for me but i notice after i gained mass from covid my libido slightly increased a well also i went on my first date in my entire life the date had a lot more anxiety than i have mine wa non existent the reason why i want to stop my clobazam treatment is i think i have a significant improvement with my anxiety even my ocd ha improved i have a lot le to worry about regarding failing my engineering course a i m almost done i want to save more money i grew up here in south africa and a lot of terrible thing don t faze me anymore sometimes i find it quite funny i really want to see if it wa the clobazam that tanked my libido and i would like to gain it back please so what do you think after week with the presentation that s coming up i m gon na see how my anxiety is had some physical chest pressure but that wa due to issue at work which i had to resolve myself and after that i m gon na slowly reduce my clobazam to 0mg also did any of you who were on clobazam had an impact on your libido i wa impotent when i first started at 0mg but it s manageble at mg after the weight gain some slight improvement
i often hold myself back from doing the thing i want to do because i don t feel like i meet the bare minimum standard to have realistic prospect for success what should i do to overcome this for instance i would love to be able to have a job earn money and be self sufficient i lost three job over the course of three month from 0 0 and i wound up in a deep depression from which i ve been trying to crawl out of ever since i later realized that i have adhd pi which explains nearly every factor that contributed to my past underperformance i wa often late for work i called in sick when i couldn t get out of bed i wa slow at my job etc i didn t realize that the issue i had were outgrowth of executive dysfunction and once i realized i had adhd everything suddenly made sense i had always been told and in fact came to believe that i wa just lazy that my lack of success wa my attitude towards work and it wa a simple a that but no it s not actually so simple even so i feel like i need to be 00 confident that it s under control before i attempt to re enter the workforce here s why i view being hired for any job a a promise on your part when you accept a position you are implicitly agreeing that you will be consistently hard working focused and reliable by consistently i mean at least 99 of the time everyone ha the occasional bad day where they underperform but to be a good employee this need to be a rare occurrence no more than maybe once every six month or so at the absolute most you need to be on time you need to be consistently applying yourself to the extent where you re feeling exhausted by the day s end and you need to be making a sustained effort to be living up to and preferably exceeding the expectation that are set out for you by your employer in short you either make a full commitment or you don t in my opinion if you apply for a job and accept a position knowing full well that you re going to struggle with thing a basic a punctuality or worker engagement it is disingenuous for you to even send in an application in the first place another example at year old i have never gone out on a single actual date with a woman let alone anything beyond that it just feel futile for me to even ask a woman out i find it unrealistic to think that a woman would find me physically or romantically attractive i feel like in order to date someone you have to be their equal by most metric equally attractive equally successful etc at the very least you have to fulfill some basic criterion be employed full time have a driver s license own a car be adept at handling social situation take good care of your body and your appearance maintain a consistently clean and orderly living space etc similar to employment asking somebody out feel like yet another unspoken agreement in doing so you are effectively conveying that you have your life together are able to keep it together on a consistent basis for the foreseeable future and want to get to know them on an intimate level once again you either make a full commitment or you do not if you can t give it 00 on a consistent basis then don t waste their time there are other thing that hold me back from dating another factor is that i m terrified of inadvertently going about it in an inappropriate manner e g wrong place wrong time misreading signal and making her uncomfortable with my overture then there s the fact that i m asexual and probably wouldn t have a high enough libido to satisfy most woman on a frequent enough basis but the main reason is the fact that i don t think i am capable of making a full commitment in my mind it s all or nothing i guess the long and short of it is that i don t apply for work ask woman out or do much of anything with my life because i don t think i m good enough i m not worthy i doubt my capability a being on the same level a everyone else and i don t want to pretend like i am capable of maintaining the kind of commitment that most people are able to make
hi i hope you re alright erm i dont have anyone to talk to about my problem so that is what mainly lead me here i have been experiencing a very confusing and frustrating situation the past year well technically year i m 0 yr old so through hundred of small bit of information and realisation from family member teacher friend colleague and self reflection i have realised that i have some sort of mental disability my parent and family have tried to hide it from me my whole life but since about year old i have always known i wa different to other people but i just assumed it wa my personality i have suffered from anxiety my whole life and severe anxiety and depression since year old which no one know about not even my parent i have always wondered to myself why i wa so different to other people but i guess i never really thought that deep into it untill recently i went through an awful lot at the age i wa suicidal i used to self harm bad ptsd i d say i went crazy i wa just lost and confused so i guess you could say i experienced a life time in year so i defintely learnt alot and i came out a completley changed person for the best not worst which i am only seeing now i learnt to appreciate life family friend mental health and relationship while you have them i have always struggled to make friend i have been bullied on and off in school and i struggle to keep my existing friendship i struggle to talk to people i also had to go to speech therapy session and haven hand writing session outside of school everyone say im quiet which i am but i wish i wasn t i have so much i want to say and express i just really struggle doing it so so i dont get embarrassed i tend not to talk too much the past year i have realised that i have some sort of mental disability which ha been quite alot for me to take on especially on my own through alot of small thing like when my college teacher refused to tick the box on a form which stated i had no learning difficulty for 9 month staright well dom how about this let leave the box unticked for now and if at a later date you decide to open up about it we will tick it making feel like a fucking mental patient so i told my cousin about this and his response wa wait your parent haven t told you so i left his house immeditetly started driving home and broke down cry i eventually got the gut to ask my parent but their answer wa we got you tested when you were a kid but the doctor said it wa unconclusive then i told my friend about all of this and they all agreed that they think i have a disability s like aspergers autism adhd ocd which shocked me even more so then i started looking back through my life and alot started to fall together and make sense which wa extremely emotional for me then i found out that my uncle and cousin on my dad side have aspergers and that auntie amp cousin have aspergers and auntie ha dylexia on my mum side my mum and dad definitly have something too but no one will tell me this then made me realise that i am an extreme cocktail of this i have struggled my whole life but assumed it wa just me but the thing is i still dont know what i have and it making go crazy my family are hiding it from me i think i have aspergers but then again it could be adhd dylslexia something else autism i dont fucking know and i have no support off anyone i have no one to talk to and im going insane ive been feeling so lonely for year i really need a councincillor im ashamed and afraid to tell my parent about my depression anxiety and everything because i dont want them to start worrying about me it also alot for me to admit it not that easy for me i dont want my whole family knowing too so everything is locked up inside me then it come out in weekly or monthly burst where i just break down i am writing this at that time what would you recommend i do about this do you have any advice i would really appreciate it i would appreciate talking to anyone who want to share thing too thanks
i am 20. i do not understand why i am alive, to be honest. i do not have any intention of killing myself, but i find it hard to care about anything these days. and from what i can tell, life itself seems meaningless overall. not to be nihilistic or anything, but i genuinely see no reason to even keep going. most of the time, i do not feel anything besides meh. or i seem apathetic. i am content being alone, and i am the kind of person who is happy as long as i have any kind of something around me to entertain myself with. as it currently stands, my depression seems to have taken a nosedive. i have not showered in 3 days, because i do not feel like it. we also do not have any hot water, at the moment, and so if i do shower i have to do it in the stupidest way possible and i do not even feel clean afterwards. basically i was taught when this happens, boil water, mix it with some cool water, pour it in sink, and use a washcloth to wipe yourself down. stupid, and takes way more effort than a regular shower. and i do not feel like taking a cold shower. and i mean realistically, if i died tomorrow, nobody would notice for a long time. not even work because i work minimum wage, and they would just assume i would quit or something. my grandparents do not need me. my parents do not care where i am, or what i am doing, they are busy raising my siblings or getting high. it is been like that since i was a baby though. my grandparents would find my body, if i were to die, and probably be sad, but i feel like that is only because of the fact they raised me. they would actually benefit if i was gone, seeing as to how often they complain about how miserable their life currently is. how broke they are, ect. i feel like i do not really exist, except to make them happy, because i am always their emotional support child. they argue and yell all the time. just this morning, my grandpa decided to start an argument because my grandma grabbed the wrong bowl. she said she wished she had never left my aunts house she went to visit last week , and my grandpa said he wished she stayed too. then of course, she comes into my room crying, then she makes my favorite meal, then comes to announce that she made my favorite meal, and then let us herself into my room to make my bed. this stuff is her way of trying to make herself feel better, it is not out of genuine love i do not think. because if i am in a bad mood, and i do not immediately perk up, it must be her fault and she will start crying even more. there is no escape from the negativity. i have to fake my happiness, obviously, because her feelings depend on mine. i hate it, and there is no escape from the negativity.i mean, i found roommates that hopefully i will be moving out with soon. but even then, i am not sure life will get any better. because i am pathetic enough, that most people think there is something wrong with me and see me as a walking red flag. i am of course, poor as well, so you know, add that onto it. but i have been saving up my money. i just do not know what to do with any of it. i have been saying i want to go to college, but i have no idea what i want to do with my life. and i do not know why i would go to college yet, i do not want to waste my money on something i might never use or might not even like. there are a lot of people out there who view me as a loser, because i smoke weed, play video games, work, and am not in college. to add onto that, everyone acts like you should strive to better yourself but in my opinion, i am not sure what i should better about myself. or why. to make it so i am more tolerable to you? because if i do not see you putting in the same effort, why would i put in all the work so you can freeload? if that makes sense. i mean, i am just here to vent at the moment. but i am not really upset. or sad, even. i am not sure what i am feeling, but it is neither hopeless nor hopeful. i do not see a reason to keep going
tw talk about eating disorder further downhi, sorry for long post and bad formatting. i do not know who to ask this as i am on a long waiting list for a psychologist and have no one else to talk to.i have always had problems with breakfast, mostly because i have trouble waking up and am so tired that the thought of food makes me nauseous. before work i am currently on sick leave i used to force down a sandwich only because i know i faint easily. work also helped me maintain a somewhat proper meal schedule as i had designated lunch and snack breaks, and i always had an appetite right after work.now when i have been been home several months, eating is a massive problem. getting up earlier than 2pm is a huge but rare success but even if i do i just do not feel like eating for hours, despite feeling so hungry my stomach hurts and my head spins. i just do not crave anything and i try to drown the hunger with water and cigarettes and occasionally save myself from fainting by eating dextrose.this results in me lying around like a zombie for hours, not having the energy to do anything, until i feel too weak to make even a sandwich without having to sit down. basically, during daytime, i hate eating. i wish humans did not have to eat and could survive off water.but then in the evening, i often find the cravings wash over me. not only do i tend to eat unhealthy to begin with bc i do not have the energy to cook for example i often just have microwave food or frozen pizza , but at night while watching shows or playing games i feel some kind of need to have something. sometimes cigarettes and tea works, but often the cravings are too strong. it can be anything i have lying around, like crisps, chocolate, nuts, anything. sometimes it feels like a proper craving but sometimes it feels like i just have to occupy my hands and mouth. not giving into this often results in nail biting instead, or even worse pulling at my toenails until they bleed gross i know, but i physically cannot stop and have not been able to show my feet to anyone throughout my life . giving into the cravings on the other hand makes me feel disgusting, like a grotesque emotional meat machine that keeps eating just for the sake of eating. i feel disgusted by the warm feeling i got after eating those tasty donuts, like how i sometimes feel disgusted after spending money on some useless expensive shit i do not really need but that gave me happiness for one small moment. it makes me feel materialistic but like, with food, if that makes any sense.now i know the lack of food during the day probably is a big reason for the nocturnal cravings. but it is so hard forcing myself to eat when my appetite is not there, let alone cook proper meals. i am also very conscious about my body and feel like shit knowing that i have put on some weight in recent years, even though i know deep inside that no one cares about that and that weight should not define my attractiveness. but despite this, i have never had an ed. and despite having somewhat ed like thoughts about food, this feels like mainly a problem with appetite related to my depression and apathetic tendencies. i know that if i could just pull myself together, i could have somewhat healthy eating habits.my past therapist kept nagging me about meal planning but even when i am grocery shopping i cannot for the love of god come up with any ingredients to buy, despite being kind of good at cooking. hell, planning anything nowadays feels like climbing a mountain.does anyone have similar problems, like lack of appetite? how do you refrain from giving into cravings comfort eating? how do you manage your daily food intake when depression takes away most energy and enthusiasm to do anything at all? how do you deal with apathy, the kind that makes it hard to even walk from the couch to the bed? how do you keep afloat? because i am on the verge of drowning. no appetite during day, cravings at night
tired what is your reaction when people vent or tell their pathetic and sad life to you ? like for example they live in the street or whatever and they ask you what u would do if that was you and you re so weak that you re already laughing at how quickly you would ve kys in this situation ?? like you don t even do it on purpose but u laugh because your life is objectively so much less tragic but you re kinda like bro i could nevaaaaah bc i feel like this 100 of the time, i can t do the easiest thing ? like just go out and study for more than 2 months without encountering situations that just proves me i don t belong in this society world ? i m so so so tired but there s a fucking thing that just tolds me i don t deserve to die but i mean that s a lie, everyone deserves it, especially me idk what to do to not suffer and not kms ? i don t like anything anymore , i ve been thinking the same thing since i m 15, i don t have a passion, don t have a purpose, and i m fucking angry with everyone i m actually really jealous of people getting out of depression because that s what shows they re normal ppl that are getting sad when something v sad happens to them. it s not my case, i don t like this world and i don t wanna live in it. idk it makes me sick to see ppl wake up everyday to do things i will never ever want to do in my life.??? like wtf you obtain by watching sunsets and walking and just wake up everyday ? it s boring . there s no purpose wtf i m so pissed rn . sometimes i even picture myself in if i would have lived the same way as my parents and i know i would kill myself instantly. i don t picture myself to be happy, ever. i even have a boyfriend for 3 years now and i m even more sad. the only thing that makes my life a little better is drugs music porn alcohol and sex and since i have a boyfriend sex is so boring and even now that we are in a open relationship i don t even have the motivation to see people i used to live for flirting with guys before, i really had nothing else that made me feel good now idk i just feel like a depressive person going through a depression ?sometimes i can t even get out of bed to roll a joint bc i have no strength i dropped out of school a lot and i have nothing to offer to this word officially, bc unofficially i know i m smart, i know how to help people, i could have made myself useful but 1 ppl don t let me show them, bc i have no diplomas or anything to show them my worth 2 even tho ppl want me somewhere i end up burn out int and disappearing bc deep down i don t wanna live this life. period also i have a very strong sense of value and i find so fucking pathetic the fact that anyone can just think they re smart and could be useful while being actually just a loser all their life. as an example my boyfriend which is even dumber than me is always thinking he can be rich and can enter any school thanks to me he knows he set his expectations too high but he believes he can get rich af without knowing a single notion in finance or business courses ??? he doesn t even have a ged equivalent at 22 and their friends and even parents says thinking is not his specialty like wtf that s why i m also so mad at him, bc he s disposed to be a loser but unlike me he s happy like a fucking moron ??? idk that s just too much, now he wants to go live abroad. and guess what. that stupid moron never ever thought about that in his entire life so he doesn t know any other cultures or languages except our french and he still thinks he can get a job in a country like singapore canada switzerland the us ?????!!!! anyway he s a pure reflection of how much my life is a disaster. mentally he is the opposite of what i ve ever wanted and supported ? even politically he s just following the trends, he believes what anybody says as long as it s in a video . anyway i wanna die but i don t even hate him enough to do that to him. i feel pity for him but i m the one who s sad wtf
i am well aware that i fucked up my own life, albeit i did not realise that is what i was doing at the time. not until it was too late.fuck up one mental health. just... fuck, man, i do not even know how to fix this one. i am just a damn mess. everything overwhelms me, everything scares me, and i basically let fear win. i was bullied a lot in school, and had few friends, but i barely passed my gcses anyways, i got mostly cs. but then my friends all moved on and moved away, and i failed a levels because of anxiety. i was too stupid to understand what i was doing, too afraid to ask my teachers what to do, and too afraid to even make friends that could help me out. it got to the point where i was taking more and more sick days until i just stopped turning up, because the fear and the hopelessness won out. i gave up. and then i never did anything else. the longer i sat at home being afraid, the worse it got, and not i do not even know how to be a regular person. how to look, act, talk... i just panic. i give up before i try.fuck up two i believed love was going to save me. i had a boyfriend, from the age of 13 to 24, and i had convinced myself, and he had convinced me, that he was going to make it okay. he was normal , so he got a job, and started helping me with small goals, but he also enabled me and i let him. he promised wed get a place together and someday get married, and i could either look after the home, or find a job when i was ready. its pathetic, but it was easy and not scary, so i believed it. i let him spoil me, got used to him spoiling me, and believed one day it would just work out. that wed move in together and id gradually stop being scared, that doctors would one day fix me, but i had time because my boyfriend eventual husband would help. but then at 24 he left me, and i realised id put every single egg in one basket. i had no savings, no social life, and no happiness. he was my everything. and i broke hard when he left.fuck up three i gave up, and i let my family enable and coddle me, as i did with my ex. this is fucking shameful to admit... but i am 27 now and i live with my mum. i have never moved out, because i planned to live with my ex, and he always promised we would one day. he moved out of his parents house a year after we split. i have never gone to college or university, because i do not know what i have the skills to do. i have never had a job, because although it was because of my own failings, my mental health is so shit now that i go to interviews and burst into tears out of fear. my brain just shuts off. i do not know how to care for myself, because my mum does everything herself, both because its easier than teaching me and does not want another person getting in the way, and because she loves me and wants to make it easier for me. i know she has my best interest in heart, but it just makes me hate myself more because i am useless. i am a scared child in an adults body and i hate myself for it.i know i have to change. i know i want to change. but finding a start point is hard. fighting the bad days is hard. fighting the urge to give up on everything, even life, is hard. the shame makes it harder, but i know i need, deserve, the shame, in order to force me to change. i keep hoping getting on the right meds will help... but fighting the doctors to change or even up my meds is like wrestling a bear, and they never actually do anything. the anxiety, the overthinking, the hopelessness, its all still there. i worry that my brain is permenantly broken.maybe all i can do is change my life. but change costs money, and willpower, and i do not have much of either.all i know is, i am exactly the worst kind of person. the kind of person that is a waste of resources and money and time. i am sorry. i want to be better. i will try to be better. but i wish there was a guidebook for this.thank you for listening. i fucked up my life, and now i feel stuck.
i am well aware that i fucked up my own life, albeit i did not realise that is what i was doing at the time. not until it was too late.fuck up one mental health. just... fuck, man, i do not even know how to fix this one. i am just a damn mess. everything overwhelms me, everything scares me, and i basically let fear win. i was bullied a lot in school, and had few friends, but i barely passed my gcses anyways, i got mostly cs. but then my friends all moved on and moved away, and i failed a levels because of anxiety. i was too stupid to understand what i was doing, too afraid to ask my teachers what to do, and too afraid to even make friends that could help me out. it got to the point where i was taking more and more sick days until i just stopped turning up, because the fear and the hopelessness won out. i gave up. and then i never did anything else. the longer i sat at home being afraid, the worse it got, and not i do not even know how to be a regular person. how to look, act, talk... i just panic. i give up before i try.fuck up two i believed love was going to save me. i had a boyfriend, from the age of 13 to 24, and i had convinced myself, and he had convinced me, that he was going to make it okay. he was normal, so he got a job, and started helping me with small goals, but he also enabled me and i let him. he promised wed get a place together and someday get married, and i could either look after the home, or find a job when i was ready. its pathetic, but it was easy and not scary, so i believed it. i let him spoil me, got used to him spoiling me, and believed one day it would just work out. that wed move in together and id gradually stop being scared, that doctors would one day fix me, but i had time because my boyfriend eventual husband would help. but then at 24 he left me, and i realised id put every single egg in one basket. i had no savings, no social life, and no happiness. he was my everything. and i broke hard when he left.fuck up three i gave up, and i let my family enable and coddle me, as i did with my ex. this is fucking shameful to admit... but i am 27 now and i live with my mum. i have never moved out, because i planned to live with my ex, and he always promised we would one day. he moved out of his parents house a year after we split. i have never gone to college or university, because i do not know what i have the skills to do. i have never had a job, because although it was because of my own failings, my mental health is so shit now that i go to interviews and burst into tears out of fear. my brain just shuts off. i do not know how to care for myself, because my mum does everything herself, both because its easier than teaching me and does not want another person getting in the way, and because she loves me and wants to make it easier for me. i know she has my best interest in heart, but it just makes me hate myself more because i am useless. i am a scared child in an adults body and i hate myself for it.i know i have to change. i know i want to change. but finding a start point is hard. fighting the bad days is hard. fighting the urge to give up on everything, even life, is hard. the shame makes it harder, but i know i need, deserve, the shame, in order to force me to change. i keep hoping getting on the right meds will help... but fighting the doctors to change or even up my meds is like wrestling a bear, and they never actually do anything. the anxiety, the overthinking, the hopelessness, its all still there. i worry that my brain is permenantly broken.maybe all i can do is change my life. but change costs money, and willpower, and i do not have much of either.all i know is, i am exactly the worst kind of person. the kind of person that is a waste of resources and money and time. i am sorry. i want to be better. i will try to be better. but i wish there was a guidebook for this.thank you for listening. i fucked up my life, and now i feel stuck.
hi everyone and by the way i am sorry if i am making lots of mistakes while writing this because english is not my first language,so i would like to start by describing my current situation a little bit so i am a 27 year old men, i live in europe with my parents and i was able to find a full time job 2 months ago. and as long as i can remember i have always kind of struggled to interact with people in general, and i do not know if i have some kind of trauma because of that, but basically i could go to wherever place in the world and get the feeling that i am being rejected and judged by everyone and that i am not really welcome anywhere. teachers at school always repeated the same things about me he is so quiet he rarely ever talks he always seems distracted by he is thoughts when he is in class and other things.and it is weird because when i ask my parents about my childhood they are always saying that i was way more sociable than i am now as an adult, but i honestly do not ever remember being that way.anyways so basically i have never really had a close group of friends and i have never had a girlfriend either, which i really feel depressed and even suicidal sometimes about because it makes me feel like i am a failure and i have wasted the best years of my life and i feel like such a shit and loser almost everyday because of that.and so of course since i am living with parents, my mother in particular is kind of worried about me because she is scared that i will just end up being a loner for my whole life once she and my dad are dead. i have been also worrying about my state for years now, and i honestly do not see any solutions to it. just thinking about myself as a person disgust me so much, all of that wasted time and all those missed opportunities makes me so suicidal.i am so ashamed of myself for not even being able to interact and talk to people normal ly without overthinking, overanalizing everything and most of all sabotaging myself with different thoughts. pretty much all of my thoughts are about sabotaging myself i suck i am a loser i should just jump off a bridge or hang myself because i am such a fuking useless and pathetic piece of shit .and so i kind of just do the bare minimum i would say to function in society, only interacting at my workplace with coworkers when it is really needed, because i would rather avoid any interaction with anyone at all if that was possible, but unfortunately it is not. when i look into myself i really feel like a robot or an npc from a video game that is just giving the same responses over and over yes no and that is it, nothing more, just trying to make the damn conversation as short as possible because it is so stressful for me to handle.i m kind of angry at my parents for making so much remarks about me not having friends gf because i tried multiple times to explain to them what i was going through whenever i am interacting with people... but they just do not understand and i pretty much gave up on trying to explain it to them.and what is even worse is that a lot of people consider me to be a pretty handsome guy and some of them even assumed that i must have had lots of gf's hookups in my life, which is not true at all lol. so for me it is even worse because it feels like a lot of my potential is just completely wasted by this stupid anxiety.anyways i have made an appointment with another therapist to see if she could help me with this problem, but without sounding too pessimistic i really have very little hope that i am ever going to feel better. because i think to myself i have struggled with this almost my whole life and so how could just talking about it to someone even help me ? that is pretty much it i guess, i really hope you guys are doing okey and that you are not suffering too much from sa like i do.what do you guys think about all of this ? 27m mom just told me why do not you get yourself a girlfriend ?
hi everyone and by the way i am sorry if i am making lots of mistakes while writing this because english is not my first language,so i would like to start by describing my current situation a little bit so i am a 27 year old men, i live in europe with my parents and i was able to find a full time job 2 months ago. and as long as i can remember i have always kind of struggled to interact with people in general, and i do not know if i have some kind of trauma because of that, but basically i could go to wherever place in the world and get the feeling that i am being rejected and judged by everyone and that i am not really welcome anywhere. teachers at school always repeated the same things about me he is so quiet he rarely ever talks he always seems distracted by he is thoughts when he is in class and other things.and it is weird because when i ask my parents about my childhood they are always saying that i was way more sociable than i am now as an adult, but i honestly do not ever remember being that way.anyways so basically i have never really had a close group of friends and i have never had a girlfriend either, which i really feel depressed and even suicidal sometimes about because it makes me feel like i am a failure and i have wasted the best years of my life and i feel like such a shit and loser almost everyday because of that.and so of course since i am living with parents, my mother in particular is kind of worried about me because she is scared that i will just end up being a loner for my whole life once she and my dad are dead. i have been also worrying about my state for years now, and i honestly do not see any solutions to it. just thinking about myself as a person disgust me so much, all of that wasted time and all those missed opportunities makes me so suicidal.i am so ashamed of myself for not even being able to interact and talk to people normally without overthinking, overanalizing everything and most of all sabotaging myself with different thoughts. pretty much all of my thoughts are about sabotaging myself i suck i am a loser i should just jump off a bridge or hang myself because i am such a fuking useless and pathetic piece of shit .and so i kind of just do the bare minimum i would say to function in society, only interacting at my workplace with coworkers when it is really needed, because i would rather avoid any interaction with anyone at all if that was possible, but unfortunately it is not. when i look into myself i really feel like a robot or an npc from a video game that is just giving the same responses over and over yes no and that is it, nothing more, just trying to make the damn conversation as short as possible because it is so stressful for me to handle.i m kind of angry at my parents for making so much remarks about me not having friends gf because i tried multiple times to explain to them what i was going through whenever i am interacting with people... but they just do not understand and i pretty much gave up on trying to explain it to them.and what is even worse is that a lot of people consider me to be a pretty handsome guy and some of them even assumed that i must have had lots of gf's hookups in my life, which is not true at all lol. so for me it is even worse because it feels like a lot of my potential is just completely wasted by this stupid anxiety.anyways i have made an appointment with another therapist to see if she could help me with this problem, but without sounding too pessimistic i really have very little hope that i am ever going to feel better. because i think to myself i have struggled with this almost my whole life and so how could just talking about it to someone even help me ? that is pretty much it i guess, i really hope you guys are doing okey and that you are not suffering too much from sa like i do.what do you guys think about all of this ? 27m mom just told me why do not you get yourself a girlfriend ?
let us just get straight to it. my dad is an alcoholic. he has been to rehab six times. six! he has been drinking even before i was born, and he continues to drink to this day. he is drunk right now. when i was 11, i was in baseball, and one day, he showed up at my baseball game completely drunk. i was so embarrassed, and really really hurt. after the game, teammates were making fun of me hey, i really like your dad. he seems fun. hey, when is your dad coming to the game next? your dad is a real wino. i was hurt, but, i had to go to the next game, and when i did, one of the teammates brought a can of beer, gave it to me, and said i know your dad will love this. i asked my mom if we could leave. i told her i was not feeling well.i went home, and decided to quit baseball. i told my mom that it was because i was not having fun, but, in reality, i did not want to keep playing because i did not want to keep being bullied by the other kids, and being embarrassed whenever my dad showed up drunk.my dad continued to drink. about 6 years ago, my brother and i visited him for christmas. i thought it would be nice. on christmas eve, he said he was going out to the store. usually it is about a half hour walk. he lost his drivers license due to a dwi he came back, five hours later, absolutely hammered. on christmas eve. i was furious. i wanted to leave, but, i did not want to ruin everyone is christmas. so, i kept my mouth shut, and cried myself to sleep. worst christmas i have ever had.i stopped talking to him after that. i ignored his texts, and i came up with excuses to avoid speaking to him. in september of 2019, my supervisor told me she would have to cut my hours. no reason given. i was barely making any money to live on. i could not pay my bills, and for a while, i had to park my car, and walk to work because i could not afford insurance. so, my dad decided to move in with me, and said he would pay the bills.i was really upset with this decision. i did not want him to move in with me, but, i had no other choice. ever since then, i have had to deal with his drinking. constant drinking. i have screamed at him, and pleaded with him to stop drinking, and he does not listen. i have even grown to dread the sound of a can opening.about 3 months ago, my 17 year old little brother came over. my dad decided to get shit faced. he was acting like a dick, and was just being obnoxious. my brother ended up leaving, and went home. my mom texted me, and told me he came home crying. my 6 foot 7 inch tall brother, who weighs 280 lbs, cried because of my dad's behavior.on monday, my dad decided to start drinking at 11 45 in the morning. 4 hours later, and plenty of beers later, he asked me to take him to the store. i was hesitant, but, i took him. we get inside, and already my father is embarrassing me. i go off to get what i needed, and i realized i forgot my wallet in the car. my dad pays for me, and i thanked him twice for that. i paid him back when we get back in the car, and we head home. on the way home, my dad starts acting like a dick. he starts mocking me, and going thanks for the money, dad. even though i thanked him twice. i was on edge at that point. i responded i already thanked you twice, you idiot. was it the best thing to say? no. but, i was really upset. he got upset for me calling him an idiot. we get home, and i am walking up the porch. he throws an empty bottle at my head and that was it. i had snapped. i turned, walked down the steps, and approached my father, and punched him right in the jaw. i knocked him out. he was out for a good 3 minutes.he regained consciousness, and i helped him inside. i do not really know how to feel about it, though. i feel good for standing up for myself after dealing with a dismal father. but, i also feel terrible because he is my father. i really do not know how to process all of this. even 2 days later. i punched my father.
an inchorent story made cogerent by gpt sothere mught be a little additional dramatic effect a guy in the tail end of high school liked a girl who was his classmate so much but did not ask her out because they were friends. also, the guy had low self esteem. after they were close and sometimes flirted but nothing serious, they continued to be friends through college even though she studied out of town. every time she goes back home, they hang out. during college, the guy majors in chemistry, and during the third year, he got depressed and caved into pressure and had a panic attack due to not catching up in school and the idea that he is a failure to his parents. that resulted in him not going to school anymore. he did this in secret throughout the semester, so when the next semester is up, his parents discovered that he stopped going to school and instead wandered around town and wasted time in lan cafes. during this incident, he cut off all communication with his friends and acquaintances. he was lonely during this time. after his family discovered the incident, his family already saw him as a failure, and it was clear from their eyes and the way they treated him. this got him more depressed and ashamed. at some point, he realized he had lost the motivation to do anything productive. he did not know when it started, so he pondered and remembered when he was last motivated and realized that it was only because of his friends back then. then he thought back to his childhood and realized he would rather not try to do anything because if he made a mistake, he would be punished. and if he did good, then nothing. maybe he was not motivated at all because he was raised in a negative punishment methodology of parenthood. he blamed his parents for the things that he was, but he also realized that his parents did everything to provide for his needs except for the needs of warmth and recognition. he was conflicted. his parents asked him to go to school after the school year ended, and he accepted. as he was ashamed of what he did, he studied in another town. during his studies, he realized that he could not make any meaningful connection with anyone at all. he realized again he was lonely. during this second chance of studying, he heard news about the girl he liked, and he felt things. when it was good news, he was happy. when it was bad news, he was concerned. one of the guy's high school friend's fathers died, and he saw her again. it was weird. he realized he loved her and he now only loves the idea of her, a type of obsession of pain, as every future that the guy saw was with her. but she is now in a happy relationship, and the guy she is in a relationship with is great, and the guy thinks that they would be married, and the guy also thinks it's good for them to be married. after graduation, the guy returned to his hometown but remained unemployed. he felt lost and uncertain of what to do next. he often thought of his past mistakes and regrets, including not pursuing the girl he had feelings for and not taking his studies seriously. as time passed, he became more and more discouraged. he didn't have the motivation to pursue any opportunities that came his way, even those that could have helped him grow and develop his skills. he spent most of his days alone, feeling like he was stuck in a never ending cycle of hopelessness and despair. despite the encouragement of his friends and family, he continued to feel like a failure. he couldn't shake the feeling that he had let everyone down, including himself. he knew that he needed to make a change, but he didn't know where to start. the future was uncertain, and he didn't know what would happen next. but he knew that he couldn't give up, even when things seemed impossible. he would continue to search for a way out of his current situation, hoping that one day he could find his way back to a brighter future.
i have booked a greyhound bus to go to dallas, texas next month so i can easily get another bus ticket next month to go to fresno, california so i can be with my boyfriend next month which i plan on staying with him because he wants to see me and i do too. the only problem is where i would stay out in dallas, texas because i am traveling from atlanta, georgia to get to dallas texas because i don t know anybody or how much a hotel will cost. i plan on taking another bus to get from dallas, texas to go to dallas texas but the only thing is i do not know what it means when it says change buses because i do not know if getting on the next bus will take me to where i need to be because i hate to get lost is why my mom wish i had someone with me in case i get lost but also that i would be safe. the only way i can get from my city in georgia to get to atlanta, georgia is to take a lyft because i have no family, friends or no way of getting there so i have to do what i go to do. i wish i had help for real which i will not when i get to dallas, texas because i am a special needs person so i have a hard time understanding, comprehending very well and when it comes to asking questions i am afraid of me sounding weird or it coming out stupid because i am a very anxious and shy person which is why it is hard for me to do some things on my own or when it comes to asking for help or the thought if i had to transfer 2 or 3 times will make it hard because if i get lost i will end up getting very anxious, start panicking and crying which is why i took one bus at a time which is one to get to atlanta, georgia to dallas texas and then buy another ticket when i get there to get me to fresno, california but 1 transfer seems alot easy so i do not get confused because i do not know if they will tell me when or if i have to transfer ot not because i have a hard time with things because i am a slow learner. i wish i can make a friend before going to dallas, texas before then so that way i will have help or will not get lost because i am thinking of buying another bus ticket to get from dallas, texas to fresno california to see my boyfriend but i do not think i can afford a hotel and bus too but also do not feel safe having my phone out in public with people around that something bad can happen because it is just too much transferring which will get me confusing and lost! i hope everything works out so i would need everyone is support! i got to figure out about where to stay when i get to dallas, texas the 4th of august and i have a suitcase so i hope i can bring that on there to take on the bus but if everything works out i will put a update on here! i have high anxiety right now doing this but i got to somehow do what is right! i really miss my boyfriend and i hope i can be with him is the reason i am always depressed, anxious and he really wants me there so i make sure i can do everything i can to go be with him and i really have no friends that is going to help get me to him so i had to think of something but the think when i get to texas i feel i cannot afford a hotel but also a bus from dallas, texas to fresno california because i have no long distance friends from anywhere like that who could possibly follow things through with me to help me so i do not get lost! i have been in a long distance relationship with him for a while now and i am hoping i can get to him i just want to cry right now because my anxiety and depression is going through the roof, i overthink a lot and i just feel alone where i have no friends or nobody but a part of me does not know how to start a conversation or good with words is why i feel nobody sticks around because i am way too anxious and shy but i am afraid of being ghosted and hurt is all i get but it would be better if i was there with my boyfriend! i am not okay, things have been hard, struggling and i just feel alone
i am an 18 year old trans guy. i do not think words can appropriately express how much i fucking hate myself. i know i am never going to be a real man, and i am never going to be attractive to anyone but my current partner. cis guys work out to get ripped and hot. i work out just for my body to remotely resemble that of a man. i know that in order to look like a guy i am going to need thousands of dollars of surgery, including plastic surgery to masculinizar my face. i have been on testosterone for more or less a year and all that is improved is a little bit of hair and a slightly deeper voice. i feel like a mutilated hairy woman. i feel disgusting. i come across gay men in the internet who would never accept me as one of them much less be attracted to me. i feel like a total fraud. everyone at work respects my pronouns but only because its company policy, not because they see me as a real man. the more testosterone i take, the worse my acne gets, and the more bloated i become, this driving me towards worse self esteem. i know the effort necessary for me to be passable and attractive is so much that i would have to center my life around it and make enormous sacrifices to do so. i also dropped out of high school my senior year. i had a 4.2 weighted gpa, tons of ap classes, countless teachers ready to write me shining letters of recommendation. i was president and founder of my schools film club, i was an activist and a member of many other student clubs and organizations. i was on numerous occasions pulled aside by various teachers to be told i was a favorite student and that i was going places. i was also heavily involved in volunteering and was even appointed to leadership positions within the organization i volunteered with outside of school. i scored 5s on all of my ap tests and was often the only one in my year to do so. this year as my former peers are graduating, i am scrolling through their instagram pages as i get off a 9 hour shift at my shitty restaurant job. i see that multiple of my peers are attending ivy leagues and other schools of similar ranking. this confirms what i long suspected and longed for i could have easily been admitted to many of the top schools that my peers got into seeing as i outperformed the vast majority of them both in academics and in extracurricular activities. i really fucked that up. but at the same time i intensely hate all of those people i attended school with and am glad i am not surrounded with the likes of them anymore. why? because the majority of them were super privileged neoliberal assholes that ostracized me for being different and only tolerated me because i was smart and over achieving. to make matters worse i honestly miss a lot of aspects of being a girl. i was always the best dressed in school but i never got verbal attention for it because i was an outsider. instead people just stared at me as i walked down the halls with high heels and a perfectly curated vintage outfit. i had the perfect female body and a pretty face. even though i was always uncomfortable and everything felt like a performative sham, i was insulated from the outside world and i felt like i had some value. now i just feel like a chubby, unattractive, worthless blob. its disgusting . i was also severely depressed and anorexic before my transition and although the anorexia has since disappeared i almost miss it. its gotten to the point that my self esteem is so low that i cannot orgasm unless my boyfriend calls me a fag or puts his hand across my mouth which i ask him to do by the way . now he sometimes refuses because hes seen the effect it has on me so instead i just imagine it even more degrading in my head. i go through suicidal episodes where i feel like i truly want to die but later when i calm down i want to try to feel better if not for me then at least for the world. please help i just want to die
i have struggled long and hard with depression and anxiety since i was 17. i spent years in therapy learning to work with it and my battle hit its peak in mar 2019. i have an extensive list of mental illness diagnoses depression, panic disorder, ocd, eating disorder, complex trauma and i have tried almost every form of treatment out there.at my lowest point, i started having multiple panic attacks everyday. i started not being able to commute to work or focus during meetings and i was highly encouraged by my medical team to quit my job after a couple of months into my first position as a fresh graduate. i was the only university graduate of my family and my wide ranging experiences from juggling work and study placed me in a position where i was the highest earning member of my household. my family struggled with finances while i was growing up because my mother was the sole bread winner after my parents divorced and i always had to make the most practical decisions, even when we had to move from house to house because we could not afford to pay for utilities. one of my close family members was also facing trial for a legal implication at that point and we knew our finances were tight. so even the idea of having to leave my job made no sense at all and it seemed like such an out of character move for me. i cried and cried, and negotiated and compromised because i still had student loans to pay off but i could not avoid the growing emotional debt that i owed myself. leaving felt like the biggest failure of all and i dealt with a lot of arguments and apprehension, but i did it. i re scaled my budget, reviewed my expenses, modified my lifestyle and i made it work. fast forward a couple of months into intensive treatment, i received my childhood trauma diagnosis and the battle of inner conflict ensued. it took me a really, really long time to process all the violence, sexual assault, emotional abuse, manipulation and blackmail from the past 2 decades of my lifetime. and because i dealt with so much pain and struggle, i was hospitalised for an attempted suicide in dec 2020. i felt like i just did not want to be a part of this life anymore and i just really wanted a way out i still cry when i think about this . i survived and it felt like such a burden back then and i did not know how to process all of it, but i started learning how to set boundaries and i let people go. i gave myself time, and i told myself that if i was going to live, it would be on my terms. i gradually started working from home for one of my previous bosses after i rested and once my finances were strong enough, i moved out of my familys house which spurred another round of conflict and guilt tripping with my sister and our cat, and i swear that was the best decision i have ever made.fast forward to today, i finally spoke to my boss who has been extremely patient and understanding about my mental health situation and we have agreed that i can gradually start moving back to working full time with the adjusted pay and benefits to suit. i do not share the full details of my story because there is still a lot of guilt and sensitivity about it. but at my lowest, when i was posting on forums about leaving my job and about my mental illnesses, someone commented on my post saying that he she was in the same position once and chose to keep working, but ended up not being able to work permanently because of his her conditions and encouraged me to take better care of myself. i probably would not have been alive if it was not for that comment. so if anyone needs a sign today, this is it. leave your job if that is what you need. take care of yourself and just give life one more try. its not easy, and if i am being honest there are still days that i wished i did not survive, but not today. today, i am grateful if you need a sign to put yourself first, this is it. tw suicide
i have what feels like no friends. i have two people i would consider friends, but idk. one friend, he is got to be the center of attention constantly. he bought a game i have had my eye on for a while, convinced me to buy it, then less than a week later moved onto another gamemy other friend, i texted him in our group chat saying we are playing this new game, and he never responded. i texted him the next day asking if he was there, and still no responsei built a computer for my brother so we could play games together, and he does not want to. he paid me back for what it cost, but besides that he does not even seem to appreciate what i have done. hell, i have even bought him some games we could play together, and he does not want toi bought another friend a couple games because she had none, and she does not want to play eitheri lost my job last summer due to the 'rona, but luckily the first friend i mentioned offered me work. unfortunately, there is no guarantee it will last. he is hoping it will depending how well our team performs this summer, but it is not guarantee. due to losing my job, i had to move back home with my mom. i would like to move out, but my friend said do not so that until this team thing gets approved. he does not want me to move out and then have a lease i cannot pay for. i should know by the end of the month, but we will seemy mom, she is a massive part of why i feel like shit. she is a hoarder and does not clean. there are clumps of dirt, dust, and dog hair everywhere. we have had mice, as well as rats in the house. i want out of this house so badly, but as stated previously, it is not a safe bet until i know this work will be a little more guaranteed. i could clean, sure, but i drive an hour to work one way, after doing a somewhat intensive labor job, then an hour back home. when she and my brother i built the computer for both sit at home doing nothing all day every dayi reapplied to the university i dropped out of a year and a half ago, but they only offered the classes i needed during the day, which is when i was working. i reapplied this winter, and heard no response. i called admissions and they told me i applied for admissions, not readmissions, so i had to reapply again, and have still not heard back. on top of that, do i really want to put myself back into debt for my dream job, or keep working this manual labor job that pays well but leaves me feeling unfulfilled?i am overweight and i miss the body i had three years ago. three years ago i was 165 with extremely low body fat. i had so much energy, my clothes fit, i felt great, waking up was no longer a chore. now, i am 200 with what feels like no muscle. i want to get back to that, but i do not have time or energy to get back into lifting, and with my mom being a hoarder and me not having my own space, meal prepping like i used to is not ideal. it is more of a chore than it already isthe one thing that does bring me joy is my girlfriend. she will ask me what? and chuckle a bit anytime she sees me staring at her, but she has no idea just how much happiness she brings to me. with that said, this summer has been hard on me. she is busy with a summer job that only allows me to see her late friday nights, saturdays until about 3 in the afternoon, late saturday nights, then all day sunday. unfortunately, she will ask me if she can go to parties with her work friends, and because i try to be the best man i can be for her, i tell her yes, but it hurts that she chooses to see them over me since she sees them literally all day every day monday friday, then again saturday evenings, and sunday eveningsi do not expect anyone to actually read this, let alone comment, but if you do, any words of comfort, reassurance, or anything, it would mean a lot to me. thanks i just want to feel better, or at the very least someone to listen to me
at first i did not know what it was, i just felt empty, sad, lost interest in all of my hobbies, nothing was fun to do anymore. i did not take it seriously, probably just your teenager hormones messing around i told myself.i began searching on the internet for weeks and i eventually understood what it was, fucking depression that is. probably caused from many years of extreme shyness, social anxiety and self isolation, i was scared of people and i had no personality.i failed highschool 3 times, it took me 6 years to finish highschool. in my 5th year of highschool 19 20 years old i only had 4 subject to finish, so i had pretty much 80 of free time the whole year. i promised myself i would get a job and actually be someone, do something with my life. i failed, got called for 6 interviews and i did not even attend 4 of them huge panic attacks , last 2 were on a more discrete place with less people around so i eventually had the guts to go inside, first one i had a panic attack right at the beginning, interviewer seemed cool about it at let me take some deep breaths, i went through the interview but he said at the end i am sorry, but you should really consider seeking a therapist . last interview, i did sweat a lot, i had a very shaky voice, i was extremely anxious and could barely look at her in the eyes, 5 minutes into the interview she says you are not really qualified for this job, i am sorry and i left.after that day i hit the rock bottom, a few months later i rested my forehead on a loaded shotgun for more than an hour, trying to get the courage to pull the trigger but the only thing that came to my mind was my mom's reaction seeing me dead with my head blown out. i could not do it.last year of highschool, only 1 subject left and again, could not even apply for a job, my anxiety was getting worse and so was my depression. one day at 5 in the morning i decided, this is it, i am going to end it right now. i got into my car and drove to the nearest cliff by the sea huge 100m drop , i just sat there on the edge for about 20 minutes trying to find a reason not to do it, once again the only thing that i could think of was my mom's reaction. eventually an old fisherman saw me and called the police, i kind of got away saying i enjoyed sitting while looking at the sea and i do it nearly every morning.got into university at 21 years old, 2 years went by and just being occupied with something eventually kept my mind busy and suicide thoughts went away for once. nowadays, 23 years old, 2 years of university went by, still never had a gf or even a female friend , i made 0 friends, i still have 0 experience talking with women i have not had a female classmate since i was 16 . i promised myself that university would change my life just like it does to many people, once again, i failed myself my social interactions got a lot better and people do not notice that much that i am weird, but i am still shy as fuck .summer holidays just began, depression is growing again at a fast rate, no one to go out with, i have 3 friends from highschool but we go out like once a month at best, my closest friend just got a gf so he only talks to me like once a week just for regular stuff. 2 weeks ago i spent most of the time searching for ways to peacefully kill myself without making too much of a mess, i planned to jump of a 75m bridge into the water or maybe try again the 100m cliff, and also thought about taking a bunch of sleeping pills, go into my car and and let a butane gas cylinder open inside... i do not know how to help myselfsorry for long post, i have too much shit going on in my mind, and who knows if i end up doing it in the near future, i will send my reddit account to my closest friends so at least they know what i had going on in my mind. 4 and a half years of depression and suicide thoughts, is there any hope? 23m
this is something i have been working on inside my own head. trying to understand the emotions, the thought processes, the reactions and how they all come together to form this entity that is typing these things out. amp x200b i have been to the lowest of lows. i suffer from excruciating depression daily. i have been this way most of my life and i have only been really starting to study for about 2 years now. amp x200b but i think i am starting to see all these different aspects of existence and life. i have been trying to concoct some sense of a motivation bomb if you will. amp x200b it is a mixture of consciousness, a physical sensation of burning in my chest, a physical sensation of slight pressure on my right temple, just the right amount of desire, a dash of willpower, a boatload of research and this image of a vault door unlocking and slowly opening up. amp x200b the factors behind this involve various bits and pieces i have come up with through my studies. mostly in reference to personality, the concept of motivation, a general understanding of how human psychology works, a general understanding of social expectations and interactions and the center piece to it all, the conscious self. amp x200b with this, i have got many analogies. the concept of the entirety of the human race, similar to a bed of seafoam, drifting on the ocean. the concept of not needing love, but wanting it. to need it is to create stress and damage to those who come near. to be ok alone but still want that connection allows the ability to simply drift with one another through the ocean. that to fight all of this, the very nature of fighting all those thoughts and emotions inside because they are wrong and painful and bad, is not dissimilar to drowning. fighting those waves feels exactly like drowning. amp x200b in my understanding of this, i begin to see the ocean for what it is, time. just waves of time and each of us get our time to bask in the glory of the starlight as we flow through. we may not always see it or know it because sometimes the ocean is shallow, sometimes we are in the mud, face down, beaten, broken and afraid and sometimes it is just easier to stay there, somewhere out of reach, out of harm's way. amp x200b yet the inevitable waves of agony always return. the onslaught of self loathing always crashes down. the fear to move forward always stabs us in the back because we choose to stay still. amp x200b an unchanging mind is like iron. left to it is own devices, it will rust and decay. but given the opportunity to be in wise, caring hands it is shaped and molded and fortified. like waters of life turned to this beautiful work of art as the blacksmith intricately and delicately works their magic. amp x200b hammering away at imperfections, chiseling flaws and smelting away impurities to produce the finest of blades. caressing the edges for the sharpest of blades. decorating the handle for the most beautiful of blades. amp x200b from this moment we begin to see the final product in it is full glory. from what was once a mere bubble, lost out at sea. only to be tasked to enter the trials of hardship of life as each and every single one crawled through the mud. they did not know at the time that this mud contained the iron in which they would take shape later in life and as they entered the final phase, the mind was separated from itself. between conscious and emotion, morality and ethics, right and wrong, who am i and who i am. amp x200b through the research and wisdom of those minds who came before me and the few minds who were there for today. i begin my own process of smelting away the old, filtering the impurities that i know to be of ill value, molding the cast of this persona and understanding the form that i must fill. amp x200b the night is always darkest just before the dawn. the perfect mix
someone pls tell me how to get over this i m currently nearly so i ve known this guy for year met him early 0 9 i know this sound stupid af but i met him online on minecraft when i wa nearly so i wa and at that time my sister had attempted suicide multiple time i had no friend at school and didn t go outside for week it wa school summer holiday i spent all my time playing minecraft with him on call and would message him all night when i wasn t playing the game he s also american and i m british went back to school and had like friend and carried on talking to him he started to like me and told me that but i literally did not like him at all and wanted to just be friend a i thought dating online wa weird anyway we ended up stopping talking a i moved on with my life made more friend at school and started being a normal teen with a normal life boy etc probably around early 0 0 i started talking to him again a i messaged him on instagram we spoke for a day then wouldn t talk for or so and this went on for a few month then we stopped talking completely novemeber 0 0 i dropped out on school in year 0 due to mental health issue and wa really at my lowest point i started talking to him again btw i barely remember anything from 0 0 bc i think my mental health just f cked up my brain we spoke for hour every night and day i m just adding that he s hispanic he skate his voice is so nice and he s literally my entire type anyway we talked and talked and we both fell in love he made me feel like a person he made me feel like everything i felt like nothing for so long and like i didn t belong and nothing made me happy and he just fixed everything me being me i would cause argument with him when he didn t reply within like 0 minute which ik wa so wrong of me to do i ruined everything by just keep going on at him for being dry etc because i wa so scared he would fall out of love with me he started being distant with me and talking to me le and not being like he used to be it really upset me what i mean by that is i would not eat i would not sleep i would stalk everything he wa doing i ended up getting blocked by him on absolutely everything even spotify it ruined me i made new account to get unblocked and the whole talking for age him being dry getting blocked repeated about time up until now he doesn t love me anymore he told me he wa all i ever wanted in a person last time i wa blocked it wa for about month life wa pointless without him he s just some guy online who could be doing whatever and i wouldn t know because i live thousand of mile from him but i love him i don t know why but i have this obsession with him i don t even think it s love anymore he is on my mind with no exaggeration everytime someone mention his name i smile and get butterfly i don t want to be here anymore if he isn t in my life his mood affect my mood i m currently still talking to him but he s dry which make me feel so depressed sometimes i think he ha a love spell on me or some shit he changed he used to be so nice and innocent then he went to high school and smoke weed and talk differently and treat me like i m just there like i m not a person anyway when i m talking to him and he s dry i don t want to talk to him anymore when i don t talk to him i want to literally die it s a cycle i m never going to get out of please don t tell me to meet someone new because i ve already tried that i started meeting guy to try and get over him but he s always in my head with everything i do he s already in my mind and i can never let him go he doesn t care if i don t talk to him anymore he s only staying because he probably feel like he ha to no one else can compare to him i don t know why i m like this and i hate myself for it i hate myself and he s the only one to make it okay pls help i know i m young but it s messing with my head
i am just so tired of feeling completely misunderstood by my mum. i am tired of being sensitive and being hurt by the things she says to me because i know she worked so hard to give me and my sibling everything we have and all the opportunities i had. i have traveled, i went to uni, she supports me but i feel like i only disappoint her. even thought i feel like her own trauma and the way she handled raising us is partially to blame for a lot of my anxiety and depression issues i cannot just blame her because i know she did her best....now she found out i smoked weed and i cannot even face her because i feel so guilty. i feel like she blames me for everything and when i voice my feelings i get told i understood everything wrong and i am to blame for how i am.i love my mum i do not know what to do, but she is had a massive impact in my most recent and worst depressive episodes and suicidal thoughts and she does not even have the slightest clue of how shitty i am feeling. and i cannot bring myself to tell her.i am just scared. i feel like i am alone and no one understands me. i do not know what i am going to do, i cannot get myself to finish writing my thesis and i just want to finish this damn degree and figure out what i am going to do with myy life. i am so lost and confused. i feel like a failure.it is also taking a toll on my boyfriend and i feel so bad for bothering him with my depression, i know i am not nice to be around and he is tired of listening to my problems. i feel like a burden and like i do not contribute to anything good. i really just wish i could fall asleep and not wake up anymore so my mind, body and heart could finally rest. i recently started antidepressants and it has really helped my anxiety and depression but i still have awful lows even though they are shorter periods of time. my mum does not understand my depression and now she thinks i am to blame because i smoked weed, when in reality weed was a coping mechanism i used in times i was feeling very bad, some times caused by her. it might have not helped in the long run, but it was not the bottomless hole she says it is. it helped me stay less depressed, distract myself and in times it even helped me get work done when i could not get myself to do it sober. i know i had have a problem with it, that is why my consumption was always very on and off, because i could see myself losing control. but i am aware of it and ever since i started the antidepressants i have stopped smoking and i want to quit it for a long time if not forever . i want to get better, and i try so hard to get up, clean myself, take a walk but everything is so hard.. and now i hate being at home with her because of the tension... i would love to have a nice relationship with my mum, that is why i kept trying to talk and work things out but i was always met with victimization and accusations of guilt... i do not want to leave my mum alone but... i do not know what to do and this environment does not help me get better. also i do not have a job right now and i do not think i have the strength to work,i cannot get myself to do anything productive. i just... do not know what to do..... except lie down and cry and scroll on my phone and think and blame myself and blame my mum and just want to stop existing...... i never thought i could actually be depressed but there is no denying it now and everything just feels hopeless. i do not know what the future looks like. the mental health support in my country is shit and i have been to 2 therapists, had 1 bad experience with thefirst and an underwhelming one with the second and looking for a new therapist, starting everything all over again and asking my mum for money for therapy just seems.... exhausting english is not my 1st language another depressed and misunderstood girl in her 20s rant
almost a year ago the company i work at shut down the building and moved everyone to working remotely. i was hesitant about it then and at this point i am just completely falling apart. my workspace is just feet from where i sleep at night and it has to be there . i wake up in the morning next to my sleeping wife, roll out of bed, put on a pair of shorts, and clock in for the day. i do not get to see any of the friends i made at the office. i do not get to talk shit about corporate over a cup of coffee. i do not get to take a slow drive at night before i get home and destress myself before i get home. i am spiraling into a deep depression, my work stats are falling tremendously, and my attendance is flatlining but i do not feel i have any other options. two years ago i was a career factory worker, working with high school friends at the local cheese factory, and i loved it. but it ended suddenly when i was in a life changing car accident and shattered half of my spine. i could no longer do any sort of labor standing work and had to move to the city to find a desk job. the company i worked at was the only one who would hire a crippled factory worker with no customer service experience at the age of 20. they provided me with an orthapedic chair, a comfortable job, and secure source of income. working in the building also gave me the social interaction i needed to make new friends here in a city i would never seen before. but then covid happened. well over half our workforce jumped on the chance to work from home rather than on site but more than a few of us wanted to remain in the office and so we did, until corporate decided for us. they decided it was no longer financially viable to keep the office building open and announced we had a month to vacate and be set up to work from our homes. so i moved all my stuff onto a cart and shoved it into the back of my volkswagen. i got it home, put it on an old desk i had left in storage, set up some filing cabinets, and put my usual desk toys on it. at first i was enjoying amenities readily available to me by being in my own house. i knew the bathroom would be empty anytime i needed it, i could brew my own pot of coffee, and i have shelves and a fridge with snacks and meals loaded up in them. if i got to bored i could play with my dogs or turn on the tv behind me and play my old xbox 360 on mute. but i knew it was lacking something major. no longer could i take off my headset and go storm outside after a shitty customer encounter and vent to a coworker doing the same while sucking down 3 cigarettes in record time. i could not take my foam football and play catch with my cubicle neighbors anymore. i could not start up a conversation with my boss where we picked apart all the issues we had with the hobbit movies. we could not leave fun little surprises on each others desks, company christmas was dead forever, and we no longer would share a meal together in the cafeteria on thanksgiving. i just finally made a single friend outside of work but i cannot force myself into his space constantly, he has 2 kids and a wife to take care of first. i cannot go to the gym and burn off energy because i will physically hurt myself, i cannot go wander in any direction with a .22 and hunt for small game in a city, and i cannot go fishing in any of the commercial use waterways around me. i feel so alone, i feel like i no longer have a bedroom but instead an office space that i sleep in. my physical health is being affected even, i am getting sick more often, my body hurts more than normal , and i just never feel like i am fully awake anymore. i do not really know what help to ask for if i am being completely honest. can anyone offer some advice, or emotional support, or even share some experience that can help me through this? working from home
tw sa, over dramatic life storytelling psa, it does get better. but not if your brains chemically imbalanced.the suicidal thoughts started in grade six, i remember because in class i drew this picture, a picture of a girl me that just blew her brains out with a pistol. my teacher saw it on my desk amp i was reported etc they called my mom i had to go to the counseller twice or whatever. funniest part is my drawing was caption goodbye cruel world i was 11 or whatever, what did i even know about how cruel the world is.going into grade 11, same 5 words pass my lips everyday. i am going to kill myself. its almost comforting. when i am breaking down i repeat it to myself, it usually goes like this. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself amp it will all be okay, it will all be better.it brings a sense of relief.i have never actually tried to kill myself, yeah i have sat down amp started swallowing some pills but i have stopped myself, who uses pills anyway, the success rate is not in my favour. its been 5, going on 6 years since i have had a day without being suicidal. i am 16. this is not the way it should be. i forget there is literally people that do not have suicide cross their mind at every inconvenience, maybe that just makes me over dramatic.worst part is i put myself in all the situations i have had to overcome. grade 8 guy grade 11 asked me to come hug him at lunch, he did more than hug me. in his defence i did flirt with him, i did send him things. at that point i had not even had my first kiss, of course everything i said to him was bs, i just wish i made it clearer. i spent the rest of that day in the bathroom scrubbing my skin, followed by a silent bus ride amp the longest shower when i got home.grade 9 i know some people say your boyfriend cannot r4pe you. but he did. i said no so many times i lost count. when i asked him if he heard me he said yeah but i was just too horny aight. he would not let me leave him, he harassed me amp said my death would be on him if i left. i sound insane for staying but you really do not know what those words feel like till you are in that situation. i feel jacked for missing him, i miss him, one of the most traumatic experiences of my life amp i want it back. atleast i knew someone loved me enough to threaten to kill me if i leaved them. grade 10 started online schooling permanently. i cannot deal with seeing my ex. the year my attraction to guys my age completely vanished. not going to mention any details of my current bf, just know i am not getting better, i am not healing, i am damaged amp leeched onto the first boy, man that showed me any attention. he is not hurting me to make that clear i just know this is wrong amp its just damaging me further. the relationship technically is not illegal. but its not something he would want people to know, because yes, it would make people lose respect for him. i do not know what is wrong with me, i have never been to a therapist or anything. but i do not think its normal , i cannot have more than two consecuative good days. if i do you best know the third day ends with me amp a bottle of pills having a stare down.i am afraid, i am afraid because when i was sitting there with a bottle of pills i used to think about how my best friend would feel, used to make me bawl my eyes at the thought of leaving her alone. that thought does not make me cry anymore. i am afraid of having a worse day than normal amp it ending with me lynching myself. because nothing is keeping me here, i do not feel guilty about leaving anymore. one more push amp its over .on top of everything i do not get my period anymore, hardly anyways. breaks my heart, but i guess its for the best. i would be a terrible mom. it does not get better
tw sa, over dramatic life storytelling psa, it does get better. but not if your brains chemically imbalanced.the suicidal thoughts started in grade six, i remember because in class i drew this picture, a picture of a girl me that just blew her brains out with a pistol. my teacher saw it on my desk amp i was reported etc they called my mom i had to go to the counseller twice or whatever. funniest part is my drawing was caption goodbye cruel world i was 11 or whatever, what did i even know about how cruel the world is.going into grade 11, same 5 words pass my lips everyday. i am going to kill myself. its almost comforting. when i am breaking down i repeat it to myself, it usually goes like this. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself. i am going to kill myself amp it will all be okay, it will all be better.it brings a sense of relief.i have never actually tried to kill myself, yeah i have sat down amp started swallowing some pills but i have stopped myself, who uses pills anyway, the success rate is not in my favour. its been 5, going on 6 years since i have had a day without being suicidal. i am 16. this is not the way it should be. i forget there is literally people that do not have suicide cross their mind at every inconvenience, maybe that just makes me over dramatic.worst part is i put myself in all the situations i have had to overcome. grade 8 guy grade 11 asked me to come hug him at lunch, he did more than hug me. in his defence i did flirt with him, i did send him things. at that point i had not even had my first kiss, of course everything i said to him was bs, i just wish i made it clearer. i spent the rest of that day in the bathroom scrubbing my skin, followed by a silent bus ride amp the longest shower when i got home.grade 9 i know some people say your boyfriend cannot r4pe you. but he did. i said no so many times i lost count. when i asked him if he heard me he said yeah but i was just too horny aight. he would not let me leave him, he harassed me amp said my death would be on him if i left. i sound insane for staying but you really do not know what those words feel like till you are in that situation. i feel jacked for missing him, i miss him, one of the most traumatic experiences of my life amp i want it back. atleast i knew someone loved me enough to threaten to kill me if i leaved them. grade 10 started online schooling permanently. i cannot deal with seeing my ex. the year my attraction to guys my age completely vanished. not going to mention any details of my current bf, just know i am not getting better, i am not healing, i am damaged amp leeched onto the first boy, man that showed me any attention. he is not hurting me to make that clear i just know this is wrong amp its just damaging me further. the relationship technically is not illegal. but its not something he would want people to know, because yes, it would make people lose respect for him. i do not know what is wrong with me, i have never been to a therapist or anything. but i do not think its normal, i cannot have more than two consecuative good days. if i do you best know the third day ends with me amp a bottle of pills having a stare down.i am afraid, i am afraid because when i was sitting there with a bottle of pills i used to think about how my best friend would feel, used to make me bawl my eyes at the thought of leaving her alone. that thought does not make me cry anymore. i am afraid of having a worse day than normal amp it ending with me lynching myself. because nothing is keeping me here, i do not feel guilty about leaving anymore. one more push amp its over .on top of everything i do not get my period anymore, hardly anyways. breaks my heart, but i guess its for the best. i would be a terrible mom. it does not get better
there is someone i am dating, who i love very much. i became aware early on that he suffered from poor mental health, but i did not realize the extent of it until about a month ago. i learned over the past several weeks that he has long been passively suicidali understand that to be the term for him not wanting to kill himself but not really interested in preventing his death either. lately, hes come up with a plan to end his life if he cannot find a way to accomplish a financial goal after a certain amount of time.just to be transparent, i do not suffer from depression, at least not in the way those who post here do. i might be able to learn and understand the concepts around it but i do not understand what its like to feel what he feels, and i am trying to help him.i have been struggling over the past month to deal with this information. i have been feeling pretty devastated over this since i first learned about it. i have been trying my best to say everything i can to get him to change his mind, even at the risk of him hating me, but his mind is set. he has been taking medication but says it has not worked for awhile, and yet refuses to get it updated or seek treatment. if he misses time at the gym, even just a couple days, he describes his depression as unbearable. he takes a hormone supplement, but other than that, his depression seems essentially untreated.having talked to him repeatedly about it over the past few weeks, i have learned a lot about depression. i at first thought he felt this way because of a situation, because of actions or inactions related to that situation, because of dissatisfaction with the world around him. now i better understand that while those things may be true, what really has him struggling is that living so far has been very painful to him for a very long time, and he does not want to try anymore to make it better. basically if he cannot complete his goal, he feels there is no further reason to brave the pain. he believes that pain is impossible to treat or live without. he says things that i see a lot in this subreddit.once i began to understand what he was feeling a bit better, i began specifically trying to convince him to get help with his depression. he seems open to the possibility e.g. he acknowledged that there may be hope, even if he does not feel up to trying for it, so i am trying to gather information. i am trying to learn more about what hes feeling, which is why i came here. i am trying to find info about depression, what that is like, whether treating it is effective, how much he may recover, what is entailed, whether those who have been through it or are undergoing it currently feel that its worth it, and anything else just so that i can be informed and also to help give him enough hope to try to address the depression hes feeling, and hopefully help him past the feeling that death is the only way he can feel relief.which brings me to why i am here. after spending some time in this subreddit, i realize that a lot of people who post here feel the same kinds of things he feels. in my desperation to help him, i wanted to ask people who actually go through these things whether i am doing the right thing, and for your perspective on depression treatment is it a good idea? if you are going through it, or have been through it, are you glad you did? is it actually helpful for you? what would you say to my partner, and how should i change the things i am saying? what do you think someone who is really trying to help a person feeling what he feel should say or do?thanks so much for reading this. i hope i have not offended or upset anyone and wish you all the very best in getting through your own situations with depression, or with helping someone who deals with it. how do i help? what would you say?
my gf and i broke up, my family how my dad just had fucked me up for so long, i have one bestfriend but truthfully i feel like when i am down nobody wants to deal with it. i just feel alone man. for once ya know. i may sound pessimistic but i am stressed. i am 24, in debt, moving out because i cannot be in this house with an abusive dad anymore, no college degree, only one friend who does not feel like he cares as much as he should or feels awkward when i am down so its just me. i have no one to talk to.i feel like everyone hates me. i feel like a loser. i just feel like total shit. people usually have family or at least a family member to be there for them. people usually have lots of friends to care for them when they are down. me no. i feel like i am socially inept. like i am too fucked up to be around anyone. like i am just nothing. i totally feel like i cannot do shit. people act like they care ya know and tell me the most obvious things. like it will be okay or everything is fine but for me it does not feel like that. for them being okay is just breathing. i just feel empty. i wish i had friends who cared for me who had love. no matter how stupid that sounds because that is all i need. a family that has love. but all around me is just negativity and all these heavy labels and expectations. it destroys me how people think so shitty of me. when everyday i feel like i go out of my way to try. when i believe in my heart that no matter what ill be there for my friends family and my girlfriend with all my heart forever. and its just not like that. nobody feels that way for me. no matter how embarassing or sad this sounds its the truth of how i feel. and i feel like total shit. and all i need is love for once. i never got it as a kid. people say at least you have a dad and family. but a dad who abused me my whole life. who still just talks shit about me. a sister who treats me like total shit. a mom who is so destroyed by an abusive husband who has the best heart but is so hurt she drinks all night every night and cries. a girlfriend who says she cares and loves me but always has to put me down and say she is going to end it. all the friends i had that just ditched me, who was just a friend to be around me or make plans. where for once is the love. honestly. when can i finally have somebody there for me through hard times? even if i am a dick sometimes i am human. i am always there when people treat me like shit. but once i do something wrong its the end of the world. everyone expects me to be perfect. to have everything done perfectly. like i am some fucking robot man. no free time just all my time spent to please everyone and work hours on hours to bring money in to give to everyone else too. to just say i have money. to just say i did this and that and i do not give a fuck about money. i do not care to have money to flaunt and just act successful. but that is what everyone expects of me. to be perfect. while i have been just trashed on my whole life. elementary school being made fun of for being overly energetic and wanting attention because at home i just got the shit beat out of me. made fun of because i am japanese. middle school just made fun of because i am the weird shitty kid who acts stupid because i just want people to like me because nobody fucking does. because i get trashed on by my dad and family and whole school. being a fucking outcast. idk man. i feel like total shit. girlfriend knows how hard my life is now. she is went through it with me but she cares about herself so much. does not see how much pain i feel because i do not show it. because i do not want to cry everyday and whine because everybody has told me to man up and grow up anytime i feel like this. i feel broken man. feel totally alone, lost, and destroyed
i feel like i wasn't meant to be born literally tw for mentions of sexual specifically csa , physical, and emotional abuse, incest, suicidal ideation, abandonment, grief, parental loss, and harrassment. let me know if i need to add anymore not in the suicidal way ok maybe a bit . i literally feel like it was against the universe for me to be born and now i'm living a waking nightmare due to going against nature my dad almost got in a fatal crash years before i was born and my mom had multiple miscarriages before having me i was born early and when they xrayed me because i was having trouble breathing my intestines were tied. i was quickly flown to another hospital and when they xrayed me again i was suddenly fine. i think this was all a warning sign here's why i think i'm cursed since then i have been sexually abused exclusively by different family members , emotionally abused, physically abused, neglected, got ptsd from medical malpractice, been abandoned veryvery suddenly by multiple people i have known for years, diagnosed with over 6 different mental disorders there's probably more waiting to be discovered as well , and lost my stepdad due to a fatal accident on christmas day 2022. since then his entire family has been harrassing us and trying to take his dogs from us out of purely spite. his mom thinks my mom is at fault he had 100 brain death and my mom gave them the ok to take him off the icu and she admitted to my mom she's trying to make me more suicidal so that i kill myself not because she has anything against me personally, but because my death would destroy my mom. all of the stuff i listed has taken place in a span of 9 years. each year i experienced an extreme traumatic event. i'm only 18. i never got to properly experience my teenage years. other random stuff i need to get off my chest and that also make me feel like i've been cursed i have premenstrual dymorphic disorder pmdd . i consider it the worst out of all the other disorders i have. two weeks out of every month my body and brain torture me. when i was told at 16 im to young to legally have a hysterectomy the only known cure for most pmdd patients and i would have to try almost every medication for pmdd before a doctor would consider it i started sobbing. i'm still trying different medications. the current one isn't working well so far. i also might have to leave the place i've lived for 9 years for another country within the next 2 due to the fact i'm trans and things have been feeling more unsafe in the us as of late. what's especially difficult and the cherry on top is that i'm autistic so even minor changes are really really hard. i also have a lot of friends and a community here. it just seems the major life changes have just been ramping up lately. i've been experiencing psychotic episodes lately due to sheer stress. basically i'm trying to say that whenever something good finally happens and i can rest for a second it gets taken away from me. i can't remember the last time my body wasn't slightly tense actually i feel like i can't tell my mom or even my friends i've had for years anything. all this trauma has left me not knowing how to emotionally open up. i feel so isolated even in a room of people i love. i've recently become emotionally and mentally unstable with my personality, morals, and behavior completely shifting in a single second. i feel like i can't trust anyone. i feel out of control. i feel like i have upset the universe with my existence. ps don't ask me how my intestines can tie and then untie themselves i genuinely don't know. that's just what i've been told by everyone that was there. also i hope i'm ok to post this here. if not please let me know and i'll take it down. apologies if i'm not very coherent. i hope you all have a good day
a little over a month ago i wa over at a friend s house and got to drinking pretty heavily over the night that i spent a his place every so often he would take the bottle away from me and temporarily and hide because he had the impression that i downing a full bottle of liquor at a dangerously fast pace for whatever neurotic reason the idea became supplanted in my head that he wa trying to intentionally hide it away from me so he could spike the bottle with a finely powdered lead in order to cause me to ingest large amount of a neurotoxic chemical to produce measurable brain damage surely this isn t likely whatsoever right it s all i ve been able to ob and ruminate over for well over a month now i could elaborate on a million different pattern and detail and inform you of the interpersonal context between the both of u but then i feel like i d be trying to create and extract a specific response out of people these are the bare bone and objective happening of the night in mention i ve even seen a doctor about trying to get tested for possible acute lead exposure and hinted towards psychological deterioration on a quantifiable level my intuition tell me that my saboteur had successfully managed to reduce my iq by several point and inflict a speech impediment issue which involves a portmanteau synthesis between word in my inner dialogue the way that it wa explained to me from a team of professional who discussed my case wa that because i m an adult it s much harder for a single instance of lead exposure ingestion to be absorbed or produce any perceptible effect or cross the blood brain barrier due to a lack of iron deficiency and binding capacity to red blood cell ergo a test would not be necessary or productive in my case however i can t shake the idea out of my mind i can t dissolve it or even compartmentalize it a i navigate through the day it s escalated to the point where it s infected every part of my conscious thinking and convinced me that i m no longer capable of achieving any of the goal i ve set for myself with my newfound profound disability that are only noticeable to me surely this is something so asinine so comically absurd that the idea should be laughed at the point of it conception why can t i disentangle the idea from my head it s put me into a state of complete inaction i m too paranoid to engage in any socially or mentally stimulating activity because i m terrified that the sting of observing my cognitive deficit in real time will manifest and i won t be able to articulate myself to anyone or anything for the rest of my life and the stuttering habit i never had that issue before never have i ever possessed an affinity for transposing syllable or stating sentence in incorreclty disjointed sequence i used to write quite frequently before this and conversely i feel an all consuming negation of my emotional affectivity and spontaneity my thought aren t being organically generated and i feel a if i have to strain to think of anything lucid or insightful is it natural to feel like your thought have been utterly attenuated and obliterated with anxiety is it normal to feel a if time is accelerating itself faster than your consciousness can adapt to it progression is it natural to feel former part of your identity and desire to become increasingly disfigured obscured and foreign to yourself the aforementioned friend that i spoke of no longer talk to me a we had a falling out with one another over a relationship that wa rife with gaslighting think of the breadcrumbing tactic some narcissist employ maybe that spurred the main causal effect for why i m patternizing my memory in the way that i am but pouring granulated lead into my liquor without me noticing or it producing any physiological effect that s laughable right
all i ever wanted was a friend because you long for something you do not have, right? as a kid when i was just 3 years hardly, i would look around and see others eating together, playing around with a friend. it is an age where you do not know anything and just be friends with anyone around. well, this was what i thought because you be having no understanding that time and be pretty innocent. we all say being an adult sucks but no, it sucks to be a kid like me. even at that age no one ever wanted to be my friend nor talk to me and it was because of this girl who had two sidekicks and they went around telling the whole class to not even talk or sit beside me. now, you go and tell it to the teacher or your parents or something but at that age i did not know anything and so just let that happen to me. i would just cry by myself and tryna impress her, tryna make her a friend but now i regret that, am angry at myself to be that girl and not kick her ass. i went thru such trauma from a very early age.that did not stop there, it went on for years and is still going but the only difference is i roast their fucking ass now but i do not want to be this girl. i have random breakdowns and my life became better when i got my first friend in my 8th grade. i started pouring out myself to him and i felt better but i do not want to do this anymore, i was not this girl who used to depend on others, he makes me feel weak. when i never shared my trauma at that age then why now? but here i am. that went till my fourth grade with her in my class. my things were stolen each time, hidden or just simply thrown away in the dustbin. in fifth, our classes were shuffled and i get this class teacher who hated me. she holds my face and scratches on my forehead with her pen. people never wanted me to sit near them, they felt disgusted to even lend me a pen. got a few fake friends till 7th later, which i already knew but i let toxicity in my life because for once, i was not lonely and it felt better. that girl who used to bully was this super cute popular girl who dated every senior and i never knew any, i never knew anything because i was so lost with dealing with these.and again, unfortunately we were in the same class again in 8th grade and this was when the seniors noticed me because i was in the same class as hers and all of a sudden, i get fame, became the girl every senior wanted while she was getting pretty jealous of me. i did not love that place either. i told myself to move on from all those tears she made me cry and when she hung around, i did not ignore but just spoke less and there was this day where we both were alone at an event and she decides to make me her accompany for the day and well, we both just looked out for ourselves. i do regret hanging around with her but i have always been easy to be manipulated and at the end of the day her aunt comes and pulls me by my arm with a tight grip and spits on my face telling me to stay away from her niece because am a spoilt brat. my eyes just teared up but no, i walked away. i was spoilt for talking to her boyfriend who her aunt did not even know about.she always got things so easy, friends, opportunities, guys, awards. not that she was good at it, because her aunt was the administrative or smth of the school and she was pretty. i had to earn every of those. and again, my only bestf was my senior who left the school and i am having to face those kids once again though we still talk and tryna meet up. it feels i will never be able to move on from this as i have always ignored i was going through this and today it just feels like a lot to ignore again. i do not expect anyone to read this till here, but if you did, thank you i have been broken for so long and now it is hard to put back those pieces.
i am 41. not sure exactly how i got here but i honestly feel cursed by god or the universe or whatever forces are at work. i have felt depressed for about 25 years now. and before that, as a child i felt different, weird, isolated, and alienated. i was 18 before seeking real help, when someone at my university asked me have you ever considered killing yourself? and it occurred to me that that was not normal . i have been on most of the major antidepressants. i have been hospitalized twice. i have seen countless doctors, therapists, psychiatrists, psychologists and still i am in the same place. i have reached out to tms and ketamine places but have not gotten anywhere. i have tinnitus and have taken a number of blows to the head throughout my life but never been sure if its related to the depression. i have a supportive family and even a great wife and i feel terrible for relying on them so much financially and emotionally while not being able to make progress. my main problem seems to be that i do not feel like i am a part of anything that is going on. i do not understand what is going on. i do not know what i am supposed to be doing. everything seems wrong and all i see is chaos and confusion. i am honestly trying my best to survive and thrive but it just keeps getting worse. i went to college because i thought i wanted to be a filmmaker. now i barely even enjoy films or it feels like every idea has been done. i knew i could not network or assemble a crew or any of the necessary things i would have to do. the most i was ever able to do was to make wedding videos.and hire maybe 1 other person. i decided to stop doing that, got a job editing short promos for tv shows which gave me a portfolio no one seems to care about. worked for local government creating media before getting fired for voicing concerns about noise in the office because i am so sensitive. then with no one hiring me, i had to go back to driving which i have done ever since i was able to work. i used to think driving made me feel free and i could be alone with music, podcasts, and my thoughts, but now i do not want to be alone with my thoughts because all i think about is killing myself all day. for two years, i transported dead bodies which was super depressing. now i work for fedex and its hot, noisy, and extremely strenuous. every time someone tries to help me with a job prospect it leads nowhere, to the point where i do not even want to accept the help. i have been rejected from so many places that it seems i would be qualified for. i look for jobs all the time and they all look really bad or do not pay much. and the process takes so much time only to be rejected at the end. i want to quit my job but only have spotty gig work to fall back on. i feel like a failure and that i cannot contribute financially.i do feel gratitude for the things i have. i have tried journaling, meditation, yoga, exercise, and plenty of the other things people suggest you do. but my mind stays locked on past mistakes and cringey moments. i beat the shit out of myself all day everyday and cannot stop. i compare myself to others, get jealous, and get angry that i cannot be normal or successful. and it feels like i am getting dumber, more forgetful, and harder of hearing when i need to have all my faculties working as well as possible. it just seems i am getting older and my life gets more sad and embarrassing. i barely want to leave the house because i am sensitive to the horrible things i see or situations i might end up in.i do not know what to do anymore. i am scared of getting older and how it could possibly get even worse. i need help but i cannot seem to get it. everything is out of reach. everything seems impossible. i have tumbled down for a long time and see no way back up
it s been a while since i ve had depression episode and i think it ha come back but worse i m the first daughter of immigrant parent therefore i have to be perfect and be an example for my little sister i m falling a class in college and can t seem to get my grade up i can t focus i can t concentrate i stay up until am doing homework and studying but even though i try my best i feel like i m not progressing i don t want my parent to think i m a failure i want to make them proud but i can t find the inspiration to keep going i feel like sh t anxiety haunt me everyday and i just want this to stop i want to talk about how i feel with my mom but i don t want her to have a bad image of me in her head she know i have depression and anxiety since i wa diagnosed but i told her month ago that i wa okay i m not now i know that if i tell her that i feel depressed again she s just going to tell me to keep going my mom is not a bad mom i love her she ha done everything for me but she doesn t show u affection it might been the way she wa raised but i need to her her say that she s here for me or that she love me i can t remember when wa the last time she hugged me or said i love you i don t feel appreciated in this house when i try to be friendly or make a conversation with her it always end up with her being mad i ve gone several time to her room just to hang out with her but it seems that bother her when i try and hug her she tell me to stop i know she ll be very disappointed in me if she discovers i m not doing well in my class she ha criticized me because of what show i watch if i m enjoying a video game too much she ll tell me that s all you know how to do why don t you do something else instead of playing your little game she hate the music i enjoy listening all i want is to have a mom daughter moment but it doesn t happen i ve talked to her about this several time she cried once saying it wa hard for her too and i understand hard i know it s hard having a touched starved mentally unstable daughter that s why i don t want to bother her with my problem when i happen to have a problem with a member of my family aunt uncle or cousin she ll always be on their side it s like she want to please them i don t feel heard im 9 and on my th and 9th birthday i cried i wanted to spend my 9th birthday doing something i wanted and my parent said yes that wa until my step dad changed his mind and choose to visit his sister on my birthday hour away hour city i wa mad i feel like i had the right to my mom told me that i didn t have to come with them that i could stay in the house until they arrived sunday night my birthday wa on sunday i choose to go because i didn t want to spend the day without my family i didn t got to do anything i wanted i wa pretty bummed my mom and stepdad noticed this and yelled at me saying i didn t had to be here that i could ve stayed in the house my mom did bought me a cake and ate it when i arrived home and i wa grateful for that my aunt and uncle noticed how my mom and stepdad acted on the day of my birthday and felt bad for me they told me i should ve stayed with them and they would ve took me to the mall funny how my mom go all the way out for his birthday or my sister birthday i feel like i m a failure to them i m not the perfect daughter they wish they had it s like they just gave up on me at least is how i see it every time i talk to my mom she look at me with an annoyed face when i told her that i m kind of struggling with college she shrugged and told me that it s my fully because i choose this career it s true but i wa looking for some encouraging or caring word i feel what i need is a break im sorry for over sharing but i can t tell this to my friend or sister i don t want to bother or worry them
about a year ago, i finally came to terms with ending it all. my final trigger will be the loss of my job. i was told 2 years ago that i will lose my job, but they keep stringing us along. its coming soon. i have cleaned out most of my house except for the essential creature comforts, it will be easy for someone to finish cleaning up. i plan to leave as little mess or trouble behind as possible. i am 38, and have been alone nearly my entire life. i have everything but love and affection. a very good paying job for now with one of the largest companies in the world, a house, 2 cars. i do not even look at my bank account, i know the money is there. i was born to older parents, they were married 30 years before i was born last of three and they hated each other. their relationship was strictly business by the time i came along, never saw affection between them. my sister was 10 years older and she was more like a distant relative. my brother, 5 years older, died in a car accident at 19. my mom died when i was 20. i was never close to my dad or sister, the only remaining family. we tried when my sister had a kid, but spending time with each other was like sitting in a waiting room with strangers. amp x200b i have always been the loser, the one to be picked on. i have been told since early on that i am ugly and creepy. it goes back early in elementary school when someone told a girl that i liked her and she cried. i spent my entire school career barely surviving panic attacks and anxiety. my parents never taught me how to take care of myself, i was the smelly dirty kid all the way through high school. i did not attend any sort of social gatherings, or even my graduation. no romantic interests from anyone. some how after high school, i got a girlfriend for about 2 years. still a dirty kid, i do not know how that happened. she left me, my mom died shortly after, and i started to learn how to groom myself. 15 years of zero romantic interest from anyone, from 20 to 35. about 10 years of that on every dating site, i paid for all the perks and crap. barely anyone will even talk to me. managed to get a handful 5ish of first dates over 10 years, never a second. one girl met me in the parking lot of a restaurant for dinner and literally said nope and 180'd to her car. at 35, i met laura online, and managed to date for a few months. she was, on paper, everything i ever wanted. there was something wrong, she was just so cold, zero affection. there was some things i knew would lead to a toxic relationship, and i broke up with her. i still feel that was a mistake. that maybe i could have been a better person. she was just sort of immature and, i do not know. she was in her 30's and lived at home with mom dad, was a teacher at the same high school she went to, she was just like a perpetual 17 year old.anyway, 3 years later. this past holiday, the 4th, was the first time in 3 years that i have seen anyone outside of work. i cannot socialize anymore. everyone is married with kids, i am almost 40 and have spent my entire life alone. i have missed everything, never taken a trip, no weekends away, no amusement parks, no beach, no holidays. how can i do those things without someone to share the experience with, is not that the point? i spend every holiday alone in my house watching tv. i have not celebrated my birthday, probably since my mom died 18 years ago, and that is only because she would bake a cake.i have cleaned out most of my house, i have severed ties with the few coworkers that i kept in touch with after they moved on. i have not talked to what is left of my family in almost 5 years. soon we will finish the final contracts at work, and i will be let go, and i will finally be free of the pain. almost to the final precipice
disclaimer i do not take antidepressants and i do not think ever will. i do not want to intermingle any ssri, snri or others alike with my current medication, adderall, due to concomitant risk factors.i feel like i am in a state of inertia i want to strive far and make progress in many different fields, and i am confident, but i do not take the steps to further reach my goals.i am 19 years old. just 12 months ago, i got my first job at petco. the experience was great i can proudly say i had a strong beneficial impact on both my peers and the people id meet on a daily basis. i was a very bubbly kid, a yes man with a smiling face, willingness to see each of my peers have a better day, and loved to perform beyond expectations.unfortunately, the store ended up losing people, and those that remained turned lax. i eventually alternated from animal care and occasional stock work to full time at the register alone eight hours a day. this schedule quickly turned me into a robot, marred my social enjoyment, and stressed me out. what made matters worse is that my boss wanted me to force customers to sign up for our rewards program i would always ask them, list the positive facets and whatnot, but there would always be people that just wanted to get there stuff and book it, and a lot that would get angry at me. i did not force people because i did not want to look more like an advertisement drone. the stress impacted my respiration, heart rate, caffeine consumption and sleep. to keep from saying much more of it, i disappeared early into may without notice.since i quit, i have been playing the same video game overwatch yeah i know for at least 6 hours a day, sometimes up to 12. i love it, and i find myself most content when i play it, primarily because i am really good at it. after about a month of routinely doing this, i started to think about how i have even less of a life than i did when i was practically a vapid husk at petco.my room is big. adjunct bathroom and everything. extremely comfy bed, relaxing strip lights, tranquil fan breezes... every person that has stepped foot in here has loved it. maybe its too comfy.my med stack is stupid big. its mostly composed of nootropics and micronutrient supplements dextroamphetamine amp. salts adderall 5 htp st. johns wort ashwagandha l tyrosine n acetyl cysteine sarcosine vitamins b6, b12 and d3 ginkgo biloba omega 3 magnesium cl. hexahydrate topical l theanine amp gaba calcium carbonate tums my diet is awful. i eat pizza, pb amp j and fast food. i wish i ate fish and nutrient rich foods, i really do. there is just something in me that tells me i will never eat it.i got my permit when i was 16. i tried driving back then, but eventually just stopped wanting to sometime before i turned 18. i am just scared to.i want to spend time with my friends and enjoy it, but after an hour of doing so i often end up wanting to isolate and tackle boring statistics or learn about some ridiculous topic just to do something.i wanted to go to college for pharmacology. my knowledge on the subject broadens every day, and i employ it to help people as much as i can and its worked.i used to listen to music. now i skip 80 of the tracks in my playlist. i used to feel butterflies within me when i spent time with my girlfriend, but even though i love her with every last fiber of my being, it does not feel the same.i have a novel presently with 50k words. i love my literary tongue, and i would love to pursue it, but i just do not.all i do is play that one video game and read.is anybody else amid an inertia like this? any kind of comment would make me feel good. i am not sad nor 'feel' depressed at all, but i am definitely plagued with apathy, and know that i am going no where in life. what am i missing?
i have had anxiety, depression and mental illness much of my life. i have not been able to get proper treatment at my local mental health clinic. in some ways they have helped me immensely. i have been able to get my pure obsessional ocd under control so i no longer have such bad symptoms. it still definitely is there and sometimes flares up a bit, but it is just faded background noise for the most part. in other ways my mental health has significantly deteriorated. in the mid 2010s i completely lost the self confidence i had gained during my time in college when i found my tribe and got better in my art skills. i could not finish college and had to drop out due to my mental illness and adhd and have been trying to get by as a freelance artist. i am mostly living on disability though and have not been able to earn anything close to a living wage. if i would attempted this without financial aid from the government, i would be living with my parents. and if my parents had not supported me, god knows where i would be. i would probably be homeless, which i know happened to a college friend of mine. his parents did not support his artistic pursuits and he had to quit school because they would kicked him out. my mental health is in very bad shape and has been for several years now. since 2017 i have been completely incapacitated by the co morbid disorders i have been dealing with. i have severe social anxiety, agoraphobia, body dysmorphic disorder, as well as adhd and autism spectrum disorder. i also have c ptsd. my parents have to drive me everywhere because driving terrifies me and i cannot even call a taxi because of my social anxiety and c ptsd which makes me terrified of being in a space with people i do not know where there is no quick exit sitting with a taxi driver would mean i would be unable to escape easily if they turned out to be mean i know it is highly unlikely but it still scares me. my friend had one experience with a mean taxi driver when she was in her late teens.so i had the crazy idea of trying out a drawing art video blog, as it seems to be lucrative and you tubers earn a passive income, which i think would be great instead of just relying on government financial aid. i want to do it but i do not think i would be any good at it. it actually seems impossible for me because even though i have decent drawing skills, i have no people skills. i am socially handicapped by my mental disorders. one of the main reasons i draw is because i have such a hard time talking to people and drawing helps make me feel more comfortable around them. i have no idea how i would ever feel comfortable enough to talk on camera and not scare people away. i do not want to be insincere or fake and pretend to be more talkative and bubbly than i am. i have actually thought of doing a voice changer thing or just captions as talking just scares the hell out of me. i am scared of my voice or name being recognized by bullies and being stalked and harassed in real life or online. i may try one video and perhaps not even post it but just get a feel for it and if it does not work i will not bother. it is a multi skilled vocation to be an art vlogger. you have to also have good people skills as well as video making skills. i hate the idea of only video blogging with the hope of earning money but hating people. i like it when the youtuber is genuinely friendly and acknowledges their followers and all that. i would not want to put people off with my unfriendliness from social anxiety and not responding to comments or messages, or turning off comments. i just do not really know what to do with myself. i am not cut out for this existence. i feel powerless, i am a mess and do not know how to prevent my life from going to sh t
it was a different day in a weird way, in an almost bad way. i saw someone explaining about once a person has mastered the art of acceptance, nothing can hurt them anymore. but that meant that the person had barely to almost no sympathy, i cannot see myself being like that especially to her. then later on i had a panic attack, i could not do anything it was a whole mess. the night was ruined. i was full of anger at myself, i was fully anguished. i accidentally showed that i was not doing well and was done with everything while talking to someone, i was terrified at what i had just done. my whole mind was a war zone, i was not thinking straight, this was the first time in a while i showed the emotion of not being able to handle it anymore to someone, i was scared because previous experiences especially with my ex did not end well, my heart was feeling every bit of nothing, just empty and shallow. but it did not end bad, i actually got a message about how much they cared about me, it made me feel a whole lot better but i still had to get because i felt as if i just embarrassed myself. in the middle of my heart tearing apart from the pain, it was nice. it was nice to even see that she would write its that much, yet alone she wrote me a paragraph about how much she cared about me. the past week i have been praying she would say something like that, i am so glad it happened because its still on my mind and its been almost 24 hours and i cannot get it off of my chest, its nice to see she cares so much. today i hate how i am so late, i am the wrong person who was here at the right time once, but now the wrong person at the wrong time. almost as if i got the last piece of the cake, which was tiny compared to the other pieces. i hate how people ruined her experience and i cannot get a chance with her nor her full trust, but its how life goes life is a whole lie. funny thing to mention she mentions how she likes girls and i am pretty sure its satire i think? but it does make me smile in a laughing matter but then i just realise that i really do not have any chances with her, i am just here. i have been unlucky my entire life leading up to this point, my dad hates me so much that i am not even hurt anymore when he says hurtful things to me its normal , my mum sometimes goes out of her conscience and supports him. but i feel so terrible, feel like a shitty son for hating them, and end up forgiving her and him, but then it happens all over again its a cycle of never ending pain. i have been unlucky for quite a while but if i am able to one day get her then ill be more than just satisfied, i just want to be her safe person. it would be a shame if i lost her to some other guy, even sadder if her jokes about her liking girls came true haha, but as long as that person can keep her happier than i ever could then ill be okay. i wish i could go back to the time when me and her first started talking, then till now, she is the most beautiful girl i have ever met, the most valuable smile and the most precious eyes, they were like gem stones but of an odd colour for a gem, i loved it so much when her eyes locked into mine, i was really floating. i messed up. i cannot make her happy and make her laugh like i used to be able to, i am losing the only bit of value to her that i ever had. i hope this nightmare ends one day, and i never wake up. i hope i get stuck between a nightmare ending and waking up, where i am waiting for nothing, just complete blank and am never able to make it out, my heart hurts more and more everyday, and i am too selfish taking care of myself and trying to heal that i cannot even help her. i not only wish to die but also feel like i deserve to. anyways, cya yesterday was a different day
it was a different day in a weird way, in an almost bad way. i saw someone explaining about once a person has mastered the art of acceptance, nothing can hurt them anymore. but that meant that the person had barely to almost no sympathy, i cannot see myself being like that especially to her. then later on i had a panic attack, i could not do anything it was a whole mess. the night was ruined. i was full of anger at myself, i was fully anguished. i accidentally showed that i was not doing well and was done with everything while talking to someone, i was terrified at what i had just done. my whole mind was a war zone, i was not thinking straight, this was the first time in a while i showed the emotion of not being able to handle it anymore to someone, i was scared because previous experiences especially with my ex did not end well, my heart was feeling every bit of nothing, just empty and shallow. but it did not end bad, i actually got a message about how much they cared about me, it made me feel a whole lot better but i still had to get because i felt as if i just embarrassed myself. in the middle of my heart tearing apart from the pain, it was nice. it was nice to even see that she would write its that much, yet alone she wrote me a paragraph about how much she cared about me. the past week i have been praying she would say something like that, i am so glad it happened because its still on my mind and its been almost 24 hours and i cannot get it off of my chest, its nice to see she cares so much. today i hate how i am so late, i am the wrong person who was here at the right time once, but now the wrong person at the wrong time. almost as if i got the last piece of the cake, which was tiny compared to the other pieces. i hate how people ruined her experience and i cannot get a chance with her nor her full trust, but its how life goes life is a whole lie. funny thing to mention she mentions how she likes girls and i am pretty sure its satire i think? but it does make me smile in a laughing matter but then i just realise that i really do not have any chances with her, i am just here. i have been unlucky my entire life leading up to this point, my dad hates me so much that i am not even hurt anymore when he says hurtful things to me its normal, my mum sometimes goes out of her conscience and supports him. but i feel so terrible, feel like a shitty son for hating them, and end up forgiving her and him, but then it happens all over again its a cycle of never ending pain. i have been unlucky for quite a while but if i am able to one day get her then ill be more than just satisfied, i just want to be her safe person. it would be a shame if i lost her to some other guy, even sadder if her jokes about her liking girls came true haha, but as long as that person can keep her happier than i ever could then ill be okay. i wish i could go back to the time when me and her first started talking, then till now, she is the most beautiful girl i have ever met, the most valuable smile and the most precious eyes, they were like gem stones but of an odd colour for a gem, i loved it so much when her eyes locked into mine, i was really floating. i messed up. i cannot make her happy and make her laugh like i used to be able to, i am losing the only bit of value to her that i ever had. i hope this nightmare ends one day, and i never wake up. i hope i get stuck between a nightmare ending and waking up, where i am waiting for nothing, just complete blank and am never able to make it out, my heart hurts more and more everyday, and i am too selfish taking care of myself and trying to heal that i cannot even help her. i not only wish to die but also feel like i deserve to. anyways, cya yesterday was a different day
i have been suffering from what i can only imagine is some kind of fairly severe depression for almost year now i m sorry if this post is hard to read i m new to redit and have been reading post in this sub and it just made me feel moved to share my story to start off my depression started almost year ago i wa in a wonderful relationship with this beautiful girl i had met in highschool and i had moved away to college but i still came home every weekend to see her everything wa going great and then over the course of a few week or month i don t even remember how it really started i just began to get more and more depressed at first i didn t think anything of it i m the middle child of other boy we grew up with a very abusive father until i wa when my mom took u and left and i just always through depression wa something only weak people got and i never fully understood it although now i know that my real father struggled while mental illness and sever depression anyway back to my story every in my life wa going great i had made new friend in college and my relationship wa going great i just could feel myself becoming more and more closed off and lonely even though i wa surrounded by amazing friend and family i began to fight with my girlfriend because she could tell i wa being distant we started to fight more and more the the distance only made it worse when i finally did open up to her all she knew to do wa tell her mother with made me miserable i hated that fact that i thought someone saw me a weak and i started to dread seeing her and her family a couple month into my depression and my girlfriend ha become the only person who truly know how i feel and is the only person i ever confide in then one day a close friend of my girlfriend commented suicide this absolutely destroyed her she became extremely depressed and started to have suicidal thought i then pushed all my problem aside and did my best to help her through her issue i took her to counseling and did everything i could to help her but she slowly got better and wa never the same and now with u both being depressed our relationship became miserable neither one of u were happy and we thought that if we split up maybe we would be able to find some joy in our life again so we broke up in made and these last 0 month have been the worst of my life she wa my best friend and the only person in the world i have ever loved it s gotten easier these past few month but i have lost all joy in my life everything i used to love i have no passion for anymore i m still in college but i don t every compete any off my work i never go to class i hardly ever sleep ill go or night sleeping maybe hour a night then ill just sleep hour straight i find no meaning in life anymore i just feel this giant empty hole in my chest that i can t feel my grandmother died last month we were extremely close and i never even shed a tear the rest of my family wa balling and i wa just sitting there with no emotion i m never happy i m not even sad i just feel absolutely nothing almost every other night i put my pistol to my head just hoping it ll go off because i m not man enough to actually pull the trigger i ve tried to move on and tried to get better i just don t know what to do and i have no one to tell i transferred college so i lost all the friend i had and i m too embarrassed to tell me family i ve read every self help book i can find and nothing doe it for me i just keep praying that one day soon god will take me off this earth because i don t know how to keep living like this i m sorry if this is too long and i know i jump around a lot and everything may not make sense i just wanted to get this off my chest and i m thankful there is a place for me to
today i am done. i really am done. i will be honest, i am a teenager, i probably have it easier than a lot of you here. maybe i will not be forever alone. but i need to rant, i need to get it out or it really is going to kill me. i am 16 right now, yeah pretty young i guess. back when i was 14, i dated this one girl, puppy dog love, but it was fun while it lasted. then i hooked up with another when i was 15, that is the extent of my experience.i have friends, they are a good bunch to be honest, but i feel alienated from them. all of them have had a 'glow up'?. what i am trying to say is that all of them have got something good going in life. some are hooking up, some are dating, you get the idea. but i am static, i do not feel anything has changed for me. i am still the same height, arguably the same face and i feel like a fucking loser. i am average at academics, a little bit athletic i train karate and boxing.well today i met my friends. all of them, our friend group involves my ex girlfriend if you can call her that. well they all sort of broke of into groups, taking pictures, videos and whatnot. i was the only one left out. me and my friend had planned to drop off my ex girlfriend back to her house. what i am going to say next sounds fucking hilarious but i thought maybe there is a chance for something there. well that went away as soon as she told some of my other friends that she is not really comfortable with me coming along. i have some self respect of course, did not push after that.i feel like this is the final straw. i have done everything, i workout i am in pretty good shape and my body reflects that. i speak confidently enough, i wear good quality perfume. i have a good dressing sense. that is what people have told me at least. but it is not enough, i have not gotten anything after my two earlier experiences. i had quit smoking a year ago. i started again, i have had a run in with drugs, and alcohol. have not let it mess up my life. completely quit drugs and i drink once a month.well i smoked again today, i am thinking of drinking again. might dabble with some safer drugs. i cannot do this shit anymore. oh i suppose i am a porn addict as well. i have tried to quit a bunch of times. but i always relapse harder. a lot of this may be my own fault, maybe i did something wrong. but it just feels as i have been assigned a certain role in life. a role of rough highs and lows, except there are no highs. my friends cannot really help me, they would not understand. these are supposed to be my fun years but they are not, i just want to die peacefully at times. i guess whatever i may do, i cannot beat genetics. maybe my face puts people off, my lips are slightly larger than normal i guess. probably my insecurity speaking.however, whatever i do and i think i have done everything, i cannot seem to climb the wall. i cannot seem to beat the system. i always feared being nothing in life, but now that i come to think of it. that may be my destiny. i think i will just slowly start destroying myself, i might get cancer or something but i will have some amount of fun while doing it. but that is about it, i want today to mark the day i give up. they say hard times make strong people, i am not one of them and so i suppose it is natural that i will be cut out of the gene pool. i just wanted to share this with you guys, i am still young but this feels like the end. i will end with something i have learnt from experience you can always fall further, and the pain numbs you at a certain point.i hope some of you make it out, i know i will not. also probably should add, depression sort of runs in my family, so take whatever i say with a grain of salt. i do not know what to do anymore
i have had a problem with building intimacy for years now. i have had a problem with cheating. i have had a problem with obsessing over my partner. becoming my partner that i cannot focus on my likes and dislikes. i have 2 failed engagements and cheated on everyone i ever been with in some form . they are attractive people and for the most part sane . all older than me by about 4 9 years. i realized i could not keep hurting people i loved or claimed to and i began self improvement not a fan of that word . i took time to learn skills by taking leadership courses online, learning arabic, serious fitness training, trading securities, biblical studies, competition running, cycling, significantly increasing my income and helping my family etc. i did not involve myself with a partner for about 1.5 years neither relationally nor romantically. more background but not relevant i reached a point of what others may consider success . i purchased a rental property and had enough in liquid funds that i do not worry about living expenses as much as i use to. i felt disciplined and in control but also like something was missing. i have youth, energy, but lack time as i know it will end one day and i will age. i see myself as an observer and do not attract many people socially. i have not put much effort into romantic or social relationships most of them have gravitated towards me. i do not know if it is my stare or my looks but i do know i struggle expressing myself verbally at times. most of the people i tend to avoid are those that bring aggression or some form of untreated resentment. i cannot tolerate a whiner or someone who believes they are better than someone else because of something material or circumstances they had no control over. boom covid and quarantine i realized the world is not meant for solitude and i craved interaction even if it was meaningless conversation about weather. i met a person online that i felt comfortable with going steady we saw each other casually for about 8 months before i proposed something steady, i told this person about my past and trust issues. childhood, etc. i have been in a relationship with this person for about 10 months now and my thoughts are re surfacing. i find myself of scenarios that play out and then start feeling as if they are true. adding color i work from home and i go to the gym every day after work. during work i could be focused on a task and once the task is complete my mind does not know what my partner is doing and it bothers me when i do not receive constant communication. i do not want to be needy anymore. i find myself thinking of driving to where they live to observe them just to check they are not cheating or something. i find myself thinking of entering their social media pages to read messages etc. my ask what can i do to lessen these thoughts and let go? i tried prayer, i tried meditation, i tried learning hobbies, focusing on myself and being okay with being cheated on. i do not know what else to do as it is becoming a constant pattern in my relationships. so much so that i do not know if i can continue my current relationship without hurting the person without intentions but through my thoughts becoming reactions.tldr i choose to cheat on people i love and get annoyed with putting up with them after a certain point. i focus on the initial stages a lot but then have trouble with my own likes dislikes that i start adopting their likes dislikes and get depressed. i want to stop the cheating and i want to build a normal healthy relationship but i do not know what steps to take. i have been to therapy, yoga, took meditation courses, i am a christian, pray a lot, exercise, etc. is it depression or something worse?
original text in german translated with google translator sorry for any mistake i hope it s still understandable unhappy with myself constantly comparing to others what do i really want need to get my life on track want to solve problem myself don t accept help don t say how i really feel say everything is fine even though nothing is fine gt pretend to myself dishonest to myself gaming training etc distraction self therapy i have the feeling that something is wrong with me everyday routine make me sick depressed every day at work and at home everything the same there must be more to life look for a sense in everything gt no sense waste of time aversion to social medium gt constantly comparing and seeing the perfect life of others make me sick thought what if i jumped off the bridge now or what if i would jump out of the window now what if i drove my car into the tree now obsessive thought suicidal thought constant dissatisfaction gt self improvement self optimization very present topic e g room training except in one s own head feeling i am different nobody understands me and nobody will ever understand me feeling of not being myself not knowing who how what i really want reactively bad relationship with my sibling why thought what if my father is dead would i be sad would i be happier thought i just want to smack my dad in the face for what he did to me and my family i m worth nothing i am a bad person because of my bad thought try to distract me from my problem youtube gaming etc if i m asked about it i don t want to talk about it avoid it mental breakdown in the car 0 0 0 on the way back from vocational school completely cry all the time and resolve to tell my problem and change my life when i m at home gt not done thought i m breaking off my education i hate my job i can t quit again i ve already dropped out of high school and college i m a piece of shit everything get better after training if i could do that summer 0 is now and my training is over i would do it no self confidence self esteem completely screwed can t express my feeling emotion erectile dysfunction because of depression very emotional video in which i find myself e g depression what do others think about me do they notice that i m weird different gorge on everything don t talk about my problem feeling of not living in the present but in the past lack of drive lack of motivation why am i doing all this what s the point unhappy feeling wanting to flee from the world and everything disease unresolved childhood trauma depression social phobia anxiety disorder alcohol problem obsession personality disorder who am i what do i want need a lot of love feeling to be loved at work feel uncomfortable shy and tense gt situation in which i sit in the car driving home and start screaming and banging on the roof i find it more and more difficult with other people to get in touch i m getting more and more shy and withdrawn i feel lonely and sad what happens after the training how doe it go on afraid of not making the exam no strength to do school stuff afraid of a lecture at school finally want to find me and be happy with me and my life mental breakdown christmas 0 with daniel and thorsten topic father mental breakdown at grandma in the garden with michael reason longing for day when i wa happy and carefree i m turning already and i still haven t gotten anything right in my life don t let any feeling get to me only laugh very seldom strong self doubt feeling in society there is no right place for me feeling of having to be perfect not accepting my mistake myself seek my luck in thing like alternative way of life world travel etc want to get away from materialism consumer society capitalism fast life
i am a wretched mess. i find myself to be a terrible fucking person. i started to feel better since a few months back but right now, as of the 27th of july of 2021 at 7 35 am in the morning, i am doing worse. i want to just take a shitload of tylenol and hope that i am not the 60 of people who experience pain during liver failure.i promised my girlfriend that i would get her help. shit, i got a panic attack brcause i could not get her an online meeting with a psychiatrist that could help her as soon as possible. i promised her she would be happy again soon. i promised her i would stay. i promised her that she would get better. but she is not. she is not getting better.i am the one making things worse, she cannot see it, but i am. the most recent argument left me devastated for no fucking reason whatsoever, apart from me realizing that its not something else that is the problem. its not that we both have problems. its mei am the problem.i want her to be happy and find someone better than me. someone that will not use manipulative tactics without realising. someone who will be able to trust her again easily even after breaking my trust once. but i broke hers for the better and that ended in a dumpster fire. all i leave behind is chaos. the bad kind of chaos. i need to pull out the weed from the flower patch by the root, so it will not grow again. i dom't want her to come with me. i want her to find someone better than me after i am gone if i find the courage to take more than two pills of tylenol and live those dreams we had with a proper man that will take care of her and can take care of her. i am sorry margarita. i am sorry that i have done all of this to you. i love you. if anyone can help, please do but i want her to let go so she will have less suffering, pain and toil than what she is currently experiencing with me. here is a small list or shitpost i did to explain a bit more the situation toss me away, i am the problem.toss me aeay i am the problemim the problemim the one limiting youim the one putting conditions to our lovei cannot bear drugs, you canim the one holding you downim the one using manipulation tactics without realizingyoure not the real problem, i amhow do i tell youhowi do not knowi do not know how tolet go, it will do you less harmwhen x in the equation is 0, everything else multiplied by that number will be 0i am x 0you are the equation bring multiplied by 0i multiply your problems let me goi promisei promise you that its one of the few things that you can trust me onill try and remove the problemand the problem is mei love you but let me goso you can have no tethers holding you down to wherever you want to goi am weak i am not strongwhy is that when i held a knife in my hand, i did not end it all? july 27th, 2021because i am too weak, that is all my eyes are tired and so am iof everything that i do, most hurts youi try to help but all i dois ending up hurting you more than anyone i want to close my eyes and fadeinto the unknown world of the pearly gatesor whatever i getbecause hell is what i deserve after every little thing that i have done, that is what i deservelet me go pleasei do not wish to harm you more than i have doneive done enough here, so please leave me beleave me to torment myself and finally find the courage to relieve you and meof the pain to be with meyes, thr last part rhymes because i got aome shitty witty inspiration. but please help me either to find the courage to free herself of thr unknowing misery she is in or to help rewrite my whole fucking self.thank you, for reading so far random stranger, and i hope your life turns out better than mine has been so far. i want to do it, but i cannot get myself to do it
depression sucks, i think we have all established that at this point. i want a hobby. there are so many things on my life that i get mildly interested in. i spend weeks dwelling on how to begin a hobby before eventually losing interest on even starting ot convincing myself that i am not going to do good at it so why bother. or, if i am lucky, i try it, and enjoy it looking at you crochet and then lose interest in two days. i want to learn spanish and now would be the perfect time to learn it. where i work we have a lot of spanish speaking customers, and a lot of my coworkers speak spanish. i could get a lot of practice, and there is no better time to learn it than now. except my brain is so stupid. i feel so stupid, i cannot remember anything, or focus on anything for any amount of time. not only that, but i am also terrified of saying something stupid, or looking like an idiot. to be fair to myself it takes years to learn a language, but i have such a thin skin right now. yesterday i went for a walk around my neighborhood. it was actually the first time i walked around it in a long time. nearing the end of it i got whacked in the face by a bee, jumped, swatted it. right in front another person. i felt ridiculous, like i was swatting at nothing like a crazy person. trying to save i face i remarked that i hate bees with an awkward laugh. she awkwardly chucked and walked away. instead of being proud of myself for going for a walk alone i spend that rest of the day feeling like a dumbass. i do not hate bees at all, bees are lovely little pollinaters who help the planet, but now this women on my neighborhood might see me again and think that i am the crazy chick who hates bees.i want to backpack europe one day. and i keep thinking that i am never going to do it. i am worried about it being another regret in my life. i could have done it but never did. just another causulty of my depression.i want to go on more hikes. i want a friend to do it with. i love walking but i do not like going on walks by myself. i am still nervous about it, and honestly it is better having someone there with you. i do not want to talk the entire time, but it would be nice to have company while strolling along and listening to music.speaking of music. i have so many albums on backlog that i have not listened to yet. i want to listen to them, but i like listening to new albums the whole way through on the first go. so i save them until i am ready and have enough time to thoroughly enjoy them , but that never happens even though a majority of my time is spend in my room doing nothing. i have not learned to drive yet. i have tried and i am scared. i feel like my anxiety is going to because me to over react and because an accident. it would be great to drive, then maybe i could go out and do things. but the thing is that not driving should not be holding me back this much. i do not need to drive where i live. sure, it would make life easier, but there are plenty of busses or ubers and even trains that i could take into the city if i wanted. but i do not. i go to work, i do some schoolwork, then i sleep and maybe i will eat if i am lucky while convincing myself that maybe next week things will change.my last semester of college is going be this fall and i feel like my entire world is crumbling because i do not know what i am going to do when it ends.i am overwhelmed, and i am bitter and irritable and angry and judgemental all of the time. and i am sick of this shit. i already regret my life, and i feel like in five years from now instead looking at younger me and saying everything will get better i will just be as resentful as i am right now. i want a hobby among other things.
when i was fifteen, my emotions were pretty concrete like words emanating from an angry mouth, with no retrieval. each syllable sounded so clear like listening to the rustling winds while staring at the moon and being stuck in one place as the ages progressed. various emotions clearly demarcated like boundary lines separating countries. the world was at peace. love meant love. sadness meant sadness. happiness meant happiness. there was not any intermixing, any mixed races.pain was a traveller transcending, moving, relocating, staying and leaving i run out of verbs. pain was a libertine, leaving bits of it in every emotion until they forgot if they were themselves or just fragments of pain. moving about the emotion fabric, creating ripples and breaking barriers, it started tearing my emotions apart. the world seemed to be gathering arms for an impending war.as i got back up, still staring at the moon hearing the rustling winds as if they were violin strings creating music in the air ages had progressed. my emotions had lost their colour turned pale with freckles all over them, like craters left on the ground by she will bombings.distortions and clarity are not really akin and thus my emotions became a distorted clarity it was holding on to edges of sanity as its world crumpled in doubt. i was eighteen and i could not differentiate between love and sadness.it stretched and tore apart reaching the limits of insanity, trying to be sane. my emotions became half distortions, half sanity and i stood somewhere on the boundary of two. the new sanity did not look like the fifteen year old one. it had new ideals. it did not believe in love. it loved sadness. happiness was once in a month movie treat. hope had a one day expiry clause.the new distortions were still confused about what the post 2a.m i love you meant. people said it all the time but acted like you were only meant to be loved post 2a.m.it was not half sanity, half distortion. it was full pain.by the time i turned twenty, i stopped looking at the moon. i closed my eyes and listened to bach play concerto in d minor, lying silently in my room. my emotions had a new shape without distortions, fully sane. i stared at the fifteen year old me. i smiled as a tear trickled down my cheek.the new emotions founded nostalgia tragic. they had their own ideals. they were coloured with different paints. pain was no longer a libertine. it was a colonizer.on a particular day in my life, when i had started believing in my new concrete emotion like sisyphus finally accepting his fate, someone removed the band aid and the wound was still bleeding. it dwindled, trying to erase itself from existence. it no longer knew what it meant. happiness seemed like a foreign language and there was no translator. it succumbed waiting to die, but it was covered in bandages. on days, people just termed it as mid life crisis. it was no longer a crisis. it was a war destroying everything.the war is over. yes, its over. but you need to know it was not a war destroying everything but a god creating something new. the new emotions are beautiful like a symmetric circle rising up into the heaven looking much like a divine halo. it is no longer countries called happiness or sadness or love or hope or pain. its one huge continent named life, mixing everything in a perfect blend. when the worlds broke, a tiny broken part formed a small ring overshadowing my emotions and on days, nothing is beautiful. it is just my fears and my insecurities and everything dark, like a distortion.on days, i wonder if it is my emotions hiding my insecurities or the other way round. but at least the war is over. there is no distorted clarity. age of emotions
normal ly, i have ideations about it but now they are at their strongest. i am finally hoping that i die. i will not be the one to make sure it happens but i am going to pray for it, preferably in my sleep. some may think its for the dumbest reason ever but that just makes me feel even more alone. yesterday, after having a really fun night, my fucking brainless dad decided that would be the best time to tell me i got a standby summons for jury duty next month. i had so many plans set for this month but now they are all ruined. i was planning on having a birthday celebration next week, might not even do that anymore. i really wish he told me the week of or just a few days before but now the suspense is killing me. i am not a normal person. i know other people do not like jury duty either but they just suck it up and do it anyway. ever since i found out last night, i have been taking depressive naps and i think i am in a depressive episode because i have not been able to smile or do anything that brings me joy. it just stays in the back of my head 24 7. like i said, i am not normal . i have major anxiety especially when it comes to government related stuff. obviously i do not do anything against the law, i abide by it so its not like i am worried about being convicted or anything like that. its just that when it comes to the dmv or jury duty or the tsa or anything like that, you are expected to know everything and know what to say and where to go and when to speak and what hand to raise and all that. if you do not, you look like the outcast and typically everyone else knows. it does not help that the employees are normal ly rude as fuck which gives me even more anxiety. right now its on standby but i guarantee if i do get called to go, i am going to be at the wrong stand at the wrong time or i am not going to speak when they ask me to or i am going to accidentally speak when they were asking someone else. and then they will slam the gavel down, yell at me for contempt of court or something like that. its not like a line at starbucks where if you accidentally cut it, the barista will calmly tell you where the line starts. perfection and flawlessness is expected in government related stuff, which gives me stress since i am flawed and imperfect. i asked one of my friends how he got out of it he told me his fiance will help him get out of it a couple months ago. he said he did not get picked. while honest, he then did not give me any reassurance and said that they make it nearly impossible for people my age mid 20s to get out of it. i have checked reddit and literally all of the advice is either silly or somewhat serious but still requires you to be there regardless no email or anything like that.my mom who was angry at my dad for picking the worst time to tell me the news is now yelling at me and mad at me for being depressed. she is just telling me to not be weak.getting out of it is looking to be impossible according to friends, family and the internet. i have no one on my side to give me reassurance during this extremely difficult time. i have a job that requires me to do constant work and this week was actually a relaxing week since my boss was not in for most of it, and i just had to find out this horrible news during this difficult week. i am almost done with all of my coursework for this semester but now there is no incentive for me to do it as efficiently as before since the jury duty date will be during my break. i really wish i did not know until a few days or even a week before. life just feels like never ending stress to me. so i am hoping i can get out of it by just not being alive. that would be great. i finally wish it will happen.
i do not use reddit at all but i just wanted to share what i am going through and hopefully someone can take time to read this and reply because i do need some type of support from another person. i am 19 and i have always had underlying issues like anxiety or this impending sadness that i have always pushed to the side growing up as a teen because my parents have never even talked about mental health. i even was diagnosed with adhd as a kid but my mom has a huge stigma on mental health and told the doctors i am just a kid. i thought it was normal that growing up i would get extremely nervous before doing anything simple tasks. i also would get distracted so easily and was never able to sit down and do work at school home. my mom was also emotionally abusive at times and would rarely hit me but when she did its over things that she should not be putting her hands on me for. thinking about it high school was a dark time for me but at the time i did not feel that bad about it until it caught up to me after i graduated. my mom is a great mother but she has never listened to my opinion and has always kept me in a box. she was a helicopter mom checking what i do all the time and this led me to have little to no social life in high school. also my highschool was so sick and twisted i could go into a whole other post about it. i kept telling my mom to take me out of that school but of course she never listened and forced me to go to a school with only about 200 300 students. the students all acted way younger than there age. the seniors would act like 6th graders and it was just such a weird and confusing environment. i am very angry at my mom but i do love her immensely so when i turned 18 that is when a lot of my issues caught up with me. i was unhappy and unable to even speak to people. my anxiety became worse when i would start shaking before even speaking to somebody. i started to notice that the friends and the people i knew at the time are not what i am looking for in friends. i do not know if that is my depression making me think all my friends are not people i want to be around but regardelsss i pushed everyone away. while going through such a horrible phase my 18 year was hell. my mom thought i was changing and being cold when in reality i was just really really down. she made me feel bad for the way i was feeling and still does till this day. i had no social life or any friends because i pushed everyone away. one positive about my 18 year is i finally found my passion but i wish i discovered myself earlier. i also have zero idea how to start. now i am 19 and my anxiety and depression have become debilitating. i quit my job and i am in my room all the time with no contact with ppl besides my online friends i was in my room all the time in high school too . i have now become distant to my family and i feel so distant from everybody. i have daily intrusive and very sad thoughts 24 7. i am already getting therapy but i feel so bad at times. i right now cannot imagine myself having a job or going to college. it almost seems impossible to me. i also judge people so much and think that i am above others in my head but i truly know its because i am unhappy with myself. my mom is extremely judgmental too so its hard for me to do things i like without her judging me. i just need someone to talk to, ill try to reply but i might forget i even wrote this post or be too nervous to reply. i need advice about my my mental health,social life, what i am interested in, and about my old friends in which i pushed away out of both my own choice and my mental health. i do not know where to get started. just need to speak about what i am going through long post
i do not use reddit at all but i just wanted to share what i am going through and hopefully someone can take time to read this and reply because i do need some type of support from another person. i am 19 and i have always had underlying issues like anxiety or this impending sadness that i have always pushed to the side growing up as a teen because my parents have never even talked about mental health. i even was diagnosed with adhd as a kid but my mom has a huge stigma on mental health and told the doctors i am just a kid. i thought it was normal that growing up i would get extremely nervous before doing anything simple tasks. i also would get distracted so easily and was never able to sit down and do work at school home. my mom was also emotionally abusive at times and would rarely hit me but when she did its over things that she should not be putting her hands on me for. thinking about it high school was a dark time for me but at the time i did not feel that bad about it until it caught up to me after i graduated. my mom is a great mother but she has never listened to my opinion and has always kept me in a box. she was a helicopter mom checking what i do all the time and this led me to have little to no social life in high school. also my highschool was so sick and twisted i could go into a whole other post about it. i kept telling my mom to take me out of that school but of course she never listened and forced me to go to a school with only about 200 300 students. the students all acted way younger than there age. the seniors would act like 6th graders and it was just such a weird and confusing environment. i am very angry at my mom but i do love her immensely so when i turned 18 that is when a lot of my issues caught up with me. i was unhappy and unable to even speak to people. my anxiety became worse when i would start shaking before even speaking to somebody. i started to notice that the friends and the people i knew at the time are not what i am looking for in friends. i do not know if that is my depression making me think all my friends are not people i want to be around but regardelsss i pushed everyone away. while going through such a horrible phase my 18 year was hell. my mom thought i was changing and being cold when in reality i was just really really down. she made me feel bad for the way i was feeling and still does till this day. i had no social life or any friends because i pushed everyone away. one positive about my 18 year is i finally found my passion but i wish i discovered myself earlier. i also have zero idea how to start. now i am 19 and my anxiety and depression have become debilitating. i quit my job and i am in my room all the time with no contact with ppl besides my online friends i was in my room all the time in high school too . i have now become distant to my family and i feel so distant from everybody. i have daily intrusive and very sad thoughts 24 7. i am already getting therapy but i feel so bad at times. i right now cannot imagine myself having a job or going to college. it almost seems impossible to me. i also judge people so much and think that i am above others in my head but i truly know its because i am unhappy with myself. my mom is extremely judgmental too so its hard for me to do things i like without her judging me. i just need someone to talk to, ill try to reply but i might forget i even wrote this post or be too nervous to reply. i need advice about my my mental health,social life, what i am interested in, and about my old friends in which i pushed away out of both my own choice and my mental health. i do not know where to get started. just need to speak about what i am going through long post
normally, i have ideations about it but now they are at their strongest. i am finally hoping that i die. i will not be the one to make sure it happens but i am going to pray for it, preferably in my sleep. some may think its for the dumbest reason ever but that just makes me feel even more alone. yesterday, after having a really fun night, my fucking brainless dad decided that would be the best time to tell me i got a standby summons for jury duty next month. i had so many plans set for this month but now they are all ruined. i was planning on having a birthday celebration next week, might not even do that anymore. i really wish he told me the week of or just a few days before but now the suspense is killing me. i am not a normal person. i know other people do not like jury duty either but they just suck it up and do it anyway. ever since i found out last night, i have been taking depressive naps and i think i am in a depressive episode because i have not been able to smile or do anything that brings me joy. it just stays in the back of my head 24 7. like i said, i am not normal. i have major anxiety especially when it comes to government related stuff. obviously i do not do anything against the law, i abide by it so its not like i am worried about being convicted or anything like that. its just that when it comes to the dmv or jury duty or the tsa or anything like that, you are expected to know everything and know what to say and where to go and when to speak and what hand to raise and all that. if you do not, you look like the outcast and typically everyone else knows. it does not help that the employees are normally rude as fuck which gives me even more anxiety. right now its on standby but i guarantee if i do get called to go, i am going to be at the wrong stand at the wrong time or i am not going to speak when they ask me to or i am going to accidentally speak when they were asking someone else. and then they will slam the gavel down, yell at me for contempt of court or something like that. its not like a line at starbucks where if you accidentally cut it, the barista will calmly tell you where the line starts. perfection and flawlessness is expected in government related stuff, which gives me stress since i am flawed and imperfect. i asked one of my friends how he got out of it he told me his fiance will help him get out of it a couple months ago. he said he did not get picked. while honest, he then did not give me any reassurance and said that they make it nearly impossible for people my age mid 20s to get out of it. i have checked reddit and literally all of the advice is either silly or somewhat serious but still requires you to be there regardless no email or anything like that.my mom who was angry at my dad for picking the worst time to tell me the news is now yelling at me and mad at me for being depressed. she is just telling me to not be weak.getting out of it is looking to be impossible according to friends, family and the internet. i have no one on my side to give me reassurance during this extremely difficult time. i have a job that requires me to do constant work and this week was actually a relaxing week since my boss was not in for most of it, and i just had to find out this horrible news during this difficult week. i am almost done with all of my coursework for this semester but now there is no incentive for me to do it as efficiently as before since the jury duty date will be during my break. i really wish i did not know until a few days or even a week before. life just feels like never ending stress to me. so i am hoping i can get out of it by just not being alive. that would be great. i finally wish it will happen.
hi, i do not know how to talk to anyone face to face about these thoughts i have, i tried to speak to my mum recently but she did not really listen and advised me to speak to a professional and insists they can help but i already tried that and it did not make any difference. i have been in a state of apathy and disconnected from my self for so long now and keep making decisions that are detrimental to my life as a whole that i cannot do anything anymore to get better. i am currently out of work and have been for a while, the idea of going back into work scares me as i have had several back injuries and i am so passive around others that i never end up doing well at my job or in social settings never get past the superficial stage and any authority figures and cliques in the workplace intimidate me. i was made redundant from a role early in 2020 and have not been in a good head space since, i kind of was marginalised at that job and was made to work isolated alone for a long time and it took a toll on me mentally but as i needed income stayed there.i did not fit in and the guys at work spread rumours about me, made fun of my work and made me feel pretty bad really, i thought at times they were mocking me while i was there to each other in a kind of coded way which i believe is true now as on my last day the other guys all knew i was getting fired and they were making indirect comments in ear shot of me but no body told me anything concrete even the one guy that i thought maybe was a friend did not say anything.not long after losing the job, i had another significant back injury 3rd time i have slipped a disc my nan fell ill and sadly passed away alone in hospital due to the pandemic rules of no visitors, the first lockdown started, i also had to move out of my living arrangements to a camper van in a truck yard and have basically struggled to function ever since.for around a month now i have spent more or less the entire time in my room and just order takeaways. i have no income and cannot imagine how i can go back to work.i have had nightmares about that job and although i have worked since it was extremely hard and void of any enjoyment at all to be honest, i had a brief 6 month stint with a small building firm afterwards but as i have not been in a good head space i think the boss took advantage of it and did not stick to his end of an agreement we made when i started and his daughter who annoyingly could not even read a tape measure or use a saw used to pick on me a bit and make smart arse comments to me, i can only think this happened because my mental state was pretty clear and did not really back myself up very well and because it was the bosses daughter figured it would not be in my interest to tell her to fuck off. the role there ended after i spoke with the boss about a pay rise because he never stuck to his side of the agreement, which he agreed to but shortly afterwards told me there was no more work on. i made a deal with myself that i was going to really apply myself there so i know my work ethic and workmanship was on point so this has only compounded my negative thoughts about my life and how i view my self really...most of my social interactions are now riddled with paranoia that people are secretly mocking me and even memories i have from before that are now in question, as if my perception of these memories are incorrect or if i have been in a deluded state for years, i cannot continue to do this for much longer and cannot see a realistic way forward. it is been well over a year since i have felt like this now. what is going on...i do not know what to do. just venting thoughts and wondering how i can get past this
tl dr have been abused mentally and physically by both parent throughout my childhood and even now at year old very depressed and have suicidal thought failing school and have poor social life afraid to fight back because it will end up in conflict someone getting hurt and me getting kicked out of the house for the millionth time i still care about my parent for some reason and love them i dont know why and am hesitant to go to authority i have nobody to move in with not much money no car what do i do am i a coward i am currently in my second semester of community college i have lived through physical and verbal abuse throughout my entire childhood asian family beaten the crap out of every other day by drunk father my mother is mentally unstable and controlling and also hit and insult me don t want to get into specific because it would be lengthy and there too much but let just say the worst thing my father ha done to me wa crack my head against a table and i had to go to the er to get staple lied and said i knocked my head into the table by accident my mother burned me with a hair iron when i wa around ten and she say stuff like i am worthless should have never been born etc daily i am not a bad son very respectful my parent just have a lot of issue that stem from being abused from their parent too and are very controlling for much of my life i thought this treatment wa normal for example my mother would start hitting me if i didn t address her a mom when talking to her when she felt moody stuff like that not warranted last semester i took difficult stem class to be an engineer and on the morning of my calculus final my drunk father punched me in the mouth and i bled because i did not wake my brother up for school when he overslept i failed the final after that i told them i wanted to join the marine because i wa sick of home they apologized and promised to change they still talk shit to me but haven t hit me until last week my mother socked me in the back of the head for leaving the light on in the staircase of the house i felt betrayed since this is the first time they hit me in three month and i thought they really did change i screamed dont touch me and glared at her fist clenched and got wrestled to the floor and swung at by my father then kicked out of the house only allowed back in the house yesterday after sleeping on a park bench the whole weekend and eating fast food they called me and told me to come home they apologized but i know they didn t mean it just like every other time i am hesitant to fight back against my parent because apart of me still love them and who they are when they aren t angry i also know if i yell back or hit back never hit them before i would get kicked out of the house so i just take it i want to separate from them but i have nobody i could move in with and my depression affected my social life throughout my childhood with few friend that are all dorming at uni across state other extended family believe i m a bad kid because my parent twist the story around and make it look like i m the bad guy not close with any of them i have no car all the money i got from financial aid and scholarship my parent made me pay off their property tax the only thing i look forward to in life anymore is when i talk to a girl i like in one of my class never told her about my situation everyone i have opened up to this about tell me that i m being a pussy and should fight back but that would get me nowhere but back on the street or possibly hurt and injured and i don t want to hurt my parent what do i do am i a coward i just feel like life is not worth living anymore and i have lost all interest in school and my career
i 17nb have been dealing with depression and anxiety for the past 5 years. at the end of this school year, i thought i was finally cured i thought i found my purpose, rediscovered hope, and made really good friends. that all came crashing down when a relative passed away due to the current worldwide issue. for the past two weeks i have been feeling the worst i have felt in a long time. the relative who had passed away was not very close to me herself, but her passing changed my parents and turned them verbally abusive and now i hide in my room all day to avoid talking to them so i do not get screamed at for the most mundane reasons. along with night terrors which i have been dealing with for months, i have been crying daily, and have been not letting myself sleep and isolating myself from many of my friends as a form of sh since my mother checks my skin daily. moreover, i did not even notice at first but i started restricting and then binging and this style of eating mixed with my lack of sleep and anxiety about my home life landed me in the hospital for newly developed health issue.anyways, i have started trying to manage my issues. i set controls on all my devices so that they do not let me use any apps from 11 pm to 7 am, and i have also been making myself eat 5 really small meals per day so i can keep everything down while eating enough. the only issue i have been having is reaching out to my friends again. i am in the bay area, and restrictions are easing despite the increasing cases and new strain concerns. i managed to open myself and my issues to a really understanding friend of mine, and he invited me to go to sfo with this group of friends, and while i am glad to have been invited, this trip is causing me so much anxiety and i really need an outsider's opinion.on one hand, i really want to go. i have not been around people in so long and i feel like if i do not talk to someone who is not in my family i might explode. on the other hand, while this friend group has been nothing but nice to me, they make me nervous. like, i am not a very popular person at school i have been kind of bullied up until like last year. this changed when i made friends with this group, who is very well known and quite popular, and people started treating me better. while they are all very nice, i feel insecure when hanging out with them because they have always been more popular, more attractive, and they are super close with each other so they make inside jokes and reference past trips they have made while i feel left out. once they even forget that i am with them and did not include me in a conversation for almost 3 hours. i feel like if i do not go, i am going to feel depressed and horrible that i did not go on a fun trip as teen that i can talk about once school starts and i am going to feel jealous they got to bond without me. but if i do go, and they all have a lot of fun while i am trying to keep up with the convo, i think i might burst into tears on the spot.then there is also the fact that my parents will not let me go at all, first of all because of increasing cases in the area and the new strain, but also because of my health issues mentioned above. i know this seems like a super first world and stupid problem but all these issues colliding into this one weekend trip is causing me severe anxiety and i feel unable to think. what should i do?tldr dealing with probably my lowest point, trying to get better, invited on a trip with sort of friends, idk whether i should go or not due to mental and physical health issues as well as worldwide issues. tw grief,slight sh, ed it keeps coming back and never ends advice would be appreciated
feel free to ignore this, i do not have a single person to talk to but i got to get this out. i'm so exhausted and i do not know what to do anymore. my whole life i am almost 24 i have been a tool and punching bag for various ppl, but mostly my mom. i have never gotten to figure myself out because my life has always revolved around my siblings i am the oldest, and since we never had a decent father figure around that meant i was the second parent... or first, a lot of the time. all i know how to do is take care of kids and clean... i do not have anything going for me no skills i can bring to a job. i could not even finish college because i have to keep taking care of my siblings, and now i am doing that all day almost every day. i cannot even get a crappy job to attempt to support myself, there is no time and i have no car . the vast majority of my life is caring for kids and cleaning up after my whole family apparently i am the only person capable of running dishes in a timely manner and taking out the trash... cleaning the whole kitchen and maintaining the house in general. if i do not do it then it does not get done i cannot tell you how many times the trash has overflowed into a pile almost knee high on the floor, how many times the sink has been so full we could not begin to wash anything in it yet had no clean dishes . i absolutely understand that i got to pull my weight around the house but considering i do damn near everything at this point... i am just a maid nanny combo that is not being paid or respected.speaking of being a nanny, that aspect is especially rough this time around. i am currently in charge of two kids the others i have done raised already, they are adults now , one five and the other seven. the seven year old has adhd which i have handled before with a different kid, that is not a problem for me and... odd. i am in no way equipped to handle odd, yet here i am trying my best while maintaining the house as if i am a single mom who signed up for this. i never did though... i did not birth these kids, i had no say in that decision. but here i am, taking the role as if i made this choice.i dunno what to do anymore. i am so incredibly stuck because of my mom's many, many mistakes. at this rate i am never going to be able to move out, to get a job and support myself and find out who the hell i am and what i want to do in life. i have no friends i can talk to about this stuff ppl always abandon me. no one truly cares about me as person or even other things, like what few interests i do have. i am totally alone in all this and i do not think i can keep going. i have tried so hard to push through all the abuse and nanny maid work for most of my life for the sake of my siblings but i feel like i am losing my mind... and i am scared that i will be entirely fucked once these kids are grown and i am finally free since i cannot even remotely get a job at freaking 24 years old. i feel completely screwed over in every way and i do not see the point of continuing when my future is so incredibly bleak. i am so tired, i am at my wits end and nobody cares or even notices i have tried explaining to my mom and grandma but both say that i should just suck it up and help as much as i can since i am still living here. i am the only one helping though, no one else does shit around the house , i have little time to myself and it just does not matter. i do not matter outside of what ppl use me for. i am sick of it and i am severely depressed. i am not even going to get into all the abuse, that is a whole other thing.if anyone read this and has any tips please please comment i am so lost and sad and alone. just venting i guess
as the title says, the week of july 12th was one of the worst in my life. i feel completely defeated at this point and i just want to give up. i have been seeing a psychiatrist and therapist for the last 7 years, and, for awhile, it was helpful for me. we found a good cocktail of medicine that helped me feel normal , and helped me function with my day to day activities. but, around the end of may i noticed that my meds just were not as effective as they once were. i have to state that i have been suffering from depression, anxiety, and ptsd since 2003. i have also been suffering from insomnia in varying degrees of severity since then as well. i cannot stress how absolutely miserable it is to want nothing more than to sleep and not be able to.so back to the 7 12. i had been visiting my family for awhile since i have been working from home for a year and half, and i did not want to be alone every single day. plus, i missed our family dog dearly. so it was great to spend time with her. while i was home, i also got a dog for myself, just, the sweetest little thing. but low and behold, she was born with a genetic condition that requires she get a total hip replacement. that is going to be 8k after all is said and done. i do not have that kind of money. not at all. anyway, when i left to come back home to take care of things here, i left my dog behind because her surgery was scheduled back where my folks live and i did not want to stress her out with a lot of back and forth travel. when i left, i did not get an opportunity to say bye to our 15 year old family dog. i figured i was coming back for my dogs surgery in august, so id see her then. and then i found out my family had to put her down on 7 12. that little dog meanteverything to me. i have been used and abused and discarded by people all my life. my family not my nuclear family, but the rest , my friends, everyone. but that little critter loved me unconditionally. and now she is gone. and i did not get to say bye to her. furthermore, my dog is slated for surgery on 8 12, one month to the day of the other dogs passing. and, while i am not superstitious, its still causing massive anxietyjust in case anything happens to her. when i got back home i found a new psychiatrist id changed insurance earlier this year. however, he does not accept insurance and its 500 a session. i researched psychiatrists in my area and hes highly recommended and rated. and i like him. however, the costyeahalso not helpful for my stress and anxiety. we also changed my anti depressantwhich now costs me 400 bucks a month. again, cannot afford any of this. my weekly therapy is 130. i earn a good amount of money but i happen to live in one of the most expensive areas in the us, so my income does not go too far. so i have just been panicking. i am in a ton of debt. i have been trying to do everything right to help better myself. but every time i start to make progress it gets derailed. i have gained about 90 pounds in the last year. and i cannot seem to lose it or change my dietary habits because its so hard for me to care when i feel so exhausted. my job sucks, i am paid 60 of what i should be earning in my field as an entry level position though i have been doing this for 7 years . i have started looking for other jobs but its just exacerbating my anxiety. like, to the point where its crippling. i feel like i am barely holding it all together and that, at any moment, the dams going to burst and ill just spiral. i do not know what to do anymore. id love for all of this to just be over. i am just so tired. i have had some of the worst weeks of my life and i am just so tired, deflated, and defeated.
hi all i m a 0 year old male with diagnosed anxiety depression and add a form of adhd minus external hyperactivity i m not entirely sure what this post is other than i d just like to share what i feel like often i think it would be interesting to hear if this is relatable to anyone else or if i can possibly provide some form of way to help others understand how they can explain what they re dealing with firstly a majority of my life is cut short due to the symptom alone of anxiety sweating profusely is by far the worst for me a it stand already i have a condition called hyper hydrosis simply meaning that i sweat far more than normal this combined with my feeling of anxiety no matter how big or small mean i m constantly sweating a i type this i m having to wipe my screen dry my under arm are dripping etc and all i m doing is sitting down anxiety come with ton of insecurity and in my experience hygiene is the biggest killer i shower everyday which is relatively normal but due to the amount i sweat i often have to rinse myself to feel clean again more often than not i ll end up needing shower within hour because of this i can t enjoy myself being around people knowing that i potentially smell due to my severe sweating this tends to mean jacket and long sleeve to prevent any possible smell being noticeable and of course in return the extra layer mean even more sweat without dragging on too much on one topic here this applies to thing like breathe skin cleanliness teeth condition etc almost everything you can be insecure about i m insecure about it add will often feel this is a best a i can personally describe it like there is some sort of ticking clock that is always close to hitting 0 even when thing are going slow or i m feeling relatively relaxed i often feel a if i m pressured by time in some sort of way this by itself is a nightmare to live with not to mention the never ending trouble that come with add but that s more subjective to me so i ll move on now having that combined with my anxiety is sometimes unbearable the most simple of task for example pulling up arriving somewhere and grabbing your bag and belonging before stepping out the vehicle it s never that simple people are waiting for me i need to hurry up my mum want to go home i got ta speed up i need to hurry up there s other driver probably being forced to stop because i m gathering my thing and so on often will end up in such a panic that i ll leave the car leaving behind a large amount of my item answering a phone call for whatever reason phone call send me into such a panic that i automatically hang up at any given moment it could even be mid sentence i always feel incredibly rude and it s the exact opposite of my intention a with my anxiety being a good person and not being judged or disliked is something so important to me phone call alone i have 000 thought going on make sure you sound interested you re gunna freeze up oh god it s going to get awkward am i speaking too much am i trying too hard with it okay just relax i can go on for a long time these are just some odd example of ton and ton of thing that i deal with and what everyone here deal with a well really i just hope this post ha given someone an idea that they re not alone with it which is a statement i find relatively comedic a nobody truly know how you actually feel and they never ever will however even in feeling alone you still aren t alone nobody is alone my heart go out to every person that deal with this can only apologise if any of this is hard to understand or isn t very clear putting thought into word is something that i think we all find probably the most difficult thing to do
in this war i have waged inside my head, i begin to wonder what aspects have truly changed by my own will versus the changes that must be forced to be seen as socially acceptable. amp x200b i have come to understand that every area of psychology focuses on only a few key areas of supplication. those areas being this notion of fulfillment, extravertedness, emotional control and a generally positive disposition of others as a whole. amp x200b these 4 areas are explored more in depth through the practices of what is defined as shadow work which is related to carl jung's concept of the shadow self. it is also similarly explored through something referred to as earned secure attachment or esa for short. it is also the most fundamental aspect of cognitive behavioral therapy cbt as well as every modern form of therapy. amp x200b these 4 aspects, used to bombard the mind with thoughts and ideas that would encourage appropriate behavior. to supplicate the soul. amp x200b allow me to divulge on each of these 4 aspects of self. amp x200b fulfillment, being our most fundamental drive for purpose and reason. we often associate things such as power, finances, family, friendship, intimacy, attachment, love, acts of fulfillment such as in the arts music, drawing, painting, photography, etc . reasons for existence. amp x200b extravertedness our ability to maintain several outside connections. to be mentally safe and open around others, to rely upon others and allowing others to rely upon us. amp x200b emotional control emotions are messy and difficult in most occasions, thus you are asked to refrain from allowing certain emotions to be exposed or expressed. on the surface it is a rather simple notion. do not speak with rage, do not be jealous, do not be malicious. however, as with anything involving human interaction, it is more complicated than that. you might see this in someone is emotional response to death being laughter, or a person's reaction to rejection going nuclear and resulting in aggression or isolation. such things are generally frowned upon and hence, rejected. amp x200b positive disposition to others you are required to view others in a generally good light. that others are worthy of trust, can be relied upon, are capable, are as conscientious as you are, things of that nature. amp x200b these are the measures of supplication. how well your mind has been beaten into submission. how well indoctrinated you are. these ideals of old do not ask about who you are nor what you want from this life. they are a rigid standard and if you do not adhere to it, then you must be sick in the head. there is no other solution. amp x200b however, knowing this, knowing that you desire to have some place in that system. to have those attachments and the security of it all. there are only two variables when it comes to the mind. amp x200b either you are, or you are not. as much as they say there is no black and white their entire foundation of psychological understanding is built upon a black and white system. i do not say black and white as a reference to skin color, just to be clear. it is a measure between what is versus what is not. amp x200b so how can i figure out who i am when i know who society wants me to be and in knowing what is expected of me, how can i have that flexible sense of self and individuality? i know the biases that are present and i know the results they want to see, but what if that is not who i truly am? or what if it does not matter? what if who i am is nothing more than what i am told to be? amp x200b there are only two roads. that of supplication and that of isolation. supplication
it is going to be a long one. my parents have a tough relationship and i am very used to them quarreling. since when i am about 16, they got into a particularly big fight which i witnessed many arguments. although they never fight physically or used foul language, the way my mum talks is extremely offensive, degrading and condescending. my dad tends to be the weaker one in our family and would be the one who compromise usually though not easily . i did not realize how have all these affected me until i got into university i am 21 now and lived on campus, never once thought life would be so stress free and peaceful without them.since i am small, my mum stemmed the idea in me that i must compete for her love with my younger brother, and for a long time i disliked, even hated him, possibly because of all the constant competition and comparing going on. an example would be that if my mum and i are in an argument, she would verbally express affection for my brother and make sure i know she favors him over me. although probably my dad and my brother disagrees with her actions, her long time dominant role in our family made them turn a blind eye in these cases.going back to my parents, in the middle of almost all of their arguments, my mum would definitely ask me to take a side and have to condemn my father outright. if i do not do so, she would make me a villain as well and i would have to apologize or get scold at later, although the matter of the argument does not relate to me at all. i hated to be squeezed in the middle of their fights and would often cry and scream for them to shut up. very hurting words like you should just go die your dad does not want you anymore or it is all your fault still rings in my ear although years have passed after them. probably a few months ago, i found myself getting extra irritable to noises, and not once i got so irritated i almost cried when a friend is talking to me though i had a long day . i also noticing having more frequent thoughts of skipping social settings and wanting to just curl up in my bed. in addition, i also have stronger feeling than ever that my boyfriend would just leave me, again for no reason. it is another question which i always ponder at, whether i am insecure in romantic relationships due to my family or past experiences, since my past bad experiences could be related to my family too? but that is for another day then recently, i cried in a restaurant eating with my parents since they would not talk to each other nor to me after quarreling about trivial matters. even if my mum would respond to some of my questions, it would be expressed in a sour and rude manner. i just felt like i am being treated like shit for nothing. sadly, although they both saw me crying, they pretended that they have seen nothing and carried on with their lunches in silence. i could not stop crying and ran away, which my mother came after me saying things like why do you have to make a big fuss you did not stand up for me when i was in an argument , etc. i did not look back and went straight to my boyfriend.days after, till today, i still have bad mood swings that made me want to cry in public, feeling empty anger that i do not know the reason of. i am tired even though i slept a lot and did not want to talk at all. i have been through phases like these years ago but never this strong. what is my problem and should i get help? what can i do in the meantime? thanks for getting through this whole thing, as english is my second language, i hope the grammar is not too bad. thanks all i think i have depression but i am not sure, can anybody help?
this post is not going to be about my vivid and memorable bad experiences, instead it is going to be more general but if you want to learn about my current mental health status, read this post, it will be helpful so, as i remember, it is going to be my second post in here i just hope that i will not be ignored again, as just like the first post... as the title goes on, i especially hate my generation not because i feel different from them, just because they are so cruel, shameful, and disgusting as i see more hateful things done by people, from this generation, i just want to take my local gun and put a bullet in my head i am a sensitive person, and i have situationally both predisposed and bound or cued panic attacks i am being affected so much by tragic deaths, broken relationships, unexpected depressing messages, and much more crisis triggering things... i will give you a current example of me being in depression, feeling low, and why there is a known event going on these days, a crime which happened two years ago has just went popular on social media again, it is going to be her death anniversary on 14th of this month shortly, just after two days i do not want to give out more details about the murder because i feel bad and uncomfortable with it, and i will explain the connection between my sadness and this event. on her instagram account, there is a picture posted two years ago today and when i went to the comment sections, of all posts, they were just so many disgusting and hateful comments there were people telling that she deserved it, and some of them also making fun of her death and another strange thing was, there were so many people from my country flooding the comment sections, which is so goddamn strange and yeah, some of them were trying to be like the other foreign people and making hateful comments, and the other half was just acting like they have known the event for a long time after seeing those things, i once again, hated world and especially my countries people, then i learned that the people from my country were coming from tiktok , and from a recent popular hashtag in my country i feel so bad and sad that they are people out there, using these types of events to receive more likes and followers, to receive more attention and yeah, do not you ever ask me again why i hate social media so much, especially tiktok . i got affected by the event so much and those comments, they was the spice of the thing now i am feeling so damn low that i just want to end myself, i am done with everything, i just want to go and stab the murderer in the neck so many times my anger about this type of events are just uncountabl, and because of my character and psychological personality, i always blame myself for such things and hate myself because i am not or were not able to do anything like, i do not even want to continue to this article, i just feel low and do not want to type things on the keyboard... you got the point this event was just an example, and the fact that i have much more things going on on my life right now i am not suicidal, but i will not hesitate if i get a chance to end myself too... no matter if or how you just want to reach out, i will both answer to all of your comments and dm's please do not hesitate to ask such things, they can be related to anything, i would love to answer your questions and clean up those question marks and also, please do not also hesitate to share your thoughts, completely... my only wish is, just do not be too offensive thanks. the world is a bad, disgusting, and a hateful place i want to end myself just because of this...
i am not looking for sympathy or kind words. i just need to briefly open the vent that i so frequently forget is closed.have you ever seen one of those charity coin spiral devices? you would put a coin in, and watch as it spirals down. it would go slowly at first, then pick up speed as the circumference becomes smaller and smaller, until an audible chink, and then silence. it reminds me of a black hole a one way journey to the centre. well i am somewhere on that spiral, maybe not at the bottom, but far from the top, and past the event horizon from where no matter returns. i guess in a sense we are all on that spiral, but i feel much further down than i should be at this point. as i sit at home on my computer, slowly deteriorating, having been to therapy twice and both times removed from the service for missing appointments, all that was interesting or exciting is blown away by the most gentle of winds, and all that remains is an empty she will of what once was. i am, by choice, disconnected from society, and i despise the human race and the brutal foundations it so delicately rests upon. i have problems with my stomach which mean i have such little energy that everything feels like a lot of effort, and i am in pain most days. the doctors cannot find anything wrong, and i have given up trying to find an answer or a cure. i loathe everything about myself, and by everything i really do mean e v e r y t h i n g! from the way i look, to the way i interact with people, to every nuance that defines who i am an incomprehensible number of variables. as i do not like interacting with people anymore, and having largely withdrawn from society, i have also begun to neglect my hygiene and my health. every day feels like groundhog day waking up and maintaining myself for nothing, just to live another day in pain, a pointless expense of energy which i can no longer afford. many days now i eat one meal per day, and struggle to find the energy or will to have a shower and take care of myself. i am beginning to be able to describe myself as christian bale from 'the machinist', but less productive at least christian goes to work every day and forms some type of relationships. i eat when my stomach allows me to, i sleep when i pass out from tiredness, i wake when the birds become too loud to ignore, and i leave the house when absolutely necessary. i feel sorry for anyone that i befriend, as i know i will lose interest eventually, have an episode where i do not want to talk to anyone, and will inevitably just stop talking to them altogether, so i have stopped making new friends as it is not fair on them. i infrequently talk to the one or two i still have, and make excuses often for why i cannot talk today . i struggle to make long term goals as i do not see myself being here long term. when i think into the future, i see a make believe fantasy of what could never exist, nothing even remotely tangible given reality as it is precursor, and so i prolong my existence with video games and make believe a distraction, a way to delay the inevitable. but as soon as i exit the video game, the day dream, the false fantasy, and remove the veil of distraction, i am thrown back into and reminded of the world in which i am expected to be happy, in which i am expected to be grateful, a world that i am expected to enjoy, but do not. every day i see the spiral steepening, and feel my speed towards the centre increasing. i am not sure when the slope of the spiral will become to steep to maintain my spin and drop me into the darkness of the unknown, but i am slipping. a spiral into the inevitable
i was about 14, 30 now when i was first diagnosed with depression and put on anti depressants. i used to do this thing where i would come home from school every day and cry from the moment i walked in the door until i fell asleep at night. i would literally go about my entire day, dinner, homework, whatever, crying. obviously, that is not normal , and i really internalized that it was not. but my life at the time was also not normal . i had a very abusive childhood and my emotional responses were all normal of a kid in my situation. and now when i think about all that it just makes me fucking angry that my family's reaction to all of that was to put me on anti depressants when it was pretty clear what i was depressed about. there was not anything wrong with me or my brain. the problem was my situation. for 15 years it is been the same story. try this drug, try that drug, go to this therapist and that therapist and rehash the same shit over and over and over again. nothing really works, because really, very little has changed other than the medications and therapist. i still have a hard time being with family, and i hate feeling completely trapped in the state and country i live in. now that i have finally got a job that pays well enough for me to take a step back and see what i want, i realize that what i want is to not spend 40 hours a week for the rest of my life working. it is a total scam. and i think it is the real reason a lot of people are depressed. it is a depressing system we live in so much so that they have to drug us to keep us from killing ourselves. after all, who is going to do the work if we all just off ourselves? i have been on more anti depressants than i can count and i truly believe it emotionally stunted me. your emotions are supposed to be like an ocean. mostly calm, but sometimes there are waves. for me, if i was not on something, they were always a total tsunami. i really think this is because i was on anti depressants at such an early age when it was important for me to be learning how to deal with those on my own. i did not and it really fucked me over as an adult. recently i was put on abilify, which seemed fine until i lost the ability to laugh at or enjoy anything. normal ly i would describe myself as a very passionate person, but that is all gone. i stopped taking it two months ago. i still cannot really hold long conversations. i do not really give a shit about anything. i guess my point to all of this, is that i think a lot of us who are depressed actually have fairly good reason to be. i do not think it is just some disease that is just happened to become common in humans recently. it is a result of how we are living our lives and what we are able to do. i have always internalized my depression as something that was just my fault, but i think it is really just a result of not being in control of the world around me and not really being able to do anything about all the problems in it. we were never supposed to have 24 7 news about every fucked up thing that happens in the world blasted at us constantly. i hate going to the store and knowing that merchandise could literally be called not made by slaves but it would totally be made by slaves. our systems make it nearly impossible to live ethically, and that is too fucking depressing for medications to fix. i have no solution for this, i just think maybe sometimes depression is actually a justified response to fucked up world. not advocating for not taking meds, obviously there are people who need them. i am starting to think there is not really anything wrong with me..
i was about 14, 30 now when i was first diagnosed with depression and put on anti depressants. i used to do this thing where i would come home from school every day and cry from the moment i walked in the door until i fell asleep at night. i would literally go about my entire day, dinner, homework, whatever, crying. obviously, that is not normal, and i really internalized that it was not. but my life at the time was also not normal. i had a very abusive childhood and my emotional responses were all normal of a kid in my situation. and now when i think about all that it just makes me fucking angry that my family's reaction to all of that was to put me on anti depressants when it was pretty clear what i was depressed about. there was not anything wrong with me or my brain. the problem was my situation. for 15 years it is been the same story. try this drug, try that drug, go to this therapist and that therapist and rehash the same shit over and over and over again. nothing really works, because really, very little has changed other than the medications and therapist. i still have a hard time being with family, and i hate feeling completely trapped in the state and country i live in. now that i have finally got a job that pays well enough for me to take a step back and see what i want, i realize that what i want is to not spend 40 hours a week for the rest of my life working. it is a total scam. and i think it is the real reason a lot of people are depressed. it is a depressing system we live in so much so that they have to drug us to keep us from killing ourselves. after all, who is going to do the work if we all just off ourselves? i have been on more anti depressants than i can count and i truly believe it emotionally stunted me. your emotions are supposed to be like an ocean. mostly calm, but sometimes there are waves. for me, if i was not on something, they were always a total tsunami. i really think this is because i was on anti depressants at such an early age when it was important for me to be learning how to deal with those on my own. i did not and it really fucked me over as an adult. recently i was put on abilify, which seemed fine until i lost the ability to laugh at or enjoy anything. normally i would describe myself as a very passionate person, but that is all gone. i stopped taking it two months ago. i still cannot really hold long conversations. i do not really give a shit about anything. i guess my point to all of this, is that i think a lot of us who are depressed actually have fairly good reason to be. i do not think it is just some disease that is just happened to become common in humans recently. it is a result of how we are living our lives and what we are able to do. i have always internalized my depression as something that was just my fault, but i think it is really just a result of not being in control of the world around me and not really being able to do anything about all the problems in it. we were never supposed to have 24 7 news about every fucked up thing that happens in the world blasted at us constantly. i hate going to the store and knowing that merchandise could literally be called not made by slaves but it would totally be made by slaves. our systems make it nearly impossible to live ethically, and that is too fucking depressing for medications to fix. i have no solution for this, i just think maybe sometimes depression is actually a justified response to fucked up world. not advocating for not taking meds, obviously there are people who need them. i am starting to think there is not really anything wrong with me..
i 26m am having a lot of difficulties finding happiness in life. my father was an artist and a violent alcoholic. i tried to learn art to impress him, thinking he would choose me over drinking. that did not happen, his drinking and abuse got worse, and i think i experienced fight or flight almost daily during my formative years. my parents separated when i was 11 and he died when i was 18.nowadays i have no self esteem whatsoever and i experience extreme anhedonia that is only alleviated when i am romantically desired by someone. i am always fine at first after a breakup, but when i am single and experiencing only rejections for a few months it starts to feel like i am lying to myself. i have been trying to make myself more desirable by working out, practicing yoga, writing music, etc. i also realized i was a massive doormat, being whatever i thought my partner wanted me to be and agreeing to everything. i think both the doormat behavior and the need to be attractive are symptoms of my abandonment issues and the need to protect myself by controlling others.i understand i need to let go of control, but i am not sure how. i think when i am condensed to a bio and a few photos on a dating app i should sell well 6'5, beard, hiker, yogi, musician, engineer, building a startup in my free time, funny, good listener, etc. but when i try to be authentic i see no success. the only ways i ever feel anything that even approximates being wanted is by settling for women who do not like me for me. i am a huge metalhead, a fantasy nerd, and in touch with my emotions and almost every woman i meet treats those as negatives.i feel like i have two choices enter a bad often abusive situation but suspend the anhedonia and become able to progress again. set healthy boundaries, realize that even the most basic boundaries eliminate every potential partner, and watch the life i built up crumble due to depression.i understand that to break out of this dilemma i need to be able to reject women who are not good to me, and for that i need to be happy when i am single. the problem is that i am doing all the things i love, quite literally running out of ideas on how to make myself happier, and it makes me feel nothing. the more i do the things i love the more i convince myself nothing will ever be enough. do you have any advice on controlling the anhedonia so my single life feels worth living?ps i have got a lot of problems with my inner voice being incredibly critical of me. lately it has been feeding me all kinds of hypotheses to try and explain my failures. i figured that attractive people are desired by everyone so they are spoiled for choice and start putting the interested into three categories those they would actually date, those they would use, and those they would not even bother using. for men that use looks like hiding their true intentions to have sex with women they do not view as their peers, and for women that use looks like getting free dinners and fancy gifts from men they do not view as their peers. i figured i am only good enough to be used by the users, and the genuine women out there who do not use people simply do not find me dateable at all. i thought the way to fix this was to get hotter but now i am really anxious about what i will do when i have a six pack and nothing changed. i was wondering if you could explain why i am wrong so i can get that inner voice to shut up? i do not want to fall into misogyny, but i feel like i cannot come up with any counterarguments to convince myself otherwise. how do i overcome anhedonia without a romantic relationship?
i am embarrassed to write posts bc my posts do not really get any recognition now so i end up just deleting them 5 mins after writing them lol idk why i am writing this i just have nobody to talk to at all but i am cringing rn just writing it. i need 2 get a journal or therapist bc the only way anyone would listen to my problems is if they were getting paid to do so or if they r an inanimate object who cannot say shit to me about being a whiney baby anywaysi have 1 friend who has ditched me bc he recently met someone on tinder. he will literally only talk to me when he is not occupied with some guy hes seeing talking to, whenever one does not work out within a week he has someone else so this happens all the time. i have never had a real true friend who has my back n i honestly believe at this point i have never experienced authentic relationships or friendships bc every one i have ever had has been fucked up n i am convinced i am incapable of loving being loved loli cannot stop eating fucking shit and cannot make myself work out. i am not really in danger of engaging in harmful behaviours i would say, its just posting this type of shit on diet subs receives the wrong type of comments from ppl who do not realise i have an eating disorder i am not even sure if i am in relapse anymore or what its like i just do not give a fuck anymore but i am getting fatter and fatter and its making me more depressed, the only thing that brings me joy or comfort is food, i eat bc i am depressed i get even more depressed when i eat n gain weighti cba to talk to anyone except my friend who is ignoring me, my family text me and i ignore them its a chore to reply to them and exhausting trying to act normal and i cba to tell them about how shit everything is for me rn. it pisses me off bc my friend is studying to be some sort of mental health nurse therapist type person and literally the advice he gives me is to just help myself .... i am starting to really dislike him and resent himall i do is sit at home all day until i have to go to work on fridays saturdays and sundays, its absolutely exhausting because i am shy and quiet and introverted and work with the public in a very intimate job so i am constantly having to be fake and polite and talk to people all day about shit i literally could not care less about all i can think when i am talking to someone is how much i want to be in a quiet room rn by myself and nowhere near them. i finish one shift and i am absolutely drained mentally and physically and completely exhausted. i had a pretty traumatising experience the other week where a guy came in for a massage i work in a spa and he got an erection during this and was being really weird with me and inappropriate and its really grossed me out everyone pisses me off and grosses me out i am so spiteful and mean nowadays i cannot stand to be around anyone i have the shortest temper and my patience is non existent whether i am driving, at the supermarket, talking to my friend or family etcat night i cannot sleep because my mind races and i am just so upset and fed up all of the time everyone i do socially interact with i just do not even want to talk to themi have not been on medication for a number of years now which did not even work but considering contacting a doctor and asking to be put on medication bc i do this shit completely alone i do not talk to anyone about shit i do not take medication and i am just fucking sick of carrying all this bullshit on my shoulders 24 7 i am just done n sorry for swearing so much i just cba !! embarrassingly long rant lol
i could not sleep tonight so i wrote it out and threw it into the void hoping that will help somehow. what is your name? i ask her i am your rival, she replies i pushed myself further back into the old red pews, they squeaked at my movement. the guy beside me stared at his phone. i do not remember you, i say. what happened to you? she asks me.i look down at my hands. i do not want to be here, i do not want to have this conversation. i barely wanted to come into this building in the first place. i snuck up here to avoid the other kids my age. the guy beside me looks up at the girl with a calm but stern expression. he does not seem too excited about randon conflict popping up out of nowhere. dawn, it does not matter, he says. he is asian, my guess is philippino. his hair is short, he is about 5.8, muscular build with the aura of confident athlete church guy if that is a thing. you remember her, do not you? insists dawn. the guy frowns. i lower my eyes, feeling deeply self conscious. this is why i did not want to come here in the first place. back in this place so much of who i was was shaped here. i stood on that stage and will always vividly remember making people laugh so hard their faces were red. i got second place. i was 11. i lost to this girl, i guess. i did not even remember her name. i think she sang that song from walk to remember. she must be older than me. i do not know why she thought i was her rival. although i was clearly better than her on that stage she did win the talent show so who really cares? some things happened to me, i say. who did this to you? she asks leaning her face in closer.why is she still talking to me? whoever it is i am going to go after them! she says. i frown. that does not mean anything to me. people think i look so different, so much darker, hide in the corner and keep my hat or hood over my face, and avoid performing unless i have to, is because i was raped or beat up at work but i was not. and i do not want anyone to harm those who made me this way. i think, anyway. i am sorry to disappoint you. i am not the rival you wanted, i say.she sits down beside the guy shoving me over closer to the edge of the pew. the guy puts his arm around her shoulder, i guess they are dating. i sigh inwardly. i was supposed to be like that, you know. i was supposed to be in the cute church couple with the pretty voice and the charisma. i was supposed to be on dawn's level. turns out i am some antisocial emo chick still in her room reading manga with her headphones in and a keyboard. please do not look at me, dawn. please do not scrunch up your nose and make it so obvious that i am not the same person i was. i am sorry i disappointed you. i cannot bring myself to tell you about it, and you have not earned it anyways. it does not really matter, it is just defined me and completely remade me into whatever this is. i am not your rival anymore. i do not belong here anymore. please do not sympathize with me. i do not want it. do not be angry, do not be sad. do not be anything. forget me. forget who i made laugh, forget every cringey, funny, cute, strange thing i did here. i only came here to learn and sing quietly. i came early to find my seat to avoid such interactions. i get up, i feel anxious squished by the perfect couple. i do not remember where i went. just the corner of the room, like a theater in that room i was not supposed to be in anymore. i hope you win again, dawn. i hope we never meet again. i feel guilty for how i turned out after trauma and last night i had a vivid dream about it. it scared tf out of me
when i was barely over the age of one, cps took me away from my birth mom. needless to say, i was found in a terrible state. the very first family to take me in as a foster child, eventually they were able to adopt me when i was 3. sadly though, i was forced to continue my relationship with my mother throughout the years i was a foster child, which was ultimately detrimental in how i ended up. luckily it was a closed adoption, sadly though, the parents who had adopted me, had divorced a few years later. my mom got me and the other kids, while occasionally we would see our dad. though, my mother would rarely let me see my father. it was obvious from the start, i was different from other kids. i look back on it, and i realize just how much of a struggle i had to deal with. i attended special classes for my speech impediment, i was always getting bad grades and i just did not understand anything. instead of getting me help, my mother did not believe in medicine or doctors. i just recently found out that she knew i always had add, but never told me. she would ground me for not crying when someone i did not love, would die. i was always getting grounded and i was never allowed inside the house. no matter how hydrated i would get, she would not allow me inside, and she worked me like a slave. only ever cleaning when i was inside. eventually i ended up living with my dad and his new wife when i became a teen. i ended up getting caught having sex, and my father who was extremely strict, grounded me for years. i started getting treated like i was a dirty person, and that they would not feel comfortable allowing such a person around their kids. and to this day i am still treated like this. what more, i went back and forth between my mom and dad, eventually i was kicked out before i could graduate and have struggled ever since. i always struggled with depression, but as soon as i became an adult, i started truly feeling suicidal and depressed. i started coming out to my family, who i have always had a rocky relationship with, and was always shut down and told to stick it up. they ignored my pain and suffering, and i refused to ever ask help from any of them. but my sister would always have my back, she would make sure i would not be homeless. and now i just find myself in a rut. i am in the first relationship i have had for years and its terrible. he deceived me into believing he was someone else, and like an idiot, i feel for it. he is made us get into tremendous debt, and now i find myself the lowest i could ever be. i have no motivation and i know i just cannot keep doing it anymore. i am tired, and i do not care to live. i do not care what happens after this, i just want to be set free from this misery. i also cannot help but resent my father, he has so much money yet he refuses to help anyone. he says to work hard, even if it means work 24 7, since he is an alcoholic. but i just struggle so much, and the fact that he is out there spending ridiculous amounts of money on the dumbest of stuff, but not on helping out his child that is struggling so much, who finally admitted to him that i have been suicidal.i have come to realize that all the abuse i went through as a child, has damaged me in a way that i can never hope to be normal . i still have a speech impediment, but i have learned to become the silent character. i know that i have some form of autism, i have looked up all the signs and i have worked so hard to understand myself. i do not want to be here anymore, and i guess really, i just want to be heard. wanting permission to die
so this reason i am upset is yesterday my friend grayson who has many metal heath problems locked themselves in the bathroom i opened the door and they wear crying with a knife in there hand and i took it from them and then i put my hoodie on them and we had to lie to their parents and say that they threw up there not supposed to throw up cuss they have a tube in their stomach and then her cousin called me and when to me and gray and yelled at gray and gray just keep holding me and then savanna told me to fuck off and that it was not my business but i could not leave gray when they wear crying like that then once everyone calmed down gray told them how i stopped gray from killing themselves if i was 2 minutes later they would have been died then savanna thanked me for saving gray and then i went to my site and my mom yelled at me for drama and for helping cry my mom called gray selfish for doing that but my mom dosent know that i tried to die many times and then i cried my self to sleep and told my mom everything that was going oni texted gray telling them that i would not see then again anytime soon and said i love you to them and deleted it but when gray said i love you too my mom says really is she ur new lesbian friend or something and i am like no mom i care about herand then my dad and mom went out side and talked about me but i herd everythingi almost tried to kill myself last night but i wrout in my diary to calm down then i cried myself to sleepevery time i see the hoodie i let them wear yesterday i get a flash back of gray almost dieingand when my mom start raising her voice even just a little i panici was if i got there any later they would have been diednot only did i had to put on a brave face and be there for graysonmy 19 year old cousin was talking with her mom and her mom talked to my mom so then my mom got mad at my cousin and my cousin dee did not know what to do so i have to help her write a note to say to my mom and i had to talk my mom hears how the convo when the is what my mom saidhi mom dee wants to talk with you privately idk is she going to be a mature adult about it yes i believe that now you both have cooled down and dee has had water she wrote down what she wanted to say. then mom said ok and to give her a minute then she when out into the living room where me and dee wereis dee dee is mom i me is just normal text10 16 amso mom sat down and dee said aunt denise i am sorry for not coming to you i went to mother instead i am not used to having someone else to relay on pls forgive me . i know but you lied to to ur mom and told her that i yell at you and that you always get into trouble that is not true ur lieing to ur mom and ur lieing to urself then dee said ur right then i just sat there and let them talk. then mom went back to her roomthen mom told me go into there roomso i did and then she said how that i have bad friends at that i should not care so much and i am crying and i said i know i should not care so much but i try to fix them because i need to distract myself from my own issues and own thoughts. then dad gives me a hug and say its ok ur learn that not everyone can be fix i said i know i try so hard to fix others cuz i know i cannot fix myself cuz i bury my thoughts so deep down that i forget that i have then and i care so much about other becuase i wanana fix what i know i cannot fix about myselfi almost tried to hang myself last nightbut i new a few days ago that i was stuggling more that normal so i handed my stirng to dee and she hind it pls help i am only 13 idk what to do
so this reason i am upset is yesterday my friend grayson who has many metal heath problems locked themselves in the bathroom i opened the door and they wear crying with a knife in there hand and i took it from them and then i put my hoodie on them and we had to lie to their parents and say that they threw up there not supposed to throw up cuss they have a tube in their stomach and then her cousin called me and when to me and gray and yelled at gray and gray just keep holding me and then savanna told me to fuck off and that it was not my business but i could not leave gray when they wear crying like that then once everyone calmed down gray told them how i stopped gray from killing themselves if i was 2 minutes later they would have been died then savanna thanked me for saving gray and then i went to my site and my mom yelled at me for drama and for helping cry my mom called gray selfish for doing that but my mom dosent know that i tried to die many times and then i cried my self to sleep and told my mom everything that was going oni texted gray telling them that i would not see then again anytime soon and said i love you to them and deleted it but when gray said i love you too my mom says really is she ur new lesbian friend or something and i am like no mom i care about herand then my dad and mom went out side and talked about me but i herd everythingi almost tried to kill myself last night but i wrout in my diary to calm down then i cried myself to sleepevery time i see the hoodie i let them wear yesterday i get a flash back of gray almost dieingand when my mom start raising her voice even just a little i panici was if i got there any later they would have been diednot only did i had to put on a brave face and be there for graysonmy 19 year old cousin was talking with her mom and her mom talked to my mom so then my mom got mad at my cousin and my cousin dee did not know what to do so i have to help her write a note to say to my mom and i had to talk my mom hears how the convo when the is what my mom saidhi mom dee wants to talk with you privately idk is she going to be a mature adult about it yes i believe that now you both have cooled down and dee has had water she wrote down what she wanted to say. then mom said ok and to give her a minute then she when out into the living room where me and dee wereis dee dee is mom i me is just normal text10 16 amso mom sat down and dee said aunt denise i am sorry for not coming to you i went to mother instead i am not used to having someone else to relay on pls forgive me . i know but you lied to to ur mom and told her that i yell at you and that you always get into trouble that is not true ur lieing to ur mom and ur lieing to urself then dee said ur right then i just sat there and let them talk. then mom went back to her roomthen mom told me go into there roomso i did and then she said how that i have bad friends at that i should not care so much and i am crying and i said i know i should not care so much but i try to fix them because i need to distract myself from my own issues and own thoughts. then dad gives me a hug and say its ok ur learn that not everyone can be fix i said i know i try so hard to fix others cuz i know i cannot fix myself cuz i bury my thoughts so deep down that i forget that i have then and i care so much about other becuase i wanana fix what i know i cannot fix about myselfi almost tried to hang myself last nightbut i new a few days ago that i was stuggling more that normal so i handed my stirng to dee and she hind it pls help i am only 13 idk what to do
hope all is well this is my first time posting but would like to first take the time to say that i have been actively reading in this sub for the better half of a year since my generalized anxiety started to take over my life a little backstory i am m 0 lb and went to texas tech throughout college i wa on a pretty strong dose of add med 0mg vyvanse which if none of you have taken add med is like the pinnacle of add med at the highest dose i literally felt like god when i wa on them i say this because i would drink a lot on them do cocaine i wa in a frat vyvanse wa amazing because you literally could never get drunk also i wa incredibly fit even though i drank so much i would work out all the time but never wanted to eat but i wa shredded i wa also super social and had this crazy fucking sex drive not lying i could stay rock hard for easy two hour and would be told to stop because the girl wa too worn out not tryna to sound cool but i am trying to paint this picture of how powerful this drug wa but after about year of that i graduated back in may and everything went downhill i started to have severe panic attack a rapid heartbeat crazy high blood pressure which sent me to the hospital finally went to the doctor and she said first that ny old doctor should lose her license forever prescribing me that high of a dose and that since i had taken the vyvanse for so long and binge drinking i have completely drained my brain of any serotonin diagnosis severe generalized anxiety disorder initially wa put on lexapro but that shit gave me really scary suicidal ideation especially coming from someone that had never once even considered that an idea i have moved to celexa mg then 0mg then 0mg finally now 0mg which is what i have been at for month and it ha been amazing i am perfectly fine i had discussed initially with my doctor that eventually i would want to get back on add med because i do have pretty bad add and wa about to enter nursing school she told me that once we get the anxiety under control then we can get add med so about month ago i wa anxiety free some minor episode of just feeling anxious but no panic attack and she had given me 0 mg xanax for emergency use which kill those few and far between episode immediately month ago i wa finally prescribed focalin mg ir x a day and wellbutrin sr 0mg x daily right when i wake up so i currently take 0mg celexa day focalin mg ir day welbutrin sr 0mg day everything is perfect except for one problem now i can not finish sexually and it is hard to keep an erection like i don t even think about sex anymore which suck because i am good looking have no issue with woman tinder bumble hinge but this is a serious issue because i am normally overly sexual sorry for the long rant but i wanted you all to have the best understanding possible of what is going on and if anyone can relate i am meeting with my doctor next week to discus but am just sad because in the past week different woman have asked me why i can t stay hard finish which hand down the most embarrassing thing because they all think it is because of them i would also like to say that i regularly work out am very fit lean build and do like to drink when i am with these woman the drinking just make it so much more fun for me so idk if the drinking ha any effect on this issue i haven t tried not drinking which i will test tonight when i see one of them thank you again for reading this far tl dr sex issue on celexa wellbutrin and focalin i do drink when i am having these issue but drinking make the sex so much more enjoyable lol
my life feels to be falling apart. i do not know how to explain it other than my limbs all being stretched and physically unraveling and dislodging. my brain is rot and my insides are rot. rotted goop. i do not have a purpose in life, i have no dreams in life, i am wasting away the prime of my life. i dive into my eating disorder to cope and get high sometimes and self harm. therapy for me of 3 years failed and my therapist took an indefinite leave so that went down the drain. my psychiatrist is cool but i have tried 15 meds and nothing really works. i cannot figure out this big issue in my life and i repeatedly obsess and ruminate over it with no answers or solutions as i sit paralyzed in fear. i think i just realized today that my depression has been getting worse in ways i did not recognize as i have gone up on this new medication. talking to people has become more of a chore than it used to be. it gets on my nerves to have to speak up or when anyone talks to me. i do not care to talk about anything i am interested in anymore. i used to at least have some interest in certain topics, but now i just do not care and i do not want to talk to anyone. every word said to me or that i say is a fork on a chalkboard. i have to psych myself up to raise my voice and speak. i do not care about doing things i used to do with friends. well, i care less, anyway. or more like i am just indifferent. numbed out... i still care. but it does not feel as...there? it feels like i am wearing emotion canceling headphones. it is all still there, but it is so muted. i cannot stay awake during the day at work at all. worse now than before. i find myself seeming to play less with my wonderful pets...i have lost credibility at work and plateaued with my ability. and i just do not care anymore. it makes me feel bad but i do not care enough to do anything about it at all. i realize i suck at my work but so what. i have already failed, i still fail. so what... my motivation was already shit but now it is more like i do not care... i used to be upset that my motivation was gone, angry about it, in a sense? and now i kind of just do not give a shit. i recognize that my motivation is still gone and sure it is still upsetting but not as upsetting as it was because i do not feel the anger at myself as much. occasionally i have bursts of extreme emotion, like yesterday i had a major anger rage moment where i had to take anti anxiety meds to even remotely start to calm down after a period of screaming, slamming things around and knocking things over and self harming viciously in a frenzy. some days i burst into tears for all night and just keep a rag with me to soak up the tears as the time passes and i try to do things that fall within my normal schedule and small range of activities i do once i go home from work. every day is a repeat of the day before. week by week. all the same. it is monday, then suddenly friday. then the weekend. then monday...repeat. i do not care about any of it. monday, wednesday, sunday...whatever. all the same. the best part of my day is when i get to come home from work and have a binge and purge episode for like 2 3 hours. that is literally the most i look forward to. and even that is starting to fade out. everything is faded. everything is muted. at random times i explode, but then the monotony sets back in and i find myself almost in a stupor of some kind. my life is meaningless and i want it to be over. i do not want to commit suicide, i just want to not exist. i do not want to kill myself, i just do not want to exist
my life feels to be falling apart. i do not know how to explain it other than my limbs all being stretched and physically unraveling and dislodging. my brain is rot and my insides are rot. rotted goop. i do not have a purpose in life, i have no dreams in life, i am wasting away the prime of my life. i dive into my eating disorder to cope and get high sometimes and self harm. therapy for me of 3 years failed and my therapist took an indefinite leave so that went down the drain. my psychiatrist is cool but i have tried 15 meds and nothing really works. i cannot figure out this big issue in my life and i repeatedly obsess and ruminate over it with no answers or solutions as i sit paralyzed in fear. i think i just realized today that my depression has been getting worse in ways i did not recognize as i have gone up on this new medication. talking to people has become more of a chore than it used to be. it gets on my nerves to have to speak up or when anyone talks to me. i do not care to talk about anything i am interested in anymore. i used to at least have some interest in certain topics, but now i just do not care and i do not want to talk to anyone. every word said to me or that i say is a fork on a chalkboard. i have to psych myself up to raise my voice and speak. i do not care about doing things i used to do with friends. well, i care less, anyway. or more like i am just indifferent. numbed out... i still care. but it does not feel as...there? it feels like i am wearing emotion canceling headphones. it is all still there, but it is so muted. i cannot stay awake during the day at work at all. worse now than before. i find myself seeming to play less with my wonderful pets...i have lost credibility at work and plateaued with my ability. and i just do not care anymore. it makes me feel bad but i do not care enough to do anything about it at all. i realize i suck at my work but so what. i have already failed, i still fail. so what... my motivation was already shit but now it is more like i do not care... i used to be upset that my motivation was gone, angry about it, in a sense? and now i kind of just do not give a shit. i recognize that my motivation is still gone and sure it is still upsetting but not as upsetting as it was because i do not feel the anger at myself as much. occasionally i have bursts of extreme emotion, like yesterday i had a major anger rage moment where i had to take anti anxiety meds to even remotely start to calm down after a period of screaming, slamming things around and knocking things over and self harming viciously in a frenzy. some days i burst into tears for all night and just keep a rag with me to soak up the tears as the time passes and i try to do things that fall within my normal schedule and small range of activities i do once i go home from work. every day is a repeat of the day before. week by week. all the same. it is monday, then suddenly friday. then the weekend. then monday...repeat. i do not care about any of it. monday, wednesday, sunday...whatever. all the same. the best part of my day is when i get to come home from work and have a binge and purge episode for like 2 3 hours. that is literally the most i look forward to. and even that is starting to fade out. everything is faded. everything is muted. at random times i explode, but then the monotony sets back in and i find myself almost in a stupor of some kind. my life is meaningless and i want it to be over. i do not want to commit suicide, i just want to not exist. i do not want to kill myself, i just do not want to exist
well hello everyone i m in a bit of a crossroad in life i m year and currently in my rd year of law school but i will have to repeat it probably again because of slacking off it all started during the pandemic when university switched to online mode i slowly slided into video game addiction and eventually depression i got very behind on my study and nearly forgot the thing i learned in the past now that uni ha started to have live lesson my body and my mind are still living in pandemic lockdown mode i go to part time work in retail to sustain myself but other than that i choose to skip class almost entirely i started being afraid of university itself lost all interest before the pandemic i wa very keen on my study every time i look any of my friend up i get a panic attack cause i feel like life is moving on and i m stuck between these dormitory wall cause basically all my peer from high school have graduated or are other way succesful in their life already have purchased home of their own etc i m in this limbo for year now last week i kind of had a mental breakdown i don t know if it wa a side effect of the rabies vaccine i took not so long ago cause the doctor told me to avoid any alcohol stressing for at least a month i dont drink at all but stress alot about my past and the future but after the so called mental breakdown i decided enough is enough and it s time to part way with my study i called up a relative of mine that would vouch for me in a job interview for a international cargo transportation company and let me try out a a intern sale manager tought this could be a interesting choice for me cause i speak language of them very common i live in europe but i m now in the last step of leaving uni almost got all affair in order and went to in my mind to the last chess practice in the evening i m also an avid chess player been playing all my life and after the training session i discussed my plan with my chess coach which opinion i value very much told about how i feel and he urged me to stay my main point wa that i m not progressing in life and he motivated that i ll get through this and that he know many people who spent 0 year until they have finished university that he would help me anyway he can ect and walking from practice i had a chat with some colleague from the chess club on my way home just about casual stuff and it hit me that i don t want to leave this place these people and want to persue the dream diploma and when i entered my dorm room it hit me again the same place with the same room mate who i have seen for the last year who i admit is a bad influence cause he gave up on his study long ago ha a full time semi dead end job and spends his off day playing video game all day so before going to bed i jumped on my laptop created a reddit account and started writting this text sorry that it is kind of a mess cause i m just typing my heart out i suspect also that i m kind of a bipolar guy cause of constant mood swing between motyvation and helplesness also possible add but never diagnosed never considered psych evaluation an option cause it could disqualify me from numerous position in law sphere of employment my parent suggest i change my living location from the dormitory and rent a private room somewhere in town a of this moment i have conflicting thought about trying to get out of this mess by finishing what i have started or just leaving everything after year and starting new without a degree i feel atached to this place but i also im sure it s killing me regard a depressed law student
i am very familiar with the feeling of emptiness. i was pretty much born into it. though i wonder how many have felt the more niche sides of it. amp x200b anyone who has felt it is almost certain to have felt a sort of loss of identity or a loss of self, a loss of drive, motivation, or dreams. it seems rather common to feel alienated or isolated. sometimes willingly isolated to protect everyone else around you. amp x200b but it goes deeper than that, does not it. in my experience, it is like my brain and me are two seperate beings. waging this eternal war against one another. it is like i was never truly the one behind the wheel, like someone else was steering my body. amp x200b and when someone comes to close, no matter how much i consciously know that they care, my mind always turns to wanting to cur that off. because i will screw it up eventually. i always do. amp x200b even going through therapy, that emptiness makes you keenly aware of the fact that inside that office is different from the outside world. whether it be because they are being paid to do this or because the rules they play by do not seem to match up with reality, or because they truly believe that someone needs their help, specifically and on a personal level. amp x200b it is like the rest of the world exists outside myself. like i have my own little cave where i am stuck with this monster inside me. i look outside and i see how beautiful life is for them. but it is something i could never do. like i am not quite human. amp x200b there are a lot of lies the emptiness makes you believe. it all seems so real because there are facts behind it, like you know that person just does not like you at all. or that your presence does not matter, like you cannot impact even your own basic surroundings. it is just an endless battle just to keep things tidy and inevitably it begins to become void of purpose. it can even happen with your body. it is so much to consider and do and keep track of so you just do the minimal amount possible to survive. amp x200b it is all of these things and the desire to want more from this existence. you know it hurts, you know it sucks, you know you are alone. you wish so badly you could change it, sometimes so badly that there only seems to be one way out. anyone who has felt this knows what that only way out is. amp x200b it is the memories, the flashbacks, the damage inside. this sense that i will never be whole. like i will never be human. it digs deep and makes everything a worst case scenario. do they know i am empty inside? surely they do because everyone seems to just avoid me. like nobody sees me and those who do purposefully go out of their way to stay away from me because they can see how sick i am. it is like an aura, a neon sign that says i am a monster . so people just tend to stay away. amp x200b and your brain is taking in all of this information and putting it all through these very specific filters and everything just becomes dull. no matter how aware you become of it, it does not feel like there is anything you can do to stop it. it just goes on it is own. amp x200b there are more personal aspects of it but this has been my experience with it. i guess i just felt like sharing because i saw that little survey floating around and maybe others have it stuck in their mind too. amp x200b but i will say, i have not given up hope. i am still trying and i actually made a friend recently who actually sees me. it brings a faint smile to my face that i have not shown in a very long time. tracking emptiness
i have dealt with depression and anxiety quite bad for the past few years i am 18f and as a result i feel like i am quite behind in life i guess. i left school early to do a beauty course which i enjoyed and thought i would like to go into that industry but towards the end of it i completely lost interest which negatively impacted my mental health, then i worked in a hair salon just as an assistant for 6 months and i finished there about a year and a half ago now and have not worked since. since i finished the course i did, i have not been able to find any sort of career that interests me for longer than a few months which just really puts me in a rut by not being able to decide on something and formulate a plan to work toward. it also feels like i let myself down. i have pretty much been living life by myself since i finished school as i do not really have many hobbies or any friends to really talk to or hang out with, and as a result of this i never leave the comfort that is my room and its really hard for me to go out anywhere in public. one thing that i think would benefit me greatly would be getting a job but i just can never seem to keep any positive thoughts towards finding one, in the last two months i have applied to about 5 which takes a lot of effort for me to do and not heard back, but the day after i apply i end up having a major panic attack over it and hoping i do not get a call back because the thought of going to an interview is terrifying to me and i am sure a lot of others . i have spoken to my mum about my worries and she is very supportive of me which i am very grateful for and she helped work on my resume for me and explained my skills and things to me but even with this support its still so hard to find something. i found a reception job which seems like an alright thing for me to do and i have written a cover letter for it but i have talked myself out of applying and can start to feel the negative thoughts tumbling around me already. its hard to find something as i have very minimal experience and do not want to work more than 25 hours a week i know i am picky . this might seem like a silly thing to be distressed about but its a topic that has been my biggest worry for a while and i would like to be making money so i can help with bills and be able to have money to spend for myself, i have things that motivate me to want a job but i just feel so stuck and like i cannot make myself take any steps to actually move forward. its something that if i have not been keeping on top of supporting myself, i end up spiralling and having a breakdown over and getting very worked up about. i am not sure if any of that really makes sense of what i am trying to say but i am just so over feeling this way and being afraid of something so simple as applying for a job. i think its more what comes after i have applied like getting a phone call for an interview and then what questions ill be asked at the interview and meeting new people, and then if i do get the job what if i mess it up or do not like it? i think that a part of me holds myself back because i am scared to be doing normal life things, i stay home pretty much everyday and do not really do much other than be in bed and read or watch tv, so its scary to think about going out and having something to do even if it is only a few days a week. my apologies for the long post but id really appreciate any advice or something, even just if anyone has felt feels anything similar. kind of a rant? i feel stuck and do not know how to move forward.
i have dealt with depression and anxiety quite bad for the past few years i am 18f and as a result i feel like i am quite behind in life i guess. i left school early to do a beauty course which i enjoyed and thought i would like to go into that industry but towards the end of it i completely lost interest which negatively impacted my mental health, then i worked in a hair salon just as an assistant for 6 months and i finished there about a year and a half ago now and have not worked since. since i finished the course i did, i have not been able to find any sort of career that interests me for longer than a few months which just really puts me in a rut by not being able to decide on something and formulate a plan to work toward. it also feels like i let myself down. i have pretty much been living life by myself since i finished school as i do not really have many hobbies or any friends to really talk to or hang out with, and as a result of this i never leave the comfort that is my room and its really hard for me to go out anywhere in public. one thing that i think would benefit me greatly would be getting a job but i just can never seem to keep any positive thoughts towards finding one, in the last two months i have applied to about 5 which takes a lot of effort for me to do and not heard back, but the day after i apply i end up having a major panic attack over it and hoping i do not get a call back because the thought of going to an interview is terrifying to me and i am sure a lot of others . i have spoken to my mum about my worries and she is very supportive of me which i am very grateful for and she helped work on my resume for me and explained my skills and things to me but even with this support its still so hard to find something. i found a reception job which seems like an alright thing for me to do and i have written a cover letter for it but i have talked myself out of applying and can start to feel the negative thoughts tumbling around me already. its hard to find something as i have very minimal experience and do not want to work more than 25 hours a week i know i am picky . this might seem like a silly thing to be distressed about but its a topic that has been my biggest worry for a while and i would like to be making money so i can help with bills and be able to have money to spend for myself, i have things that motivate me to want a job but i just feel so stuck and like i cannot make myself take any steps to actually move forward. its something that if i have not been keeping on top of supporting myself, i end up spiralling and having a breakdown over and getting very worked up about. i am not sure if any of that really makes sense of what i am trying to say but i am just so over feeling this way and being afraid of something so simple as applying for a job. i think its more what comes after i have applied like getting a phone call for an interview and then what questions ill be asked at the interview and meeting new people, and then if i do get the job what if i mess it up or do not like it? i think that a part of me holds myself back because i am scared to be doing normal life things, i stay home pretty much everyday and do not really do much other than be in bed and read or watch tv, so its scary to think about going out and having something to do even if it is only a few days a week. my apologies for the long post but id really appreciate any advice or something, even just if anyone has felt feels anything similar. kind of a rant? i feel stuck and do not know how to move forward.
hello my name is thomas. i have been feeling weird kind of symptoms and i would like to have some help to get to know what is going on with me. my symptoms are bothering me and i would like to have some guidance on what to do and what they are. so basically about 2 3months ago i started having panick attacks. i was feeling anxious pretty much everyday. i was not happy with this pandemic, school and my friends. i was starting to feel down. also, i would feel very anxious about my health. every sensation in my body that was odd i would focus on it and react in a small stress. i would vegan to panick when i would get a panic attack even tho i knew it was that. i would still panic and wait. also after my panic attacks i would feel weird odd symptoms the few following days. i would feel low on energy, chills and weird zaps in my head. until one day, in may, i started being very irritated at everything and i would constantly get uncomfortable symptoms when i did daily activities like gym, go out with friends. i would feel very light sensitive, a tiny nausea some times and a lot of stress when i got odd symptoms. there would also be this feeling of fear and feeling down. even tho i was with my girlfriend i constantly had this weird fear of living. i would think i would die any second when i would experience odd symptoms. then in june it got worse. i was having anxiety symptoms and panic attacks almost everyday. i would say 5 time a week. i notice during the day i would get this sick feeling with all kinds of symptoms. per exemple i would feel my body changing temperature, brain zaps, my heart beat felt irregular, i was getting very tired and feeling very drowsy. and then it escalated into a panic attack. but when it was in the evening i would feel completely normal and everything was fine. but i would start to think about why was i feeling that and trying to figure out what was going on with my brain and body. so i would worry and overthink. and the cycle would continue. until one day the june 15, after having bad anxiety symptoms, i notice a numbness in my brain. like i could not feel my emotions anymore. i was trying to feel happy, i know that i was happy, i was able to express it but i could not feel it. so i started panicking about that. as the days went by the panick attacks were slowly fading away, and when i was having one, i felt the physical sensations but my brain like did not care. i did not feel that adrenaline rush and that panic feeling. i cannot feel stress anymore. its very hard to feel love, happy, satisfied. my pschyatrist prescribed me 25mg sertaline and said that that would help. i kept explaining her my symptoms and she was saying its all anxiety and seem like she did not care. i did a blood test, it came back fine. right before i started the meditation, the numbness and my physical symptoms were very bad. i lost the feeling of hunger and fullness, the ability to feel tired, to feel heat, and to feel emotions. it felt like if my brain had a brick wall the seperates me from feeling my body. you can feel the empty feeling. now i am on week 3 of sertaline and some symptoms calmed down. but i am still experiencing this numbness. i would wake up and feel like empty. i still get trouble feeling hunger and i get weird stools. i am still a bit worried on what is going on with my body. can you help me re assure what i am having and teach me techniques to overcome this suffering please i would really appreciate it. i am sick of feeling like this my story i am sick of this someone help
i do not know where to begin. it feels like there is too much to say, and it all feels complicated. i do not understand myself first off, so it will be hard to explain my feelings to those reading this. i cannot exactly identify my feelings a lot of times. i used to feel true joy, the kind of joy where i felt alive and vibrant. i think i lost this kind of joy in about 8th grade or freshman year of high school. i now am graduating as a senior, and i still feel the same way. its not like i am necessarily sad. i can feel ok, but i will never feel like the funny girl who could make someone light up from my jokes and personality like back then. i can never feel completely alive. i can never feel completely like myself. i guess along with this, its like i never feel truly happy? i am confused on when i feel happy or not. to be honest, maybe i am never completely happy. its confusing. i would say actually that i do feel happiness, but its artificial. its still really cool in those moments when i feel that type of happiness, but it just is not enough? its like i cannot feel the same with people as i used to. i cannot bond with people the same. its like i feel robotic almost in conversation? not much emotion is there lol. i would say that with sadness, perhaps there is always a gloomy disposition lingering in the back of my mind. maybe for so long, its so hard to identify it. for so long, i have also felt bouts of anxiousness. even now maybe anxiety is apart of me and its lingering in the depths of my mind i cannot reach out towards because i can barely even identify it. at this point in my life i am just scared ill be like this for a very long time, i simply do not know if i would want to exist if i knew id be like this for the rest of my life. i already feel doubt in life, but its because i am so young and just getting into the world and discovering it that i have hope, hope that ill change and that ill go on to do great things and experience great things. i am so worried though, i am worried of different things at different periods of my life. it seems like i have new anxieties here and there while simultaneously feeling a sense of uneasiness always inhabiting the back of my mind i guess. i am just not me anymore. life looks grey i guess. i guess its looked like that for so long that i feel odd even bringing it up, like perhaps its just not true because this has been my normal for so long. sometimes i feel like i need mental help but then feel stupid because i feel as though maybe there is nothing much wrong with me, but what makes me realize truly that there is probably something wrong with me is the thought of staying like this forever. it makes me not want to exist anymore, and whenever i come to that realization, i immediately know something is not right. i remember whenever i was talking to a nurse about how i felt, but its as though she brushed it off as simply being my personality. it felt wrong, and i hope its wrong. i really hope i will not stay like this forever, and that its not just my personality. it does not feel like that. it should not be like that, you know? i think i should add that i was on prozac since the end of my freshman year until i think the summer before my senior year btw! maybe that will help but i came here because i really would love to hear some advice overall. what am i experiencing and how do i even get out of this mess? how do i feel alive again? what was it like for you? just anything at all helps, thank you so much lt 3 i have not felt like myself in so long
i do not know where to begin. it feels like there is too much to say, and it all feels complicated. i do not understand myself first off, so it will be hard to explain my feelings to those reading this. i cannot exactly identify my feelings a lot of times. i used to feel true joy, the kind of joy where i felt alive and vibrant. i think i lost this kind of joy in about 8th grade or freshman year of high school. i now am graduating as a senior, and i still feel the same way. its not like i am necessarily sad. i can feel ok, but i will never feel like the funny girl who could make someone light up from my jokes and personality like back then. i can never feel completely alive. i can never feel completely like myself. i guess along with this, its like i never feel truly happy? i am confused on when i feel happy or not. to be honest, maybe i am never completely happy. its confusing. i would say actually that i do feel happiness, but its artificial. its still really cool in those moments when i feel that type of happiness, but it just is not enough? its like i cannot feel the same with people as i used to. i cannot bond with people the same. its like i feel robotic almost in conversation? not much emotion is there lol. i would say that with sadness, perhaps there is always a gloomy disposition lingering in the back of my mind. maybe for so long, its so hard to identify it. for so long, i have also felt bouts of anxiousness. even now maybe anxiety is apart of me and its lingering in the depths of my mind i cannot reach out towards because i can barely even identify it. at this point in my life i am just scared ill be like this for a very long time, i simply do not know if i would want to exist if i knew id be like this for the rest of my life. i already feel doubt in life, but its because i am so young and just getting into the world and discovering it that i have hope, hope that ill change and that ill go on to do great things and experience great things. i am so worried though, i am worried of different things at different periods of my life. it seems like i have new anxieties here and there while simultaneously feeling a sense of uneasiness always inhabiting the back of my mind i guess. i am just not me anymore. life looks grey i guess. i guess its looked like that for so long that i feel odd even bringing it up, like perhaps its just not true because this has been my normal for so long. sometimes i feel like i need mental help but then feel stupid because i feel as though maybe there is nothing much wrong with me, but what makes me realize truly that there is probably something wrong with me is the thought of staying like this forever. it makes me not want to exist anymore, and whenever i come to that realization, i immediately know something is not right. i remember whenever i was talking to a nurse about how i felt, but its as though she brushed it off as simply being my personality. it felt wrong, and i hope its wrong. i really hope i will not stay like this forever, and that its not just my personality. it does not feel like that. it should not be like that, you know? i think i should add that i was on prozac since the end of my freshman year until i think the summer before my senior year btw! maybe that will help but i came here because i really would love to hear some advice overall. what am i experiencing and how do i even get out of this mess? how do i feel alive again? what was it like for you? just anything at all helps, thank you so much lt 3 i have not felt like myself in so long
hi i am 32 m, dropped out soon after starting my undergrad. now i have a job and all but i am lacking happiness... i enjoy the challenge and and everything but as my work ends everyday i realize i have nothing... i am living with my parents but we hardly talk and everytime i do initiate, i am responded with tales of how i messed up my life did not pursue a degree cannot get a high paid job and all... 4 years back i started dating a friend and i guess today we broke up... the reason, she thinks i am sexually attracted to every girl on my friendlist on facebook. now everyone is different and everyone have their own personalities and comforts... some of my friends do not hesitate to publish pictures that make them look and feel sensual... my take on that is everyone has their freedom to do anything and everything as long as it does not because harm to the community and or to another living being i am not bothered with it. but my gf thinks there is more going on... to help ease her with her feelings till date she asked and i have blocked 8 friends on spot for no apparent reason just to ease her... i have isolated myself with long term friends because she suspected me to have an affair with their younger sisters... i have always had an helpful nature but over the last 4 years i have not helped a single female which led to my coworkers questioning my sexuality... even at office she asked me pics of my sitting arrangement and upon seeing it asked me to move my desk as their wad a girl next to mine... it would have been awkward for me to change my desk at that point instead i had to change her team and reporting boss so that she sat next to him... but now after doing all that today we broke up because another friend of mine commented on my status on fb who seemed to have an attractive dp which again led her to believe i am involved with her physically... even after sharing all my passwords and ids, my banking information and everything she still thinks i am spending money on other women which i clearly do not...so yeah from not a high paid job, no education and now no partner, nothing's doing me any good... maybe i am crying out for some sympathy here but i am not lying when i say i am lost... i was a cheerful person who was passionate about dancing though i was never good at it but now i have got no passion for nothing...oh i had to lose my passion for dance because my ex and i used to dance together and yes back then i was involved with her physically and would often participate in making love but when she lost her affection towards me plus started cheating on me i was understanding enough and have no ill feelings for her... because the heart wants what the heart wants i only wished she had spoken to me before cheating but that was her decision to make... so my current gf ever since then asked me not to watch dance videos shows anything that adds fuel to my passion... side note i did not have sex with my current gf but i did tell her that i am very much attracted to her and would like to do it. she asked me to not ask this of her before marriage and i do respect that. in the last 4 years i have probably asked her for it only thrice.... except for the first time the other two both ended with very bad arguments and name callings from her end... the most we have done is kiss and that is all.... i am sorry if all this seems pathetic but it is how it is and i cannot help it neither can i stand it anymore.... if anyone reads the entire thing, thankyou it meant a lot.... desperate for hope
i am a m35 who have been struggling with depression more or less my whole life.what i can remember, is that from the age of 9, i have been an extreme introvert that attempted suicide at many occasions but with the luck or bad luck based on how you look at it never succeeded.for many years i would not talk with people and had a temper that made people frightened and made some enjoy pushing my buttons until i snapped.disappeared whole school days and just sat at isolated places considering my options even trying to end it.first time was in a forested area outside my school age 9.had a rope and decided it is time .trew it over a large branch and anchored it to another tree. picked up some rocks to make a makeshift stool that i could stand on.lost conciousness and woke up 10 15 minutes later with a bleeding wound above my eyebrow and an extrem headache, sore throat and a redness around my neck. the large branch had broken of and hit me in the head and my face got smashed against the rock i was standing on.went back to school and said that i tripped and there was no need for a check up.this is my strongest memory from my childhood and many year later it is still something that makes me sad, because no one cared where i was for 1,5 hour age 9.my parents never got told and i will never tell them because it even today would hurt them, my brother knows about that and some other tes as well.i struggled through school at all levels and never connected with anyone because i according to myself was ugly, stupid, uninteresting, mean, angry and a horrible person and i made myself that person for years knowing fully aware that i actually was loving, caring, thoughtful, kind and interested in other people's problems.even after that i would not even try to make connections with other people feeling less than everybody else, still playing the role as the cocky self important asshole i have made myself up to be.at age 28 i meet a wonderful woman that never gave up on learning to know the real me.she more or less forced herself onto me and i did not stop it because i actually wanted her to break down the wall i have for years built up around myself.she is the most important person in my life but i have had my down periods where i just cannot allow her to see me weak and the latest one i had was today.i am away from my family more or less 5 7 days a week and it hurts but i do it for them so we can afford to still live as we do.but today was painful, i told my oldest son dad is going to work and he just said bye with me kneeling to get a hug and no hug was given.my youngest just waved and then continued with what he was doing and i was totally heartbroken.walked out to my car with my wife after me and just started to cry feeling like a stranger that just visits the boys mom from time to time.did not allow my wife to touch me became cold towards her.hated my job, hated life, hated my own existence a d just want my wife to divorce me so that she could be happy and the boys could have someone that is always present for them and not se stranger who comes to visit a day or to each week.as a person that only have my parent, brother and my own family in my circle of life it is hard to find any reason why i should not just fade away from my boys existence even though it selfish and hurtful not just to the boys and my wife but probably the end for me.this sucked and was totally stupid to write.publish it but will be removed in another 30 minutes or sooner. never made a post before but here goes.
hi. i really have not done a post before, so this is my first time. but that being said i am kind of struggling. i have been feeling kind of worthless, but i want to do stuff to help others. my grades are doing terribly, and i am taking five summer classes to try and get more hours and pull up my grades. also, my parents are living overseas with two of my little brothers, and the other little 21 year old brother, j, is living with me in the house that my parents are letting us use. i only just started getting migraines this year due to stress. within the last three weeks, my car is broken down, and i have had to use my parents nice car i had to quit my job at my next door neighbors house so that i could take care of summer classes i started falling behind on some of my online class work because i had to take care of the house as my brother now only seems to care about our pets and his job and his video games we have zero clean dishes left, and low on laundry, and i had to spray for cockroaches as we live in the woods and they decided to come to visit yesterday.the other day i spent about 2.5 hours cleaning the bathroom that he uses if he finally agreed to do the dishes. he did, but its been about a week and they still are not done because he has not touched them, and has only added to them. i have not been in touch as much with my mom because i have been so crazy busy trying to take care of everything else. j got the covid vaccine, which would have been fine and i would be thrilled for and proud of him actually doing something good in his life, except he did not tell me he got it until after he got it and it was feeling horribly sick and nauseated. i was trying to take care of him, but then he was talking about how i was not doing enough. the day before yesterday, my brain had a temporary disconnect from reality, due to the amount of stress, where i felt like i was in limbo, and everything was spacey, and nothing felt real. then i got an asthma attack and a migraine after taking the dog out for a run. finally i texted my mom to let her know a light version of what is going on, because she is my mom, and you expect your mom to at least be there for you. yesterday, i tried to do a group chat with my mom talking about what was going on. what happened next was is she blamed it on my stress of school and she just took js side rather than actually hearing and listening to what i had to say, and saying that i was not being supportive enough towards him, and then i just needed to let everything go and forget about the dishes, and the stress, and my emotional problems and focus on him which, while i understood her reasoning, really hurt and made me feel even more kind of worthless.. i was so frustrated, that i backed out of the group chat and said i needed to leave to finish homework. insert on the kitchen chair for a bit and cried. and then the fermenting plastic containers of peaches,from bout three or four days ago, that my brother forgot to tell me about but put in plastic bags on the floor i thought it was just cans of food that he was going to give to our neighbors since that is what he would told me , exploded all over the kitchen floor, creating a very sticky mess that i am going to have to clean up. and i just feel worthless right now, and uncared for, and small, and kind of burdened down right now. i am not trying to burden anybody else with my problems, but i do not know who else to talk to, since no one else is willing to listen. not sure what to do.
i know not many people will see this or probably care but i have no one or at least no one who ll genuinely listen a year or two ago i wasn t the best person selfish and careless i wa an alcoholic and a drug addict to deal with everything which i know now wa a horrible coping mechanism but it wa all my year old brain knew how to do a addiction ran in my family i wa hypersexual with no fundamental understanding of consent because all i knew wa assault i would get drunk and say horrible thing and my action reflected that i know trauma isn t an excuse for everything i did to people i used to call my friend but i swear i never meant to hurt anyone i wa horrible and when i realized how much hurt i had caused i never let myself live it down i couldn t look at myself the same i would cry for hour because i wa a monster that brought trauma to others life i honestly didn t know how to be healthy and i didn t know how to make real friend without making it sexual because that s all i thought people wanted from me i know these are a bunch of bullshit excuse but i don t know what to do i never wanted to be this person i left the school that wa once my haven because of the rumor i can t tell who i am anymore am i the monster they think i am i barely remember anything and i wa always drinking so it s all a blur amp x 00b i m a girl i m and this is where it started i m not going to give my life story just the bit that matter i wa accused of assault almost a year ago now with many other claim that had to do with my toxicity the original person who accused me and i had dealt with it privately and she had recognized that i wa extremely drunk when it happened and the lack of communication on both end honestly i have taken accountability for the fact that i shouldn t have drank underage and made her uncomfortable i remember bit and piece of that night some of it i can t even put together in my head but i realized that my behavior wa unacceptable and it wasn t okay not okay in the slightest but it got out to my whole school rumor began and people i had past romantic and sexual relationship with accused me of either assaulting them or being toxic i left the school and sought a lot of therapy but the rumor have entered my life in a more public setting i don t blame anyone i wa honestly a piece of shit but i know everything wa consensual but now i m not even sure of anything i think i m a monster i don t know what s real and what isn t i wa manipulative and a downright horrible person but i ve done everything i can to change and apologize but i can t seem to do it right i want to take accountability and be better but also want my name out there on the internet associated with these thing my parent don t deserve this i want to be able to be normal again but then i realize my life ha been normal i ve always through trauma my life is basically one big thing of trauma whether i realize it or not i m so sorry i really hate myself for hurting the people i did i don t want pity and i know nothing i can do can fix my reputation i don t even think i deserve it i really think i should just kill myself i think that d give the people i hurt peace of mind i don t think i deserve to live this life i m really sorry i know you ll judge me too but i promise i m really trying to be better and to help people i m not sure which perception is real theirs or mine i m broken down and i wan na be a kid again with my favorite stuffed animal maybe just take a nap and then i ll wake up and be okay
hi everyone and thank you for taking the time to read my post.as english is not my native tongue, i will do my best to be as clear and concise as possible.about three months ago, i celebrated my 31st birthday. the day after when i woke up, i felt some sort of fatigue. i thought it was nothing to worry about and i decided to sleep it off. the next day i felt the same but i began to be very anxious about what was going on in my system. i though i had all the diseases in the world and that i was on the verge of dying. then, as i was trying to fix something on a relative's computer, i could not use the trackpad and i thought that i was going crazy. i then had this very hard to describe panic attack where my heart raced and i began to see weirdly. i felt so disconnected and i my mind was everywhere at once. it took about 30 min to finally calm down. i explained what was going to my relatives and they suggested i see a healthcare professional.i was prescribed a series of blood tests. everything came back fine but my bad cholesterol was just a smidge high. i was then put on seroquel, that was the worst thing i have ever done to myself. every morning, i would wake up feeling like a zombie and i had this constant vertigo and fatigue. it was horrible. then i switched to zoloft which is what i am taking, at 50mg and all the fatigue, vertigo, headaches and muscle pain went away. i am still feeling anxious to this day but it has been manageable so far.now i am dealing with a very hard to describe problem. i feel like since this event, i am not back to my normal and i am afraid i do not even remember what was normal like for me. i feel like i am about to lose control and just go crazy. like i am controlling it, but i always feel on the edge of being able to not continue to control it. it is very hard to describe i am sorry. also, i feel like i am not myself, like if i am not connected to this world and that even though i know i can see with my eyes, i feel like i am somewhere else and like if being in my body is a lie.i have done some reasearch on this, at it looks to be called depersonalisation derealisation. this reddit post explains quite well how i am feeling keep on having these existential questions. like what happens after death? why me, in my body, why born in 1990, why in america, why in this universe? what was before this universe? why living if dying is only option? are we living a universe with multi verses and with higher dimensions? are we just a few milimeters big and there is something out there so much bigger than the universe and we are just like an ant on a log? what if tomorrow, there is this big black hole somewhere in a distant galaxy that swallows everything and that disturbs our galaxy in a way that our existence is in jeopardy. why am i having these deep, thought provoking, philosophical questions?i feel like i am living on borrowed time. in a way, we are all, but it feels like there will be this day when i learn i will be dying soon and that i am not eager to be there in that time period. i also feel like time flies and that everyday is a step closer to death, no matter how far away it is.am i the only one feeling like this ? is there a condition for what i am feeling ? my doctor will not get me evaluated by an external psychiatrist since he thinks he is able to diagnose me with his knowledge.daily living is a challenge. need help !thank you i feel like i am disconnected from reality or my body. like if i live life in 3rd person.
i really cannot handle this anymore. i truly feel like i am not needed on the face of this planet. my own mother has the ability to turn any positive situation into a negative one. i am the only child and since we are in a lockdown currently, my mum is the only person i talk to and share things with but i just do not understand why would she turn anything i say into a negative statement and has the audacity to tell me things that are not remotely helpful.a few days ago, i told her that i am depressed and i do not know how to deal with things. i am unmotivated to work and i end up sleeping more than being awake just so i can escape reality. she just said you cannot be like that. work harder, be motivated... followed by another 30 or so minutes of unhelpful trash that came out of her mouth. when i tell her what is happening in the country, i am from malaysia btw , she immediately turns it against me and says did you do something? do not go say things on social media in a very condescending way which hurts my feelings. you are my mother for fucks sake, how can you not know what type of person am i? i only have instagram, nothing else. even on that platform, i rarely post pictures. even if i do, it is memes on my stories section.every fucking thing is negative. i am truly embarrassed by the fact that i used to be a fucking racist asshole. i clearly see where i got that from. my parents. they do not just say things like that guy is a lazy person or person a did not pay up on time , they actually say things like this that guy is malay, that is why he is lazy , and person a did not pay. indians what? normal lah . it is truly disgusting to hear this in my very own home. i hate the fact that i was born into a racist cunt of a family.on top of all this, the ministers in malaysia are embarrassing us on an international level. ordinary citizens are dying, raising white flags asking for help because they no longer have food at home. but the ministers are saying that instead of raising white flags, we should pray. what in the motherfucking fuck are these ministers thinking? those who end up helping these affected people are given fines amounting to thousands of ringgits. ministers can go to france or cross states when we are forced to be in a lockdown and stay at home. if we, as ordinary citizens cross the 10km mark from our home addresses, we would get a fine of rm10,000 for flouting movement control order rules but when ministers do it, they get a tiny rm1,000 fine which to them, is like rm10. make a mistake and you can immediately be fined on the spot. guess what my country does? they give rm15,000 fines to those who raised white flags. mind you, those who raise white flags have no money to even eat. they do not have jobs, they have families and yet when they raise white flags, they get this shit. rm15,000 is usd 3,578!!i am truly heartbroken seeing all this shit going on in the country and in my very own home, i have no peace. i cry myself to sleep most nights and pray to god to save others. save the poor. i lock myself up in my room for more than 20 hours a day, only going downstairs to get food. when i do go speak to my parents, i get negativity. i hate this life and i do not want a life like this. i have friends but it seems like they are unresponsive towards my messages or calls. i have reached out to some of them and i got nothing. just blue ticked. i feel lonely man. i just want to end this and go to sleep. i cannot take it anymore
hey you all.i am a 38 year old male, married with an 8 year old and a 8 month old. i have struggled with anxiety and depression for around 20 years now. i was passively suicidal about 3 4 years ago, but that feeling has since dropped of dramatically with proper medication, therapy, and leaving a life situation behind that i really struggled with.what i am really struggling with feeling alone and without people that care lately, outside of my own four walls.growing up, i had a very close family on my mom's side. i have 2 brothers, 4 aunt's uncle's and many cousins from those. we used to get together every sunday and all major holidays.my mom passed away back in 2008 and nothing family had been the same since, especially for me. my mom was amazing she was my biggest cheerleader, my confidant, and talked me off every ledge. after she died, my dad moved about 14 hours away. one of my brothers is estranged because of an incredibly dumb situation that he completely cut me off since about 6 years ago. i have tried multiple times to mend that fence, to no avail. i just get ignored. since then two of my mom's siblings have also passed, and one moved across the country. my other cousins have either stopped talking to me because of my brother situation or moved away, or i am quite a bit younger so we never really got together much.i have also heard that quite a few of them think i am snobby, because i am one of the only members of my family to graduate from college and i make great money. i never shove that in anyone's face though, and i do not want any of that to define me. the only two members of my family i have really even seen outside of weddings or funerals is my other brother and my dad. as previously mentioned, my dad is not around and my other brother is my best friend, and we are super close. about a month ago though, he decided to up and move south with his family because he could no longer afford to live in ma. obviously i support him and want what is best for his life, but i was devastated.on the friends front, i have never been great at having close friends. i had a really close friend growing up but over the years we have drifted apart. i have a decent group of college friends, but none that i see or hang out with often except one and about 5 6 years ago he moved across the country to be with the love of his life. i am so incredibly happy for the guy but at the same time, i felt such a huge loss. i am honestly not that great of a friend anyway. when i go through depressive episodes, i tend to flake a lot.i do have a spiritual community, but i am not particularly friendly with any of them. i am also much younger than about 90 of the congregation. tldr i guess what is bothering me most is feelings of abandonment. i do not want to be close with people because everyone i have cared about has either left me, cut me out of their lives, or died. i am really struggling with relationships, and the thing most depressing me right now is if i happened to die whether self inflicted or not who would even show up to my funeral? i do not feel like there is anyone out there that gives a flying shit what happens to me beyond my wife and my girls, and that really sucks. i just want to feel important and cared for, and i do not feel like i have any of that. i feel like my wake would be about 20 people and none of them would even give a shit about actually wanting to me there, and that makes me sad. feeling incredibly lonely lately
i am going to say i want advice, and i do, but this will really sound like a rant vent lol. i have been struggling really bad with depression, anxiety and stress lately and i can feel myself getting worse every day and i cannot seem to break myself out of it. i ended a horrible, abusive marriage last fall finalized in january of this year. i reconnected with an old junior high friend and we have been 'seeing eachother' for a few months now. it is not official, and we live 3 hours from eachother, so we do not get to see eachother often. the past few months, my job has been increasingly more stressful. way more than what i feel is necessary for a medical secretary. the professionals i work for are cruel and cold, and nothing is ever enough. the office management keeps piling work on us and tells us to just work overtime to get it done. they have taken our lunch breaks away, so most days i am stuck in my chair for 9 12 hours. my back hurts, my eyes hurt and i am constantly battling a headache. i am never good enough. the only reason i have left is that i am moving back to my home town in october, so i want to push through. i have also been with the company longer than most other secretaries, with more experience than them and they make more that me. salty at that.money is also so tight right now i had to cancel my health insurance and all of my extra benefits through work. but dealing with work, the weight gain, which is terrifying, missing my unofficial boyfriend and home, i also just found out that my ex husband got remarried last week. there is a 6 month wait period in missouri from divorce to remarry and he hit it on the nose. i am not sure what my feelings are about this, but it is weighing on me. i do not want to be with him. he cheated lied about cheating, would gas light, and if i would ever stand my ground, i would get hit, then he would call the police and tell them i attacked him and started hitting myself 'to blame him'. i am so relieved to be out of that situation, but finding out that he got married again to someone 15 years younger than him really bothers me. like i get the marriage was garbage, but to move on so quickly just floors me. i am not sure how long he is been with this girl, but since our divorce, he is had about 5 girlfriends, and she is the newest one. his last relationship ended mid may. i only know all this because our mutual friends find it necessary to tell me, which that is a whole ordeal on its own. i also still have to deal with him because of a joint loan for a car. he has the car, the title is in his name, but he refuses to refinance it to take my name off. i know i rambled on alot, but i just feel like every aspect of my life is crap right now and i cannot find a way to break myself out of this funk. i sleep more, have trouble getting up, and actually making myself look decent. i have no desire to work, workout, eat regularly or healthily and i do zero self care. i told myself last night that today would be different, and it was but for the worse. i woke up and called into work and went back to sleep for another 3 hours. finally got up and had a protein shake and then made sure to get some veggies in with lunch, but i am so low on energy, i feel like i am slipping away. i have not had any kind of suicidal or self harm thoughts, just extreme thoughts of worthlessness.anyone experience anything similar or have thoughts to help break out of this funk? currently struggling
when i was 15 years old i 21 year old man from my church. he was one of the youth group volunteers and therefore, i did not find it odd when he started reaching out to me online. it seemed he was worried about me as an adult and i thought he was trying to sort of guide me into the right path. he would constantly tell me how smart and how beautiful i was. when i was 16 he and i started messaging every day. he would ask about school and ask about my parents. i would complain to him about my parents and instead of giving real advice, he would feed into it. yeah, they do not understand you while making it clear that he understood me. he made me feel so important and so special. by the time i turned 17 and he was 24, we were in constant contact. we would message all day while i was at school and then when i got home. i did not do homework and i stayed up til 3 on some nights just chatting with him. when i got my license he began making sexual advances. at first i tried to keep him away but i wanted to be wanted so badly. he told me that we were supposed to be together. he told me he loved me and he told me i was perfect. he would have me tell my parents i was sleeping at a friends house but i would be sleeping at his house instead. one time he convinced me to try alcohol, telling me it will taste like candy . when i did not like it, he tried to get me to drink the whole things but i would not. he was genuinely obsessed with me. he admitted that he was keeping boys my age away from me whenever he could when i was 15 and 16 years old. he told me that he was always looking at my social media, including what i watched and commented on youtube. there were a couple times i tried to break things off with him but he just would not let go. this went on and off for 6 years until it finally ended for real. i was 23....and i realized that i was around his age when he started things physically with me as a jr. in high school. i pictured myself with a high school jr. of 17 years old and i felt sick to my stomach. it messed me up really badly. i did not know what a healthy relationship was. i never really progressed emotionally the way i was supposed to like i was constantly just stuck at 17 years old. i wanted him in jail. he belongs in jail....only he does not. 34 states the age of consent is 16, including my own. it is legal for an adult of any age to have sex with a 16 year old high school sophomor! in most states, you can even have sex with an actual child...as long as you get married. guess what? it is legal to marry a child in those same states, as long as you get parental consent which parents give all the time. this is literally happening in the united states and it is just fine with everyone. i am messed up forever, going to trauma therapy, and our government is telling me that nothing bad happened to me. because at that age i was considered to be equipped to handle a grown man, feeding me alcohol, telling me he was in love with me and promising me that he was going to solve all my problems. the same age girls were all obsessed with twilight and learning how to drive. i was not old enough to buy cigarettes, or alcohol, or voted....but i could have sex with adults. do not get me wrong i do not think i should have been allowed to buy cigarettes or alcohol or vote....but he should not have been allowed to do the things he did to me. i feel like i am going to vomit. i hate this world. i just want this world to change
so for starters i am a 29 year old guy. i have anxiety, depression, add and ptsd. i take medication. 150 mg zoloft, 27 mg concerta, 10 mg hydroxide or something. about 6 months ago my now ex girlfriend broke up with me. it was not easy to handle but i did my best to try and deal with it. we do not talk anymore and last few times we did it was not so much as talking as me getting told i am a piece of shit and trash etc.. so then in april my dad passed away from multiple cancers. we were told in march that he had 3 to 12 months to live so it was sort of expected. he had stage 2 double lung cancer and stage 4 pancreatic cancer along with other health issues. like i said i am 29. i only started talking to my father when i turned 19 or 20. i was kind of kept from him from my mother. non the less back to the story. we talked every now and again for those 9 or 10 years. got to know him pretty well and he was awesome. i am happy i got to know him before he left. i was in a very low place at this time and was looking for anything to feel better or even different from how i was feeling. so i found some street drugs which i am usually 100 not with! well my ex kind of got me in it. anyways i was dabbling in percocet and meth. only a few times. i did not like the way i felt. it made me feel great for about 5 minutes but then i was just as bad emotionally as i was at the start if not worse because i was now passed at myself for doing drugs.. i used to drink and quit due to stupid decisions i make while drinking and i have not drank besides maybe a beer or two for about 7 years. so on may 4th i had my final conversation with my ex and it was not good. i started drinking because that is the only thing i could think of doing that i knew was not to terrible but would change my emotions in some way shape or form. well i ended up getting black out drunk. i am not sure how much i ended up drinking but i had atleast a 6 pack of 16oz cans. then went to a bar and spent something around 80 there. i was blacked out. i do not remember much. i had somewhere in this evening taken every single pill i had for medication. full prescriptions. so i was drunk, i was on concerta basically adderall , i was on anti depressants and i was on a bunch on anxiety mens. as i said i do not remember much. i do remember however sitting somewhere in the woods and somehow my sister was there and there were police all over. next thing i know or atheist can remember i was tackled by about 5 police officers and was about 20ft from where i just was. i was taken to the hospital and had my stomach pumped and was given a bunch of fluids and medication to calm me down. then an officer came in and was questioning me about stuff. i did not know how to answer most of the questions but in all these questions i found out i hung myself and so i felt my neck and yupp. big imprint from a rope or something. my sister told me then had to cut me down.. i was in the mental hospital for 3 weeks. i am home now and do weekly therapy and a monthly session with another doctor. idk not much seems different. i am not saying i am going to try again or anything but i am saying like what if i had not been stopped? idk. life feels weird now. idk how to explain. idk if i am asking for advice or if i just needed to get this out there. i still feel depressed and sad and lonely and i feel like i am a piece of shit sometimes.. idk. a long read but give me your thoughts please
i never thought id ever vent on a reddit page but its the only bit of help i can find, i have a beautiful girlfriend and a great family to talk to but i just do not get the advice i am after. my mum is a psychiatrist but i just do not want to vent to her at all, it is a bit weird for me.i am a 20 year old male who like the majority have had ups and downs in life, some last a few hours and some last a day or two but this one has been ongoing for about 5 months now. in february i decided to go to holland to work there for 3 months with my best mate and his family to earn and save money. the idea was great and the outcome money wise was also great. although the outcome was good the whole experience was on of the most depressing and stressful experiences ever, going from job to job, north, east, south and west and even living in a motor home for a week when there was 6 of us. i decided to bring my girlfriend with me 3 weeks into the trip to help her look for some work also but that was the worst thing i have ever done. she never found work as there was nothing about for a 19 year old female which caused her to get depressed and down staying in the house hold for the remaining months with nothing to do due to lockdown being so strict in holland. it caused us to clash, i was working 54 hours a week 6 days a week so i was not the happiest which caused me to also be in moods.after coming back to the uk with a nice bit of money saved i decided to invest it into driving and a security course for a new job. driving did not go as planned and took me only until last week to pass the theory even though i arrived back in the uk in end of may. i done a 6 day security course and passed the exams first time, only then to find out i have to get a overseas criminal record check because i use to live in spain which i am still waiting for. so for the past months i have been jobless, sitting in my room watching the days go by. i then fell in love with the sport of boxing, it got me motivated to go out and workout so i am not stuck in doors all the time, i still love the sport now and i was going to classes without fail for 3 months straight. all of a sudden my motivation has just slumped. i was suppose to go to spain to see my parents who i have not seen for about a year now but due to consistent overpriced covid tests to and from we could not go which broke not only me but my parents. all these aspirations are falling apart. i want to be a boxing world champion and i know hard work will take me there but at the moment i am not wanting to do anything. i have ate takeaway for about 2 months straight now and letting the food i bought at the shop go out of date because i cannot be bothered to cook. i have become that slumped and lazy that i have turnt down working a few days with my uncle which would do me some good and help with money. me and my girlfriend have had a rough few weeks of arguments which almost broke us up a few times but thankfully we spoke about it and seem to be getting better. i have made some progress with a few things and i have not drunk any alcohol for nearly 2 months now.but i am just lost, i am skipping boxing today because i just do not want to move, i cannot even be bothered to shower which is unheard of because i am such a hygienic person.i do not know what i want out of this but maybe just some advice or words of courage and tell me to stop being a bitch and man up lost and need advice
my disabilities include mild symptoms such as suicidal impulsivity which lead to 4 hospitalizations in a year, 3 for suicidal ideation and one for hanging myself in a group home which is considered to be mild depression and about 5 more during the ssdi process for psychotic symptoms including one where i was hospitalized for trying to commit suicide by cop as a result of delusions.because those symptoms are considered to be mild according to the ssa, they said it was mild depression and i have a few minor neurological disabilities that affect motor coordination and have trouble with cooking and cleaning and cannot drive and while i have learned to cope with the suicidal impulsivity which is a lot like ocd and it affects my attention and focus, i am not disabled enough to not work despite getting hospitalizations regularly and i have found there is a lack of support for people with minor symptoms such as suicidal impulsivity dissociation or psychosis that may not be qualified for ssi ssdi.in my situation because i have difficulty with work but am a case where i am not disabled enough for support, then i need help since it seems often the only support is ssi or ssdi and vocational rehab i tried to seek with dvr told me that there are no jobs i can do with my reasonable accomodations the alj and my doctor said i needed during the hypothetical that they could find which includes absentees 2 3 times a week, i need to be limited to simple unskilled tasks with limited interaction with the community, no motor vehicle or ability to operate machinery and 2 to 3 breaks a day lasting 15 30 minutes each as reasonable accomodations.i need help with employment that meets accomodations and support to work past the medicaid limits for people with mild disabilities and symptoms such as dissociation or psychosis is an a area with a huge gap along with housing since currently homeless and there is little support for housing.i decided to go off meds to look for a job a week ago since medicaid monthly limits are 1048 a month here and a studio is about 900 a month and would lose health insurance for working past that but it is hard to find one i can do that will hire me with no address, and a three year resume gap and the depression makes it hard to do much. i have been having trouble dealing with the depression and lack of focus off meds so there should be more non medical intervention since i feel really disorganized and out of it and it is been affecting my ability to find employment. i had the ssdi hearing about 90 days ago but as i am homeless and need housing and help before winter, i cannot trust the ssdi process because they will take as long as possible to just deny me and hope i die because i am in wisconsin and do not want to die freezing in a tent, are there any services or programs to help people who cannot work but are not disabled enough for ssi ssdi? i have been stuck in the process for 4 year, was punished with no income and am now severely depressed because i cannot find a job i can do that will hire me with no address and am having mild symptoms such as suicidality that is making it difficult to keep motivated. i have not been able to find any alternative or support and 3 case managers, a therapist and a skills developer gave up on finding housing that takes people with no income after 2 years. what options are there for people too disabled to work but not disabled enough for ssi ssdi?
for some reason my life feel like i m stuck in the th circle of hell or something i don t know why i can t seem to hold grasp of anything positive i m year old i have a job i hate with a passion i m in school and almost have my degree but it s taken me year just for my aa i want to direct movie i feel like i can truly do whatever i want and live an amazing life but i can t seem to grasp it i know the work i have to put in but depression and thing in life keep holding me down i pray to god a lot for guidance and strength and sometimes thing seem so clear but other time everything slip through my finger and i m lost i know some might not be religious but i do believe in god i workout a lot i used to be obese i look completely different and have a lot of muscle but inside sometimes a lot of the time i feel invisible do i want to be seen maybe but more so i just want to be appreciated and i want a woman who love and appreciates me and i want a family i want a son and a daughter and i want to live a wholesome life and i want to live the purpose i know drive me i have a girlfriend she went into the army for the reserve and left in january it s march and i just watched her graduate basic training before she left thing were really great i prayed and prayed to have a woman like her in my life and it felt like god actually answered my prayer when i found out she wa going in the military it broke my heart because we had known each other for a month she decided to go into the reserve so she could come back and we could have a life however since she s been gone i can t shake this anxious feeling and i feel trapped and depressed my life is being held down and i am losing sight of myself i watch other people have kid and marriage and all my friend have kid now and it s something i ve always wanted since i wa young i don t know how to describe it but i m being trapped by thought of abandonment and her changing her feeling towards me and meeting someone new she s reassured me so many time so many that it s just redundant at this point i m not the man i wa when we met and i m so much le confident now and i m so scared of losing this girl i hate my life now and i ve contemplated suicide i feel so trapped by my emotion and anxiety and i can t seem to function right i don t want to go to work or eat or move or do anything i just want this to be over she will graduate tech school ait in two month and i will know if she stay with me but i m humiliated by this whole thing and for some reason thing in my life feel difficult my self esteem ha crashed and i can t think straight it not right and almost pitiful to think but others seem to have a good life with their spouse and i have nothing i know it s not the right way to think i had goal and step to get myself out of my crappy job and to live my dream but i can t reach any of them because of how held down i feel the advice i m asking for is what to do i m trying to have faith thing will work out with this girl but if they don t i m going to crash hard this will be the rd serious relationship i ve had potentially not work and i am so scared of my future and dying alone and i feel i have a good heart and am willing to put in the hard work for a relationship and to be the man a woman desire this woman is the first one i ve ever truly loved and i just feel so lost and like a child i m sure not many will read this because it s so long but i m just in a bad spot
i struggle to get the thing people take for granted my whole school life ha been extremely terrible and i used to get bullied very badly back in kindergarten and some of middle school im in highschool now and i have like no friend only acquaintance i dont go to the nice place that normal people go to for example never went to a waterpark never had a night out or went to the mall with friend or classmate never went to disneyland when i wa a kid never went on a mall shopping spree i ve only ever been too the mall twice in my whole life and i didn t even see all of the mall never went to dave and buster never went to an aquarium never had a female friend 9 never even had a casual conversation with a girl 0 no gift for christmas no gift for my birthday no friend no one to talk to and a million more thing that are normal for childhood i didn t experience that my childhood i dont even want to start on that i used to live in poverty in a room tiny house with a cracked wall and insect because my dad left u my dad left the house when i wa some month old and he took the car and drove slut in it regardless i wanted to speak to him i still visited him and forgave him but then he asked if i wanted to live with him in a bigger nicer country with more opportunity i said yes i experienced true mental torment in that house and the worst part is i didnt even know i thought my parent were the victim because they brainwashed me so much about some thing that i still sometimes struggle if i should believe them or not in that house i wa brainwashed to the point where i couldnt even think for myself i couldnt tell what wa true i couldnt think anything for myself i experienced some not good thing they said i can visit my mom in her country and they pick me up in day to go back to the airport waited day waited a whole week they never came they left me and abandoned me and just left me in some other country and fyi that country is one of the poorest one in my area the house im at now with my mom my sister grandma and uncle isnt perfect in fact sometimes i feel like im losing my mind there they re pretty creepy sometimes except for one of my uncle in the house they dont have any malicious intent or anything but i just dont want to get into it right now im a few pound overweight and almost got an eating disorder it not even my fault that im fat my mom said it because i took a medicine when i wa little and it had a side effect of weight gain i literally eat 0x le than a normal person i dont even eat breakfast like 99 of the time on school day i used to get bullied shitless for my weight no social life no friend thats another depression aswell more ticked off the board no big deal my life so far ha been full of depressing thing so something like this doesnt seem that big anymore this is only 0 of my life s shitness if i went into everything then id prob have to spend like and a half hour typing my life ha just been an absolute mess and what you saw my post is just a fraction of my life so far person trauma is just a small fraction of mine those people who ha a dark phase probably had a good phase they had a normal life and they at least had a period in their life where they were happy i just want to enjoy my life is that too much to ask i feel so jealous of those people who can live a normal life in a normal nice house with story with friend with people to talk to my life ha just been bullshit after bullshit
i have been thinking tonight and i think i had anxiety for more than i can think of. in first 2 years of uni and last year of high school i had a friend whom was anxious and he kind of gave his vibe to me, i panic a lot over small stuff. still it was worse when he was around and since i have not seen him i feel better but, maybe he induces my anxiety, other than that my mom does the same since she probably has anxiety issues but also depressed and taking depression pills. i do not know, i remember in first grade i sat down alone and just felt alone and dissatisfied, this feeling of dissatisfaction still continues till today. i had that feeling of loneliness maybe till 5th grade and then anxiety replaced it? i always feel i cannot trust people, nor they can trust me and i feel worthless. maybe its a relationship issue? i remember in kindergarten there was a girl that we liked each other but after that i moved out of that city.i feel lack of self esteem and motivation, for last 4 years or so i have not done anything really, i guess i was more active in 7th grade 13yo but it gradually went down till 12th where this guy came up and started his nihilistic crap and laziness and it felt like a hit on a nail and i failed 2 studies that year, me whom was acing before.was it puberty that messed me up? i am 22 now but i never had any relationship in my life, i was straight till 18, then anted to make my options more so i did not really care about gender till 20 but then again i feel i cannot get that emotional attachment to a same sex person. speaking of emotions i think i have emotional pain, sometimes my body, my chest and wrists hurt alot and i cry in my bed, i think i have this since when i was 13.i do not have much hope on stuff, things feel a bit numb, my studies are not going well and in last 2 semesters thanks to covid i have not seen many people and i did not study anything, but there were some friends around and we cheated the exams, which i personally have issue with. first semester i dropped a class because the guy gave points to everyone but i wanted to learn the topic so i dropped but now i just feel indifferent, i want to do stuff but i feel i cannot, i feel weak and not in control of my life, i feel i cannot stand for myself and get to anything that i ever want and if i want to do it, something will eventually go wrong and make me to lose. i feel failure is always there and its not a bad thing that happens and makes me sad, its just a part of everything i have or dream of, i guess i cannot achieve anything. i wanted to lose my weight for so long but anxiety made it just worse. i have lost much time that i cannot spend to experience and find stuff that i want i guess, or get skillfulled in two or three skills that i really want and i should just pass on. i failed my uni entrance exam in order to go to a good uni and went to a more normal one which i did not like, and i wanted to change it 3 times and the idea never left me and i still have nightmares about it, i tried to face and do it again but was just looking at an escape because it all was painful and was hurting me even more and someone told me to drop it, so i did stop taking re entrance exam.i do not know what is wrong with me, i went to therapist 2 times but i could really speak since i just do not know.since this is too long i guess no one will even comment on this, huh i would not be amazed what is wrong with me?
i am currently 33, single, on a train towards my mother. i do not have brothers or sisters. mother is all i have got left.3 months ago, i was abroad, living with my married partner still married as of 11 07 21, been with her 10 years , and my family. nice place, fantastic job i still have, but energy for this dropped to zero , dogs, pets, the whole picture. we had an amazing buffer and had an even greater outlook on the future. we barely fought, perhaps if it had to be steak or chicken for dinner.now, 3 months later, my wife is about to be diagnosed with potentially various mental disorders. something in her head clicked 3 months ago, slept around, started to drink, smoke, had various physical yes it started with physical ailments, tachycardia, ovary pain , it all pointed towards potential bipolar and perhaps something else. she overdosed, entered into a psychiatric facility, who said the same, she is bipolar. i look behind her eyes, and there is nothing left of the woman i once met.i went to the doctor, i need help. and he did, extra pills, therapy.in the ten good years i have had with her, we fulfilled the bucket list, financially secure, loving family. we did everything, together. all countries, we tried all drugs, we bought our first car, etc. all shared firsts . the financiall security has diminished as she went into hardcore drugs to mask the mayhem in her brain she is now on prescribed pills by her shrink but subsequently were the ones she used for overdose.she feels the entire world is after her, to get her. her entire group of friends altered, all her previous friends are enemies, the new ones are nothing but codependent enablers who yammer nothing wrong with you girl an extremely bright person, broke, into a 1000 pieces.i could not focus anymore, work went tits up.i have already achieved everything i wanted, and all i wanted now was to keep what we had. life is not a rodeo, i remember i buried my dad , so i was expecting a downturn, but not one like this.i wrote various this is it suicide letters to all my friends and loved ones for their help over the years and went to a bridge last thursday night. a jump would have done it, not on a car. minimum impact. i had a list left of people id call if i would do something this big.one picked up, we talked for 6 hours, following morning doctor, higher dosage.they all understood. even my mum. all understood, they were respectful. i am walking around with 150 pressure in my head while i can only take 100 daily. i told my friends, and my doctor and therapist. my head is ticking. i can take this another few weeks until i break again. they got it.i am in perfect condition, eat healthy.the overdose, the mourning of what i once had, the now what question as i already achieved financial and corporate success in my field, and all hobbies i once had are triggers to my past. so obviously i am trying new hobbies, i use the pills, i meet friends, i work out, i still do my job at 25 , i keep swimming.but this is nothing more but a boring equation of, i realize time heals wounds, but if time is 45 days, and i am currently drowning every day, i do not know if i will make it to those 45 days...any advice? because this write up was nothing else to waste another 15min to get to that time heals wounds phase. what to do now? i feel i have done everything i achieved in life family, work and it came crashing down after i hit the summit
so im depressed and right now i m getting more and more suicidal it started with intrusive thought imagining myself in many violent suicide scenario but right now i m seriously considering suicide because it get worse and worse and i have no idea when my life will improve in any way i m trans and i haven t started transitioning yet i don t even feel like i m living i m just wasting my life leaving a something in between because i m not a woman but literally no one see me a a man even i myself feel like a joke instead of proper guy even when i m not depressed it s not like i m functioning normally i have adhd with executive dysfunction a my worst symptom and i also have asd so i always and up being awkward or off or not acting not properly in any social setting i feel awful all the time and i constantly vent to my friend even though despite them sort off telling thats okay i know how annoyed by this they are and how little they care and even though i understand fully i m hurt by this because almost every time when i m available i m listening and trying to give my best support if they need to vent especially with one of my friend we can end up on a meeting when 90 of the time she s the only one talking but when i message them anything i know i do that a lot but still even if they even bother to read it i usually get one word response or just sad emojis i don t know i just every day feel like there s le thing important for me to keep going the only thing that kept me from even considering suicide a some real option wa vision of starting my life a my true gender and not wanting to traumatise people close to me but transitioning seems like it won t happen anytime soon and every day spent in my body feel like hell i m not even exaggerating i get constantly flight or fight response triggered by my own body and with people close to me i m getting more distant from them every day most of the time i don t have energy for anyone but when i sort of do i m still super irritable i just got super distant from my friend i feel that i know nothing about most of them and the closest one are just annoyed by my constant low mood or i m annoyed by them feeling like they need to criticise my behaviour like smoking or not being able to motivate myself to do thing i won t even start talking about my ex he just make my day worse just by being around me and that s all the time i don t know i just feel like no one care about me in a meaningful way my friend either criticise me or give me meaningless support my parent don t take my issue seriously they literally wan na take me of all my med in about two month which would fuck me up because it would mean no more focus on anything lack of adhd med no more sleep some anxiety med that i use for my sleep trouble and i would quit my antidepressant which i started to take in le than two week ago my psychologist is caring about me only because she s paid and even though i like her she s still isn t able to help me and i m still not able to open up to her either cause of fear of being honest about my feeling or because of my shitty memory that cause to remember me all the wrong thing at the wrong time i feel like this mini personal hell won t end soon and even if it will it won t mean that all my issue will go away i m stuck with being trans awkward and having adhd for the rest of my life no matter what i do and i don t want it to be this way
without going into too much of my background i just want to say i have a pretty good life. a wonderful wife, amazing 3 year old boy and a lot of responsibilities like cars and a house. must mean all my complaints are probably pretty trivial and customary to someone in my position right? the problem is i cannot keep a job. the sad thing? i get tons of praise wherever i work. people are always happy with my performance. i am quick, efficient and work incredibly hard. yet here i am again. this is going to be the second year where i will have three or more w2's. i just do not get it. usually something in me will snap and my behavior while not violent or angry will start the downward trend towards unemployment. it usually happens so fast. i come in to work like this morning ready to work, something distasteful happens and the stewing begins and before you know it i walk away just because i cannot deal with how i feel inside. so much emotion that i just cannot function. whether it is sadness or anger i just have no way to vent and over the course of 10 minutes or 2 hours, days or weeks. i am done. time to find yet another job. it can happen instantly even.honestly this cycle is becoming so incredibly depressing. i know how i must look to my wife and i do not want my son to think this is normal . the fact is i do not lose jobs because of my behavior or performance, i lose jobs because i quit. i just cannot stay happy anywhere i work. i tried changing professions a little over a year ago from being a mechanic of 8 years to driving a truck and it did not help. i feel like any job i do i will be unsatisfied, something will happen and the snap will occur and i will just be done again. i absolutely hate this. i worked at a place for a year as a garbage truck driver, gained respect, was considered one of the fastest and was constantly praised...however i lost my truck for a month, became disenchanted, began seeing shadows in the water and made them out to be sharks. in the end, i walked away feeling like i was treated unfairly when in all reality i probably was not.i do not know how to stop this. i am constantly letting my thoughts run rampant and i cannot figure out a way to fix this. i want so bad to go back into the army just because it was the longest job i ever held due to my inability to quit. when given the option and things do not go the way i expect i always do this. many of you may believe that makes me a quitter but it is not when things get hard that i become lazy or procrastinate. it is always the next day, or the next week when these crazy ideas come into my head and then it is a matter of time...like a cancer. i cannot express how sad this existence makes me. normal people do not suffer from chronic job quitting unless they are running from their own professional inadequacies. a preemptive move on avoiding termination. after some introspection i do believe part of my problem within my own head is i absolutely refuse to talk to anyone about what is going on up there. i do not want others to think i am a complainer. i do not want to burden others with my problems and things just stew and become worse. i am living on borrowed time and i have a family who depends on me. unless i discover a solution i am going to lose everything.i do not know if that is something to be depressed about but i really honestly feel it is. at 32 suffering from chronic job quitting
i don t have someone emotionally close by my parent do love me but it s cold and lack intimacy i am looking to feel emotionally safe i am trying to find a girlfriend with whom i can be safe emotionally but till them i feel i am fighting alone with no one to give me a hand if i fall emotionally to get up so i fear doing lot of thing i live in state of fear like i might one wrong thing with a date work etc and domino will fall and everything will come crumbling down which will now even push me off my physical safety couple of thing about me i am m brown man from india currently living in europe i had childhood where i had oppositional defiant disorder imagine the junior healy from problem child or the movie the babadook but he had understanding father i didn t had such supporting figure and school made it clear to my mother if he isn t disciplined he will be kicked out of school and she fearing i would not have better future without school education i will be left behind she implemented corporal punishment like kicking me hitting with metal rod etc and routine shaming at school for me being bad wa common getting kicked out of class wa common so much that now i joke about my childhood a being and outstanding student because of many time i wa to stand out of class there wa a point when thing got to boiling point that my mom wished i wasn t born to her eventually i realized the pain i caused people about me i started to doing thing to make others my mom happy well i tried it didn t worked always i never lost my rebel streak but a constant ping in my head would haunt me of thing i have done to cause others inconvenience in past somewhere down the line i lost myself and i trying to be myself but i fear of falling in my old self and everybody hating me i have fear of judgment like one recent example i live in white neighborhood and given the medium doesn t have that many positive image of young brown man other than extremely nerdy or extremely creepy and i fear if i like someone who isn t brown might judge me don t get me wrong if a stoic brown girl come in my life with good sense of humor and decent looking i don t mind having a relationship with her but i fear if we both have exposed to similar set of medium trope she might judge me by same parameter i try to use humor a coping mechanism to make people around me happy but then get in overthinking and depression mode if one person doesn t laugh or find me annoying i have intimacy issue i think i don t remember exact detail but i wa being cheeky a usual with a girl back in india she wa laughing at my joke and at one point she said you so cute and hugged me that feeling of hug felt so foreign that i stood there frozen i am hyper independent cause my mom have warned me since childhood that world is not safe place and people can take advantage of you so never be under anybody s thumb which i guess make sense not gon na lie but it also make you skeptical of lot of people which is also not good i guess i will help someone with no second thought but asking for help make me feel like keep a large rock on my heart so i forgo my need seeing happy couple make me depressed a i feel left behind like i should have done this long time ago anybody can tell me something or provide me with link or insight a for now i couldn t afford therapy i am trying to find one i am in talk with a therapy at a church in a city thanks a lot
pointless living and nothing will get better i'm 32m and have been dealing non fixable problems for a long time. i've seen that extended family is pretty much an arseholes and there's a tipping point where my life changed because of that. at the end of uni i realised one thing i feel like i picked a wrong subject. that's the time that i realised that working in it back in my birth country, i won't achieve anything or can afford anything by myself. at the same time, i realised and considered my existence in this life. i feel nobody could hear my voice, nobody cares, and so on. graduated, i ended up couldn't find a job for years. literally years. i had only two jobs one for 6 months and another for 1 month. i never and even up until today, feel proud that i worked there. i feel like it's just necessity to do something for money living. that's from i graduated in 2012 2013 to 2018. years of sending cvs and interviews, none of them stick around. during that 5 6 years, another major event happened to me and my parents. i realised that working in family is a big red warning because how they can treat you bad since you're family . that's what happened to my dad. he lost his job because he and my mom tried to give a reasonable opinion towards my uncle's son their nephew. huge debate and my parents ended up losing the job. that moment is a tipping point for me. i had huge anxiety issue and major depression. i went deep down the rabbit hole and i have no point of living anymore until i got an opportunity to move country by myself for study and got a job in it industry. for a slight moment, i feel better in my life but it went and still goes back to my depression amp x200b from here, this is the present problem that i have due to losing a job from his brother and being an older people in my country , my dad doesn't have any income at all. i have to support them just for the sake being a son should help their parents' or anything about family should support each other due to my depression, i got a suggestion from counsellor that helping people might help me slowly. oh boy it's a very very wrong advice. i ended up losing lots and lots of money helping someone just to get on their feet and still didn't help. i can't even afford to rent place. house pricing is ridiculous, that includes living cost crisis that happened anywhere around the world. having flatmates is a nightmare. i even tried to sacrifice what i do regularly so they can have things they want like quieter place, have their freedom, etc. but all of them back to the reason why i created this post i'm tired living like this. this issue never ends and the only solution is pretty much having enough or lots of money. people just don't care what i've been through and nobody wants to help me as well. family, friends, all of them are just arseholes. sometimes i wish they're gone. like literally gone or die. my parents and everybody else in this world. if it doesn't allow, i just wish i'm dead. never wake up anymore in the morning. i already wish the same thing every night. i feel done and i'm actually done both physically and mentally. stress, feeling sick all the time, i sleep through the weekend and still feeling tired, i have no friends and nobody, losing money means i have money problem as well, and nothing's good anymore in my life. i have made peace with death. living is a thing that scared me the most.
hello r depression, 21m here, i have been meaning to create this post for a few days but have spent sometime collecting my thoughts before i proceed, my primary objective with this post is to see if anyone can relate and whether what i am feeling is 'normal ' or something more.for some background, i was a relatively happy child with my most fond memories being around ages 10. for some reason around this age is permanently burnt into my mind, so vivid where as everything else is quite vague. if i really think back this is most likely the last time i felt true happiness in my eyes, just after my father amp mother divorced so my mother, brother and i living together. not that i personally feel like this had any major impact on me, just something to mention also.up until 2017 which was my last year of high school things were okay, nothing that would really stand out. just going through the motions like most teenagers i suppose, by no means was i a social butterfly or anything but i had a few friends with whom i would play wow with after school on weekends.february 2018 is when i can pinpoint the first time i felt the feeling of malaise. i remember it distinctly, sitting on the couch thinking wow this is really strange, maybe i am just tired. should just get an early night . my family had gone on holidays and i was home alone so i narrowed it down to just being a bit lonely. there was some more background i was going to add, but i do not want to bore anyone and understand this is not a therapy session. fast forward to 2019 2020, i started feeling this malaise more often maybe once or twice a month for a week or so. it sounds bizarre but i could feel it coming, my eyes start feeling heavy and i can feel pressure on my forehead. i would not say i feel sad at all, i just feel nothing or emptiness. my father passed away in 2019 and i felt nothing, so much so i felt obliged to put on an act so other people would not think i was a psychopath.still at the time, it was not too hard to deal with as it would go after a week or so, october last year they seemed to become more intense and longer lasting. to where i took up smoking pot again to help, i work and have a lot of study outside of work so i stopped as i knew deep down what i should really be doing.as i see it now everything is so pointless, i do not enjoy anything anymore the only thing i really have to live for is my family and even then i do not really communicate. i just spend all my time inside my own head, an eternally one sided dialog to try and help with loneliness amp emptiness.even when i feel something, anything it puts me into a bad mood. last time i can recount is walking past a kfc and the smell provoked some sort of feeling and then again i feel like shit. i do not even bother hanging onto anything for hope anymore, while studying i took a long break from gaming. what got me through was the thought of playing again, once i got there no enjoyment.i think sometimes life just is not for me, not everyone can enjoy or find value in everything.is this me being overly sensitive, i understand there are people who have it worse than me but i just cannot shake this feeling of emptiness, loneliness, indifference, hopelessness.. i do not even know how to describe it, i am supposed to live for another 50 years, i just cannot see it happening. is what i am feeling 'normal '? how do i proceed from here?
hello r depression, 21m here, i have been meaning to create this post for a few days but have spent sometime collecting my thoughts before i proceed, my primary objective with this post is to see if anyone can relate and whether what i am feeling is 'normal' or something more.for some background, i was a relatively happy child with my most fond memories being around ages 10. for some reason around this age is permanently burnt into my mind, so vivid where as everything else is quite vague. if i really think back this is most likely the last time i felt true happiness in my eyes, just after my father amp mother divorced so my mother, brother and i living together. not that i personally feel like this had any major impact on me, just something to mention also.up until 2017 which was my last year of high school things were okay, nothing that would really stand out. just going through the motions like most teenagers i suppose, by no means was i a social butterfly or anything but i had a few friends with whom i would play wow with after school on weekends.february 2018 is when i can pinpoint the first time i felt the feeling of malaise. i remember it distinctly, sitting on the couch thinking wow this is really strange, maybe i am just tired. should just get an early night . my family had gone on holidays and i was home alone so i narrowed it down to just being a bit lonely. there was some more background i was going to add, but i do not want to bore anyone and understand this is not a therapy session. fast forward to 2019 2020, i started feeling this malaise more often maybe once or twice a month for a week or so. it sounds bizarre but i could feel it coming, my eyes start feeling heavy and i can feel pressure on my forehead. i would not say i feel sad at all, i just feel nothing or emptiness. my father passed away in 2019 and i felt nothing, so much so i felt obliged to put on an act so other people would not think i was a psychopath.still at the time, it was not too hard to deal with as it would go after a week or so, october last year they seemed to become more intense and longer lasting. to where i took up smoking pot again to help, i work and have a lot of study outside of work so i stopped as i knew deep down what i should really be doing.as i see it now everything is so pointless, i do not enjoy anything anymore the only thing i really have to live for is my family and even then i do not really communicate. i just spend all my time inside my own head, an eternally one sided dialog to try and help with loneliness amp emptiness.even when i feel something, anything it puts me into a bad mood. last time i can recount is walking past a kfc and the smell provoked some sort of feeling and then again i feel like shit. i do not even bother hanging onto anything for hope anymore, while studying i took a long break from gaming. what got me through was the thought of playing again, once i got there no enjoyment.i think sometimes life just is not for me, not everyone can enjoy or find value in everything.is this me being overly sensitive, i understand there are people who have it worse than me but i just cannot shake this feeling of emptiness, loneliness, indifference, hopelessness.. i do not even know how to describe it, i am supposed to live for another 50 years, i just cannot see it happening. is what i am feeling 'normal'? how do i proceed from here?
i figured i would rant in a depression sub more than anywhere else. i always feel like i should not have any real reason to be depressed because i live in a first world country where there is an abudance of opportunity for anything you want. however, i have feelings of self doubt, pity, anxiety and a general low self esteem most of the time. i am 23 years old and i hate my life. i graduated in mechanical engineering in august 2020 and i still have not found a job in my field. this is partially the reason why my depression is bad. i have never had a girlfriend in my entire life and the last girl i tried to talk to ended up ghosting me. i do not particulary blame them either as it is my fault at the end of the day. i cannot beat the depression no matter how hard i try. i have followed every piece of advice i can take such as exercising, eating well, sleeping 8 hours a day, getting sunlight and i still feel like a piece of shit more and more. i would believe this might have to do with childhood teenage trauma that i have had. my brother was not the best person in my life, which sucks becasue up to when i was 13 years old, he was amazing and awesome. afterwards, he would because me a lot of physical abuse and mental abuse. he gave me two black eyes in school which many teachers would question if i was okay at home. i was not but i did not let them know that to protect my brother from receiving a bad reputation. i told my parents, but they did not really do anything about it besides a stern talking to my brother. he left me in 15 temperature one time for a few hours where i was just wandering the neighbourhood i live fairly far from any store so i did not really have a shelter . the thing that makes it worse is that he has a successful life with a loving wife and amazing friends. it makes me sad that people can harm others and still never receive any karma. the next factor is the amount of bullying i received as a kid from my former friends. surprisingly the ones who became my bully was my friend. this friend is very charismatic and good at getting friends himself. due to my shyness and having virtually no backbone, i became a really easy target when we started highschool as he was able to convince other kids to bully me as well. the bullying was not anything crazy, just name calling and making me look dumb a lot. however, they did this every day and it ended up taking a toll on me. these kids are also super successful now and have great relationships. i realized more in university how pathetic and below average i am to my peers. everyone else can do things much more easier than i can, have much more talents, and are generally smarter than me. i have extreme social anxiety and i always struggle showing my persoanlity around others. maybe it is a defense mechanism and i will be betrayed again. some good will hunting type of shit lol if it was not for tv shows and the internet, i would be a lot more depressed than i am now. i honestly believe i am a burden to everyone around me and my parents are making it more clear that they do not want me around since i have not obtained a job in my field and am sorta just coasting in life right now. thank you for reading this post if you have, but if not i understand as well. tl dr i am killing myself in a month and i generally do not have any actualy reason to want to keep living killing myself soon
22 y o m, moved to a new state halfway across the country with a sort of friend from middle school, i say sort of because the only context of us hanging out was either to smoke a blunt or just at a party, i have always been cool with him but we have never been like best friends or anything. i am posting this because although he is my roommate i still feel incredibly alone. through this time spent alone being about the last year or so of total isolation before we got a lease about 3 months ago i have learned that i do not really have any friends. none of my close friends from home have even called me or texted me hardly. in response to this i have left all groupchats and anything else involving them as i should not have to be friends with them just because we have hung out for 10 years or so, especially if they do not care about what i am doing or how i am doing, constantly i am seeing them check on eachother and it makes me feel incredibly left out, but it makes me think that maybe they just do not think that i need want to be checked on. whatever maybe this is a hole only i have put myself in, but i still think if i even did have one true friend someone would have asked to come hangout. i moved to a pretty tourist destination place with legal weed so all my homies when i initially moved here all said they wanted to plan trips and yadda yadda yadda of course none of which ever was actually an intention. my roommate however has had multiple friends make time to come out here and spend time with him. maybe i am a fucking sack of shit and i just do not see it. my issue is not wanting my friends back. i have decided to just grow myself and my abilities, but all i have been is depressed and unmotivated and self loathing. i have no flame within me anymore for any sort of creative passions or ideas even. i just want to know how to meet people, covid has made things weird and i went actively looking on friday to multiple bars in my area only to find that i was the youngest at just about every one. i do not know what i need really, certainly not mentally in a place to have a girlfriend although the comfort of having that would obviously be nice but what kind of woman wants a man who is depressed and unmotivated with no plans. currently my day to day routine since i was also fired from my job as a office administrator has been wake up, shower, gym, eat, shower, lay in bed and stare into the void and take depression naps. i have tried drawing on my ipad or making videos and i just end up sitting at my desk with my head in my hands thinking about what if i died and how peaceful that may be. in death there would be no stress to have these connections relationships, i feel like part of me feels that it is a massive flaw to need others simply for my own maintenance it feels incredibly dependent and i hate that. i am always willing to give myself and all of my attention and help to anyone i would think is a friend and never in my life have i felt that reciprocated, never have i felt like a bullet would be caught in return. i am a simp for human connection and i feel that with this literal entire year without minus a couple tinder dates i feel so bad almost sick. i do not know if this is a rant or what but i would appreciate tips for anyone who maybe has been in this place before and what helped you get through. 22y o feels like the end already.
hi i m f and my partner guy is also i say partner because i ve had mixed message about being in a relationship or not recently with him and i think this is a factor to my anxiety too fyi i have had bad anxiety since an abusive relationship at university and another one where i had a bf cheat multiple time my parent did not have a healthy relationship when i wa younger and where both not very present till my later teenage year i don t suffer anxiety in general but my relationship anxiety ha only got worse the older i get current situ we ve been dating month about week ago his twin brother died suddenly which wa tragic accident they were extremely close and he s been very unemotional about it all hasn t cried and been very rational before we got together we were friend before although i always knew he wanted more than that he d asked me on a few date in the past which i declined because he isn t usually someone i would go for but personality win me over everytime he wa also very consistent over text and the quality of conversation wa always really good which a someone with r anxiety the reassurance that someone is interested really help and usually attracts me more to them this ha since faded massively even before the passing of his brother and i find even some day the conversation is a 0th of what it used to be we ve discussed this and a lot of the time he say it s due to work and just over time not needing to keep up this same level because he is no longer chasing me because of my anxiety the long period of lack of communication i struggle with and my brain start to panic i find myself regularly checking his instagram who he follows what picture he s liked it s not healthy and i m trying to stop because it never help but almost become like an ocd since his brother passed he s shown me glimpse of seeing a future together he introduced me to some friend double date and his parent sister which i don t feel you would do if you didn t see a relationship potential he s said he would have asked me to be his gf when we should have gone on holiday the week after his brother passed but since i ve had mixed comment from whether we are in a relationship or still dating i find myself in a constant spiral atm due to the lack of communication which he say a factor is the grieving this is hard to overcome i feel awful to keep bringing up i need more in this situation i e if he can t text due to busy day can he call me more he agrees but never follows through consistently so every week i m cycling the anxiety cry worry that s now affecting my work and day to day in this situation i don t know what to do the anxiety is becoming worse and worse i don t want to have to keep bringing it up to him because of everything going on in his personal life but he doesn t seem to be meeting any emotional need for me and i m worried i won t cope long term with someone who can t reassure me i also feel guilty for wanting more from him i do hope it will get better in time a he is still in shock grieving process but it s hard to tell how would you handle this situation do you continue to suffer in silence with the anxiety in order to stop putting pressure on the other person when they are grieving or would ending the situation be better i wouldn t want to do this i m very happy with him but i feel like in a short space of time this ha been intense and draining
i am 17 and i have never done anything meaningful with my life, and will never get the chance. my mom homeschooled me and forced me to do ridiculous amounts of schoolwork not religious, she is the crazy my kid has to be einstein type . as such i never met another child until 9th grade when i started high school in public school. obviously i had been on the internet for years so i understood things like memes and pop culture, but i have still never had a friend. amp x200b life is just so pointless for me. my parents act like i am a success to my face but i cannot help but imagine how they must see a loser who has never had a friend or gone out on his own. amp x200b the cherry on top is i have not even been able to learn how to drive, i am too scared and i choke every time, i got driving classes but the teacher berated me for being slow to learn. amp x200b all of my so called achievements are a joke, nothing that anybody would ever give a shit about. i have mostly a's in school but i would never even make an effort if not for my mom pressuring me. amp x200b the problem is in so many ways my life is pretty good , like i have reliable food water a home not a house just a little townhome, everyone else at school in my neighborhood has a house, but still... , etc. so i do not really have anything to complain about, but nothing good happens either. life is just so so boring. and will never get better. i cannot help but feel i will never be able to move out. we do not really have any money once rent and food and my mom's medical bills are spent, but i guess we are lucky for that. amp x200b anyway back to me, i have never done anything meaningful or that anyone else will remember. at the end of the day i am just a pathetic nerd who sits at home all day with no friends. amp x200b oh yeah did i mention that i am a fat piece of shit who cannot motivate himself to exercise or eat less? my life sucks. eating is the high point of my day, there is literally nothing else to get enjoyment out of. i absolutely fucking despise myself for this i am fucking disgusting. my body is completely nonfunctional anyway and was before i got fat, i have always had a pathetic body and a disgusting face that looks like it was stuck on as a skin graft for the slenderman. literally my face looks like someone cut holes into a faceless being, it is flat and i literally have no jaw. amp x200b i do not know why i even fucking try anymore. my mom is chronically ill and tries to pretend that she does not hate me, but it shines through occasionally when she flies into a rage and shows her true colors. my dad is an emotionless piece of shit who never bothered to be a dad, never spent time with me, only dinner and occasionally weekends all other times he stares into his computer making clear he hates me. amp x200b it does not help all my interests are pathetic nerd shit like scp and politics. i think i like scp because it is a fictional world where there is pathetic guys like me who matter. amp x200b i am not even worried about relationships, i have never entertained the idea that i would ever have a girlfriend, so it does not worry me, it is horribly sad but i do not waste my time. i just wish i had real friends or could do something to make people remember me. nobody will fucking remember me. just another miserable forgotten loser. pathetic and soon forgotten
hi im an m and i just feel i am a lost cause i hate everything about my life and barley if at all want to do any of the work to make it better nothing about my life is horrible besides my relationship but thats another story lol i live in an average middle class house with my dad and have a decent setup for life i have friend who like me for me i hope and have started to go to party and etc but i just cant shake my depression or feeling of hating myself ive been like this since i wa or and nothing could help and all ive gotten is worse i wa a smart kid but now i haven t done any of my schoolwork and im supposed to graduate in month and i cheated through all of last year schooling because of covid i had a job then switched to doing doordash instacart since im but now i cant even motivate myself to go do that i hate my body the way i act i especially hate being gay i hate my adhd i hate that i get jealous of other people being happy with themselves it really hurt and i hate that i feel like i have no passion in life and i have nothing i really want to work towards besides having nice clothes and even then when i think of that i get more unmotivated because i already hate my body and wish clothes fit better on me already so i just get disappointed and think i will never look remotely close to the way i want i really think this is because of the tik tok era my body make me feel disgusting and i feel like i have the ugliest face in the world im like abnormally skinny 9 0 lb but i cant gain weight because even when i try i forget to eat or put it off to continue what im fixated on at the moment like i had my first meal at pm today ive asked my dad various time to get me setup with a psychiatrist but that will never happen knowing my parent ive been recommended to a therapist by my school counselor since th grade the only one ive had is the school provided one they gave for covid i just like in general hate myself and my life and i feel even worse about it because i shouldn t hate it i have a lot that i should be grateful for that i just take for granted for god sake i have been in my room for the past month doing nothing most people do not have that kind of luxury amp x 00b oh yeah and on the topic of my relationship which i think contriubutes to this feeling gt we ve been on and off for like year almost now i wa groomed im pretty sure he im you can do the math he is emotionally abusive and denies that he wa horribly abusive to me in the past for example he used to tell me about people asking to hookup with him constantly boost his own ego he put me down with insult and name accuses me of causing a scene or starting something when i have a reaction to a rude action he doe he didnt get me anything for valentine day or christmas he ha hit me twice but love to be like it wa a shirt i whipped you with and im sure he like that im depressed he ha said im going to end up a strung out drug addict like my mom that im a loser who will rot away who isn t even doing that bad rn and she isn t a strung out addict never wa she wa rich most her life im sorry if this isn t cohesive or whatever i just needed somewhere to vent my thought and hopefully get help i just really wish i didnt feel like this and my brain didnt hate me i wish i could just go to the gym and start doing my school work and get myself on track but i just cant
these past few years have been aggravating, and now i am just logged off of my social media, pretty much where anyone in real life, knows me in some way. no ones about my reddit account .i hate social media. all i see are a bunch of stupid posts. post that think are funny to those people but they are obviously not to me. i get annoyed at everything. i hate small talk, so when someone, whether it is a random person or someone i know, say some stupid shit like hey or how are you i just want to throw my fucking phone out the window. i hate it. i hate talking to people. i was not always like this. i never really had friends a bff, reliable, etc in my life so i would be kind of open to try and make new friends, but everytime, something about it just makes not want to hang out with them or talk to, and it is not the introverted side talking, it is the annoyance of that person. just when you think someone is okay, first impression, over a short period of time, i realize that these people are just not my type to talk to, hang out with, etc. i ghost them because i do not want to talk to, what i think are pathetic people. i have never told anyone about this kind of hatred except for here, so in their perspective, i am a chill person. i keep everything bottled up. everything including grudges that i could remember since the day i learned to walk. no ones cares about me, no one pays attention to me. so out of the blue and without any thought, i am just logging out of my social media, hiding and deleting content. i hate looking and my class graduates having the time of their life. i hate how when i try to explain something to them, they do not get it or get the actual point of it.all i see is a bunch of stupid people. i know if these see what i typed here, they would think less of me. they already think i am a nobody. i was a nobody in high and i am a nobody now. i hate when people say if you need someone to talk to i am right here because that is what everyone says. when i do manage to talk to someone, it is just stupid advise, stupid talk, surely they do not understand how i am feeling and what i am going through because they say some shit that does not even relate to it. there is not even a point in get some kind of therapy talking to someone because i think i am too stubborn to listen to so called advice. i have always been the quiet person, in school, at home, everywhere. so this post just seems more like a rant than a cry for help. it might be just the symptoms from the withdrawals i had from my antidepressants. i take 75mg of venlafaxine, and my pharmacy fucked up my prescription order so i have been off of them for a good few weeks. i finally got back on them about yesterday. it will take some time for me to calm down now, but when i am on this current medication, i still feel aggravated.my first meds were 10mg of lexapro, then 20mg lex., then 10mg of prozac, 37.5mg effexor xr, now 75mg of effexor.i am for this post. i am sorry for this stupid rant. surely i am going to regret this later and feel embarrassed, but i just do not let anything out. i bottle up too much shit. it is hard to talk about stupid feelings and such. ghosting my social media seems like a great start for me, i have hated it for many reasons.sorry again. i am 21f. i hate just about everything. i am ghosting social media where people know me.
i do not normal ly post these sort of things but figured i would give it a try.so here we go i am 30 years old, live with my parents and i am in a low paying job that i am making no progress in but cannot just pack in. things have not seemed to go right for many years, would not be surprised if it is my own damn fault but there you go.i suffered from crohn's disease ulcerative colitis unclear which as a teenager. fortunately we managed to get it into remission but now i suffer with ibs which is less serious but still very uncomfortable, irritating and humiliating. i think there is other things wrong but my gastroentorologist said no.i had wonderful, long curly hair as a teenager, now at 30 it has receded and thinned to the extent that i have less hair than a sphinx cat. whilst i have come to terms with this and believe me it took a while it is still annoying to have this happen at such a young age.i have been a heavy drinker for many years, basically pissing away my entire wage down the pub. around christmas 2020 i managed to cut down significantly and was getting in shape and quitting smoking. however, it is gotten worse since the pubs reopened. as i am naturally shy alcohol opens me up and drowns sorrows. i have been getting plastered and end up messaging people on facebook, most times it is benign but other times it is been very bad and i have made a prick of myself, been too drunk to know what i was doing but because i am used to messaging drunk my messages are legible if bizarre. i have lost friends and been borderline traumatised by what i have done..i am very romantically lonely, i am used to picking up after a beer, but this is not very frequent. sometimes women have messaged me on fb for a hookup, but it is few and far between. one relationship i did want to work out was with a coworker, but it was very strange, she seemed to lead me and a few other coworkers on and now she is in a relationship with another woman. i am still upset about that it did not work out, i was under the impression she preferred women and i have not got a problem with that but i am sad it did not work out as i really cared for her.i seem to suffer an anxiety disorder, and possibly on the autistic spectrum but that is never been formally diagnosed. might be a personality disorder but i do not know.as a key worker i have been working the entire pandemic, as its too cramped in the house i have been working in the office as it gets me out, around people and gives me a routine. the office is now very quiet as most people are content to work from home and have no urgency to return whilst they are permitted to work from home. the work is either very dull or needlessly complex, standard bureaucracy.now things could be a lot worse and i am aware of that, i have a job and a place to sleep. and i am not saying it is anyone else's fault as i have been very unambitious my whole life. but i just feel completely lost, life going nowhere and like i am in purgatory. the old adage i hear when i mention i am stuck is only you can change things which is true but i just do not know what to do.i have no idea what to do at all. i just want to escape and start all over again but society is feeling very dystopian at the moment to me with this pandemic.thank you for taking the time to read this. 30m life going nowhere, lost and feeling hopeless
not sure where to start, i am finding life a constant struggle and i am tired and sick of it now. i feel like there is a massive weight crushing down on me. i cannot remember the last time i felt truly happy. i had an average childhood, my dad worked long hours so did not really build a relationship with him, my mam was the centre of the family. i suppose i will start when my family were involved in a horrific car accident, they all survived but sustained very severe injuries. my sister and mam were hurt the most, my sister was left with scars to her face but she battled through it and learn to live with it, my mam never really got over what happened to her. life went on though and it became a memory we tried to forget. my mam then took ill, she was diagnosed with cancer. we we all devastated but the surgeons had a plan and said they would fix it, she would survive but would need alot of surgery and rehabilitation, she went through the surgery and was on the road to recovery when she took her own life. our world fell apart as you would imagine. she was a born worrier and i suppose the stress of it all just got too much for her. again life went on although it was never the same again. i had my wife and children to focus on so the years passed as we carried on. i had the chance to take over and own the company i had worked at for many years so i took the opportunity to make a good life for my family,however the stress was immense and i could feel myself heading down and down into a breakdown, then i found out my wife had been having an affair with one of my best friends. this completely through me and destroyed every last thing i had in my life, i thought i could fix it, make it work with her but she no longer loved me so eventually i moved out. i set up home not far away from the family home and rebuilt my life for me and my children. i dated, had a few short relationships, then met someone who lives across the street, i thought this was the beginning of the rest of my life. unfortunately, due to my wifes affair i now have trust issues, i find myself being controlling over my girlfriend. she continues to text her ex because they have 4 children together but this make me very anxious and causes alot of arguments between us. i have literally just told her we need to end our relationship because it is making me unhappy. to top this all off my sister has just been diagnosed with bowel and liver cancer, we were told its unlikely that its totally curable and that treatment will only slow it down. she adopted her son as a baby, hes now 9 years old, she is a single parent. my dad is not in the best of health but not life threatening, hes diabetic and struggles to control his sugar. i can see my life heading down a path i have no control over, i may lose my sister and dad over the next few years, i will be then responsible for raising my sisters adopted son, i have to work long hours to make ends meet but i do ok. i just feel like my whole like is falling apart and i am all alone. my kids are great but i only see them part time. being completely honest they are the only thing keeping me going now but i am afraid that the way i feel that they might not be enough. i do not know what to do. i want to be happy but i feel like i am just not allowed to be and my life is to be one of misery and sadness. sick of life
i will try to keep this relatively brief if i can. i am suffering. i was diagnosed with severe depression with suicidal tendencies and ptsd when i was 12 years old. i received treatment and things went generally smoothly up until this year. i have joined the military 3 years ago and this job has absolutely stressed me beyond anything i could have imagined. i started having severe depressive episodes to the point where i have come extremely close to killing myself multiple times for years. on top of that, i am in charge of a specific section with only one person in it besides me so with the workload, my own extreme loneliness, and not being able to take a vacation for more than a week, i am at my lowest point of my life. i have tried so hard to make things better with myself by working out and getting in better shape, going out with my work friends more, and taking time for myself...but nothing is working for me anymore. i just go home and lay down on the couch to watch youtube and tv and just wallow in pain. i no longer take care of myself, just enough to not raise any suspicions about me at work. i lie so much to everyone that i have a great life when in reality i am a fucking failure with no luck in terms of romance, sex, friendships, being a good brother son uncle, and a good leader. i feel like my empathy has died because i am starting to notice that i only really care for babies and animals, not even my family i can empathize with anymore. i sleep about 2 hours at night, i barely eat anymore, i barely work out, and i barely leave my house besides for food. i have turned to binge drinking just so i can feel some sort of happiness because being alone with my thoughts in painful. i cannot cry anymore and all i feel is constant anxiety, stress, and this seething rage that just never goes away. my family has a history of mental illness and i hypothesize that i might have bipolar 1, but i cannot get it diagnosed. because of my status as a military member, i cannot get it diagnosed because i know that i will get kicked out for it being a psychotic mood disorder . i know it is best to get some professional help because if my supervisors and family knew how badly i wanted to kill myself, it would more than likely ruin my life and reputation. i am trying to hold out til next year when i officially get out and can move away and move on to a better job, but i do not know if i can hold out anymore. i still have hope that things will get better but that light is starting to fade and i am seriously contemplating just ending my life before i ever really had a chance to live it. i want the things normal people have but i do not know if i ever will. i want to establish roots in a community, have a family, live a normal life with friends and family...but i do not think i ever could. i cannot imagine i will get better and it haunts me that i am a 22 year old man and i might end up in hell, or the nothing, or whatever the fuck we end up. i want to find peace and just live a normal life....a better life than the one i have only seemed to ever know. my heart hurts so much and i really do wish to get better, but i do not know if i ever will. i do not even know where to start to change myself. please help me because i do not think i am strong enough to help myself anymore... i do not know where else to go now.
i have been working from home since the pandemic began and still live with parents.since then i have hardly left the house or seen friends and feel like both my mental and physical health have been impacted tremendously. i am not very outgoing and do not have a partner so i do not really have any reason other than work or going out with friends to leave the house. but staying in the house all the time makes me feel like i have been missing out on really important life events.i have noticed over the past year it is been getting harder and harder to wake up in the mornings and throughout the day it just feels like a slog. i have become very distant from the work i am doing and do not take it as seriously anymore. it does not really feel like work at this point, just something i happen to do during the day. everyday's the same and when something goes wrong i feel quite intimidated because i feel like it is invading my private space.i have tried writing and wanted to exploit home working to give me an opportunity to really practice my skills but it is been a disaster and i have not written a single story since the pandemic began. it is my aspiration to be a writer and i feel like i have just flushed it down the toilet. my mood has completely turned me off writing altogether and it just feels pointless at this stage. it sucks too because i get pretty excited about it.in february and march i was having major suicidal thoughts and although they have went away the odd feeling pops back into my head which makes me worry that one of these days i am going to do something to myself. i have tried to make use of mental health resources but i do not really feel like i want to help myself, i check out a website or have a chat with someone and then i drop it again until i have another depressive nosedive. i also contacted a therapist last year but i was not comfortable with phone or video chat therapy due to privacy issues.i badly want to have meaning in life but right now it feels like i live for other people and i am really not enjoying work right now. it is not even the work itself, it is just the thought of doing it. recently we have been pretty quiet but sitting around doing nothing all day does not help either. there is talk of going back to the office which i think might help if i get back into a routine again but most of my colleagues do not want to go back so i am worried i will be alone, plus it is dependent on if we really need to go into the office which we really do not as we have shown we can work from home and covid cases. there is also certain aspects about office working that i think i will struggle to get used to again, so i feel pretty divided. covid has completely destroyed my social skills.sorry if this is a massive rant, i am not exactly sure what to write but i just feel pretty down right now. it is late and i cannot sleep which is when my mind goes on a tangent and attacks itself. i just want to feel like i have some sort of meaning in life and something to hold onto and develop. i was hoping that thing would be my writing but i do not feel like touching it right now because of how unmotivated i feel. i feel like the last year has been an absolutely waste of time and i just feel very replaceable and blank at this point. feel like life is on hold due to working from home
hi all,i have had depression since i was a kid. i have a long family history of bipolar, borderline. it was talked about and my parents have mental health issues, but the only thing i was ever treated for is adhd.in the past, i used to have pretty bad gad generalized anxiety disorder , and had a lot of panic attacks. i would also have some really severe points of depression where i was pretty debilitated for 1 2 weeks, but i have found for the most part my more severe points of anxiety depression have diminished.i do have some substance issues, mainly drinking which is not a daily thing but once i start i cannot stop, just heavy binge drinking. i did used to use quite a bit of c ke which was a big personal and financial issue, but i have curbed that for the most part. a few of my friends actually had an intervention with me about my drinking, when i get past the point of no return with alcohol i get extremely depressive and just talk about dark stuff in my past and just want to take any and all drugs. my friends were basically like every time you drink you do this and its too much for us etc, we cannot deal w this and you need to stop. so severer depression recently has manifested itself more in substances than in my day to day.however, my day to day is meaningless and empty. i do well at work because its the one thing i am a perfectionist about, but the way i live is so depressing. i have nothing to look forward to, i wake up, go to work, go home, watch tv, sleep. sometimes have friends over for drinks.i cannot take care of myself, i can barely maintain personal hygiene like showering or doing laundry, i have garbage all over my apartment. i have no energy or motivation to do anything. something traumatic happened to me about 5 years ago, since then i have gained 100 pounds just with binge eating.i cannot even look at myself in the mirror, let people take photos of me. before i had insecurities, but i still wanted to be seen. my friends do not even invite me out for day activities because on my days off i am in bed till like 5pm.i am an artist, that is the only thing i care about. i have not been able to make work in almost 2 years because the burden of it feels like too much. i feel like a fraud, like i do not even know where to start.i am not majorly depressed right now, i have been there where all i want is to die, but its more just like day in and day out meaninglessness. i dissociate a lot, always going through the motions and i feel like i am wasting my life.i am really uncomfortable with doctors, i have not been to one since 2012 lol because of a bad experience. overall though i can barely take care of myself so scheduling appointments is something i have been delaying for years.but for those in a similar situationon antidepressants, ssris etc has this helped you deal with the day to day? i know i should make a lifestyle change and put more effort into being happier, but it just feels so daunting. i am wondering if beginning with a prescription will get me to the point where i can begin to address the areas of my life i need to work on. pls share your medication experience how it impacted you! i feel like its the only way for me to get somewhere because i feel like i have been completely stagnant. will antidepressants help me, or do i need to make a lifestyle change?
burner account for obvious reasons.it is so hard to have to seem like i am alright 24 7. nobody asks me how i am doing. nobody reaches out to me first. i could go days without meaningful conversation. my childhood was beyond fucked up. my father killed himself and my mother became addicted to drugs. my siblings and i were neglected. i was molested by another kid in the foster home that i stayed at for 2 months, and told nobody because i was ashamed that it happened to me as a male. my siblings and i stayed with our single grandmother for 2 grueling years until she could not take care of 4 children anymore. she sent my two sisters back into foster care, and for that i cannot blame her. i never got to say goodbye so i feel like they died, and there were suddenly less people who truly understood what i have gone through.i finished my last year of middle school and all of high school constantly hiding my depression. some days are fine and other days are miserable. however, i never let it show how hopeless i was. when my grandmother and i would fight over the smallest things she took me to therapy for a few weeks of my junior year. she thought i had anger issues, but i truly do not so i got diagnosed with an undeclared mood disorder. i just did not want to open up too random stranger about anything. my uncle asked me once in my freshman or sophomore year of high school if i was depressed and i lied and said no. i have not opened up to anyone because, as a male, people are uncomfortable when we show vulnerability. i hate crying in front of others.covid robbed me of the rest of my senior year of high school. i lost connection with the friends i was making and some of the friends i had. i have never felt more alone in life now than ever. i cannot remember the last time i left the house to spend time with friends. if i stop reaching out nobody will bother to check and see how i am doing. i live a meaningless life and i am expected to suck it up and work a full time job that i dislike very much. i am uncertain of what career path will help me most in my future. my grandmother ensures me that my time at her home is very limited and that it is not a safety net. i am very sure that i will end up killing myself in the near future. my brother already has bipolar depression, so i am worried that if i end my life he will suffer. i know that everyone else that has been in my life will forget about me soon after. they probably hate how closed off i am, but the primary reason i close myself off is to spare them from the pessimism that i keep inside me day to day. i am not going to burden other people with my suffering. so since i am i coward who cannot kill himself, enjoy the vague, depressing haha essay that i typed. i just wanted to get this out here so i feel less alone. do not reach out to me to tell me it gets better. its a shallow phrase used by people lucky enough to have had people who care enter their life. good for you. i might never come to check if my post was recognized because i really do not care. i just wanted to vent.sorry for being self centered here. sorry if some things made no sense.sorry for wasting your time.i will not end my life anytime soon, but later most likely. i am 19 and already very tired. thanks for reading i am going to off myself as soon as i get the courage.
it all started when i have this dream basically i spawned in a beach and i had to participate in a taekwondo competition, but before i went to the bathroom and i get lost, but in the sea i see that one of my friends virtual friends has make a documentary about interned friends and i was not included, then i retured to the taekwondo thing and when i was about to participate i wake up. this was bascially because one of my friends my friends girlfriend , we do not know anything about her since october and she was nice, and yesterday i was checking the profile and she made a post in august where it said thanks for keeping up with me or something like that and she tagged everyone but me, i think everything is my fault because she probably suicided but at the same time i think its not, i mean, i am very insecure about what to say and what to think, i always regret the idea of being me the culpable, but i live with the feeling, it is probably me at adolescence or that i am very open to people, and the friend that make a documentary has being my friend for more than a year and a half, but the thing that scares me is the fact that she is under 16, i do not know his boyfriends age but he is always saying, for example she can you give me a hamburger? he i am not giving you anything, and she is like ok, i mean, i do not know if they hang out like that or it is just me being an entitled parent, i never liked to swear, actually i never swear, and in spanish language we have dichos , dichos are like i killed 2 birds with one stone, a word is enough to the wise, well we have a dicho that says it is not your work to fix or solve someone elses life because you are ot enjoying your life, and i am like, yes but no, i think it is only the adolescence because when i discovered one of my favorite streamers i felt a little bit better, but with the dream i remembered that actually my life has suck,i am thinking i am worth nothing, probably because the people around my life suck too, i wanted to try basetball when i was 5 and they told me i was too young, i wanted to try robotics when i was 6 but i was too small they tought i could not read lmao , my mom says that i am smart, but smart in what, i really do not know my purpose, i had suicidal thoughts when i was 11 , and now i do not want them to get back but it is inevitable, i just hate myself for being to lazy, probably that is why people discriminate me, because i am a fat upset boy that wants justice and is doing whatever to get it, some of my friends suck too, i mean, when they are sad i write the whole bible to make them feel better and they say ok, you are so wise thank you, and that is all but when i am feeling sad they just do not say nothing, they even not congrat me on my birthday, they prefer the guy that insults them than me, i do not know what i am doing wrong, every step i give 1 is correct and 3 are not correct, i just want to live a quiet life, i want to be accepted, i want to stay well, literally one of my online friends prefers a guy that says sex with dogs and has known him for a month than me that i always give comfort and has known her for 2 years, probably i am taking social media so serius but they always say, omg you are so smart, but and what? i do not want to be just complimented, i want a friend i think i hate my life
i have recently looked into reddit and found that this place is actually quite healthy and supportive... i did not know this place really existed... but anyways i have very little motivation to work my way up the employment ladder whether its for a career or min wage job... as i feel so very few careers are really interested in helping people. i am an out of the box thinker and i know most jobs will slice my head if i try quacking about maybe we can serve people first and then profit second...i do not think i have much to say, but i look very young for 26 and it seems that is a turn off for most girls. i initially tried being a psych communications major in college but dropped out as someone in a way handed me a red pill. since about 6 years ago since that happened, i have been studying different sources on the internet to help me perform at my best if there ever was an opportunity that did not require a degree. but i have little faith and try to make creations and upload maybe assist others in some meaningful way and also make a return. anywayyyssssss i know my story does not sound so bad and i think a big chunk of life is how we perceive things versus how they actually are. i do not have a motivation to get a car or a job because my god mother pays for the rent and allows me free time to make creations, but i do not have a circle of friends that is interested in what i have to share. so i am wondering how i can make money with my stuff without paying for ads or self promoting. i have asked myself how can i honestly make connections if i do not promote? some people say offer your work for free and i do offer some stuff for free, but it is quite impersonal type of work and people these days are looking to eat up as much emotion as they can in order to fuel a like or a subscribe reaction. for some reason, i try to stay as impersonal as possible with all my work and it seems to kind of work against me in this type of culture. i am not very attached to specific beliefs or ideas.... so it seems like that is a free ticket for capitalism to rape me.... if this is my destiny.... then what can i do? i have thought about dying voluntarily from malnutrition going out into a rural area and just letting go from there.... but that would be a tough way to go it seems but that could also be a perception. i am not very suicidal to be honest but it comes up. but anyways, i do not really ever share this stuff and i am sorry if it sounds like i am messed up. i am not going to get help if you think i need it. i consider myself kind of an anti capitalist materialist but do like small talk and jokes... if anyone of any gender would like to talk and maybe become friends or just talk for a short while without small talk, you would not be ghosted. end i really do not like how our problems in society are so obvious and yet people play fucking dumb when realizing when someone is having issues... they must be really fucking hurting if they are playing that low... there must be another level of empathy above where i am at if i cannot see that these people are actually hurting inside, but they do a good damn job of putting a smile on their face and saying another day another dollar. ps. the matrix is one of my favorite movies. 26m no degree, no job, no car, no money, live in basement tl dr
about two months ago i was out of state to visit my friend of 10 years well say m and i stayed for 2 weeks. during this time i was fighting with my boyfriend and she was instigating hard along with her mother which then put me in a place to break up with him. we got back together 20 minutes later knowing this is not something that can be done from another state like this, and m being disappointed in me says do not worry, when you break up when you get back you can come stay with us again. this did not sit right with me because she said when. so a week after my trip while i am home she stops responding to me for about a month, then out of nowhere sends a huge paragraph about how my boyfriend is breadcrumbing me and isolating me from my friends. she said this because when she texts me i take a couple hours to respond. m is however notorious for not responding for days weeks or months. since over a month ago i have not had any connection with her other than the one message. i responded but she still has not. my friend of 4 years b i did not usually hang out much but since my relationship was becoming more steady and we were learning to take out time apart i started hanging out with her more often. she lives about 45 minutes from me but i did not mind since i enjoy the ride. around a month ago my boyfriend had broken up with me and was very shitty about it, i was sure it was going to be the last time. so i went to bs place for comfort and to calm down. she makes me promise not to get back with him, and her boyfriend who was also my friend gave me a whole lecture on why my boyfriend is a pos. naturally i went back to my boyfriend g anyway. we have broken up plenty but only gave our belongings back twice or so. our relationship is more dramatic than anything, we know that but to my friends its abusive. i have reason to believe m and b just wanted me to listen to them. to be in control of me. my boyfriend is nothing like how they portray him. however that is the reason they cut me off, was because i took him back. most people have just given me the advice of hanging out with family instead but everyone knows the difference between a friend and sibling. i do not have a close relationship with them seeing as i do not do well with the brutal honesty and bluntness of their personalities. the conversation will always come down to why i am so full of excuses when they ask about my mental health. recently i have been spiraling in my depression and i genuinely have nobody to go to other than my boyfriend but your partner cannot help everything. my social life is important to me and watching my boyfriend be harassed and loved by all of his friends makes me feel so pathetic. i decided to start going to the gym alone to help dilute the feelings but it just makes me lonelier that i have no one to talk to. i have always attracted people who take me for granted or want to control me because i am easy or impressionable.i also suffer from pcos and i am supposed to be getting a diagnoses for bipolar. all of these things are putting me in a position of feeling like id be better off in a psych ward. not for protection, but so that i will not be a burden on anyone or myself anymore. i have been inpatient before and while its not fun it will make everyone else happy. i lost everyone.
i need f 30 some advice on how i can reach out to my friends after being distant for a few months. let us call them friend a and b. in december 2020 i started getting really depressed due to a highly stressful job, the fact that for the first time ever id be spending christmas alone covid lockdowns, family far away and finding out that a close family member has cancer. for new years i went to friend as house and she asked me about my relative and the cancer treatment, but i kept getting interrupted while other people in the background were making jokes and my friend was not really listening. she was like, oh sorry you were saying, go oni was feeling highly sensitive and about to cry but she was not listening to what i had to say. i felt shut down but i was not going to let this be a reason for getting mad at her. now friend b, i have known most of my life, almost 20 years. we wished each other happy new years and i asked her when she is free to facetime. again, i was a wreck, just spent christmas alone, had intrusive thoughts about my relative. i really needed to talk to her. i get that christmas time is busy but she got back to me around jan 13 we can facetime tomorrowthat was 2 weeks later and in those 2 weeks my mental health declined even more. at this point, i did not even feel like texting her back right away. i texted her a few days later and admitted that i am in a bad headspace and ill facetime her in a few days. but i did not. my mental health kept getting worse, i was not taking care of myself, skipped showers, i was binging on unhealthy foods, not exercising, had insomnia, headaches, neglected to take care of things around the house. and i could not stop crying. id cry soon after waking up, while driving to work, id cry on my lunch breaks, and when i got home. i started developing intrusive thoughts, thinking what is the point of it all, how i hate the way my life turned out, etc.things got really bad. friend a and b texted me on my birthday end of feb and it took me days to even read the messages, and text back. everything, even the smallest tasks took so much effort. literally on my birthday, i kept getting messages from people and i wanted to throw my phone out the window. it was not a happy birthday. i was at work and on my lunch break, went for a drive to get a coffee and again started bawling my eyes out. i thanked them for the wishes and did not say anything else. now fast forward to mid march, its friend bs birthday. i wished her a happy birthday but she never texted back.which i understand. my lack of communication could have been taken the wrong way as i never explained to them what i was truly going through. i think about my two friends all the time, and i wish i had not fucked up our friendships. i want to reach out and apologize but i do not even know where to start. were now in julyi was basically a ghost for 6 months. i never suffered from such deep depression in my whole life, it was so bad that even the smallest tasks took a lot of effort. i become so isolated, desperately tried to work on myself. but it takes time. you cannot get better over night. only now i am starting to feel like myself again, not 100 back to normal yet but getting there. how can i fix friendships after isolating myself due to depression?
life as a kid was good and strange. my parents were together then, and i am convinced there was a demon in that house different story for a different time but my parents ended up splitting like a month before my 11th birthday. so for my birthday we went over and spent the night at my dads. me being me and my mom, they were and are better friends than lovers long story short, i watched my dad violently beat my moms ass, like this was probably the worst fight i have ever seen. biting, slamming, all that. my mom up and ran out of that house and i did not see her for a little while. well she ended up going to the streets, and turning to meth to cope. and its been about 10 11 years since then. i failed middle and high school because i just could not do it. which i have a lot of regret about. because i am smarter than 85 of the kids who did. but whatever, ill get my ged. cps has been involved with all my siblings except for me. my grandma was able to foster adopt my autistic little brother thankfully. but i still have not heard from about or how my little sister is doing. its probably coming up on 2 years since i have seen her last, and i am starting to doubt i ever will again. she probably has a different name now. her dad only got custody because he had a good lawyer. he had 15 years of meth addiction and never went to treatment once. my grandpas cancer just came back too. spread somewhere else. i do not even know the details yet. i suffer from depression, anxiety, and food neophobia. i barely eat anything. well, i eat a lot, but no variety. i am terrified of new foods. or even foods that i think i will not like i will not even try. which lead to really strange family dinners at friends houses. or entire days of not eating. i do not take meds for anything. i do not plan to either, i have been down that road. i just feel hollow. if i am not doing something i notice every second go by. i kind of just hold it all in because i do not know who to talk to. i have 4 friends i hangout with. 2 of which i have not seen in a month so maybe less every time i talk with my grandma its always job or ged. it honestly just makes me feel like an investment. i hate asking for money even if i really need it. like my car is a lemon. had to put way more money into it than we paid for it. and it still needs shit fixed. at this point i just want to burn it but i cannot.i feel like i have lived four lifetimes in this one and just blew it all. only thing i have really done right in life so far was not having a kid at 18 like my parents.the only thing keeping me going is weed and my dream to grow my own. but no place is hiring me atm so i can barely afford that. and it is not legal in my state.i have lost interest in most things i loved doing too. so i feel like i am living for nothing. eating so i do not die. i barely even enjoy eating the few foods i do like anymore. and i find myself being a bitch to the people i love. that makes me the most mad.i might chat with some of you all, i am not sure yet though. this is one of the few times i have actually opened up. i would not even tell my ex gf about a lot of that shit. and this my first time using reddit.not even sure what kind of response i want, but any is welcome. questions too opening up, and losing motivation
things have changed. even before the pandemic things were bad in terms of meeting people but now it is even worse. it is almost and probably is, impossible.the city i live in is unique in terms of it as a high turnover rate therefore incidences of meeting people, specifically bad people, is higher than normal cities. but nevertheless, the same trials and tribulations go on anywhere. but being said, everything in this post is tailored to the city that i live in.but what happened? it is so difficult to meet anybody anymore. older women, like women my age, they are broken, bruised, jaded, and fed up because they are approached by pieces of garbage constantly. he is gotten to the point where i cannot even make eye contact with a woman when i am walking past her on a sidewalk. they literally look down or look away because they are tired of being approached. also the guide to girl ratio here is out of control. there is got to be at least 10 guys for every woman that is available. then you factor in everything from the unique primal intrigue that flows through the veins of any human being in this city, and again, it is impossible. within this gigantic sea of terrible men, there are few good men drowning, not even being thrown a life preserver. it is a shame. it is a waste of time, energy, good souls, and the possibility of memorable love. i am tired of fighting through the walls being built by women and forged by pieces of garbage men. i am fed up, and it makes me enormously depressed.i never had a problem dating in this city in the past, but now i cannot get a foot in the door, a word in edgewise and i know it is not me. even the caliber of personality shared with most women in this city has gotten more judgmental and aggressive. most of the women that are younger, they want money. they want a sugar daddy without realizing that we just came through a pandemic where most people are not as flush with cash anymore due to inflation.then you have a lot of left leaning liberal women who will not even talk to a person who is a centrist. since when did politics have to play a huge role in dating? in the worst of it is, the vaccine. if you did not get a vaccine, you are basically a piece of shit to everyone who did. and i thought there was a law in place that protected your personal medical privacy. what do i know.what i do know is all of it makes me so depressed and feel so lonely. i am a good guy, dedicated, intelligent, talented. every single night after the sun sets, reality sets into how lonely i really feel. and there is this dark hope inside of me saying there is somebody out there but i really do not think so.we dug our own holes here. we have become so selective, so judgmental, some materialistic, so single minded, our eyes are not open, and we push people away. we would rather be alone because we are afraid to catch a virus. we would rather be alone because we do not want to deal with the possibility of somebody losing their job and becoming dependent on the other. we would rather be alone because it is easier to lump everybody into a category that supports a divide that is country wide.where i agree with most of that, and i am an introvert, so i understand being alone, but damn do i want to hold somebody is hand. the state of dating...
to keep it short, last year in summer i graduated from my education. the time in school was easy to say pretty hectic, considering that i was suffering from massive headaches, anxiety and concentration problems. this could be reflected on my results in school, people would say that i was a lazy student and should work harder. i was very stressed out and, as opposed to the other students, i chose to spend my time differently after getting my diploma.this was a decision that i made in consultation with my parents. they took it very seriously and were very supportive and so i visited the doctor who figured i should see a neurologist. after a few appointments and a multidisciplinary research, they found out i was suffering from chronic migraine. at this point in time i was very happy to conclude that i was not crazy or anything, there was a serious reason to all of this pain i was suffering from for all these years.all of this time i spent most of my time in bed and playing videogames, because there was not really that much else i could do without overexerting my body. playing videogames was like a nobrainer and it gave me the sensation of escaping from reality.some more appointments followed up and i finally got a medication prescribed which could help me with the migraines. it was still not enough to get rid of the daily headaches so they gave me another medication called candesartan... and luckily again, this reduced the pain by a big amount, but also the frequency of the migraine. i was feeling so much better now, but yet i was feeling that there was missing something.i was still very tired and bad at concentrating. here is where i started to see a psychologist which referred me to a psychiatrist. this is where i get diagnosed with add, as of now i am still in the midst of getting medication for the add.now the problem is, with all of these appointments a lot of time has passed. it is been a year now since the start of the sabbatical and i am still at home. i realise that i get a lot less joy from doing activities, but yet i know that this is temporary which makes me fight through this dark period for hopefully once and for all.in the beginning i did nothing else other than spending my free time playing videogames when the migraine was very bad, but that was also partly because i was trying to avoid thinking about my area of expertise since i had a lot of anxiety of failure during my education and it gave me stress which i had never experienced before.finally since a month or two ago, i finally started working again on hobby projects and realised that all of my knowledge had not left me behind. i was starting to feel more and more confident and until now i am developing a good portfolio for when i want a job. i am making a lot of progression on building websites and feel very confident, especially because my friends compliment me for my work.but please, this depressing feeling, please be temporary. i just really hope this is something that occurs when unemployed for some time. a friend of mine told me that this sure is the reason. right in this moment i am on vacation with my family, but i feel like i cannot enjoy it to the fullest. taking time off a sabatical to work on my problems made me indirectly pretty depressed
the summer before 8th grade is when the symptoms started hitting. i have always been a fairly airheaded, chatty, upbeat person on the surface. actual anger, discomfort, or sadness are things that i just do not express. i sorta just sat at the corner of friend groups and never shared my deep thoughts...that is to say, i was sorta just someone to have casual friendly conversation with. i am often left out of things that my circles do, only to find about how much fun they had when they chat endlessly to me about it.due to a lot of factors, i essentially just had a mental collapse at the end of the summer and the start of 8th grade. i would put on my happy facade at school and then go home and quietly cry or just zone out. i started self harming at that time too, and i made sure to do it in places that were easy to hide.i was also pretty aware of how people romanticize depression or fake it, and i used to obsessively tell myself that i was faking it. that the self harming was for attention even though i desperately hid it. i felt like others would think the same about me if i told them, and that terrified me.i eventually started to accept that the symptoms that i was experiencing were real around august of 2020, a full year after shit hit the fan, and around november, i started to have really intense suicidal thoughts. my grades slipped. i went from being high functioning to laying in bed all day feeling like there was nothing to live for. my parents would only berate me for my slipping grades, which made me feel like i could not tell anyone even more. i made a full plan to finally do it, and tested out my chosen method. i started writing suicide notes in my head. and i had no friends to turn to because none of them knew, and i did not want to inconvenience them with my stupid emotions.i finally reached out to my doctor as a last ditch effort at the start of this year, and when she told my parents, it only caused my mom to temporarily pity me and my dad to get angry...and then they acted like it never happened. i do not think i will do that again loli psych myself out sometimes because i hit these lengths where i feel somewhat average. not exactly happy or content, but i do not feel like dying 24 7 and my immediately reaction to everything is not an intense urge to off myself oh god that sounds so edgy but my knee jerk reaction literally just becomes fucking do it whenever i feel like i have messed up so then i tell myself that there is no reason to tell anyone anymore. inevitably i always fall back into the same dark space but oh well.i just cannot reach out or tell my friends because i do not want to bring anyone down. if i have any true goal in life that will give me any peace, its to make people as happy and content as possible. if people find out, i feel like i will just drag everyone down. i am always the upbeat one in groups, the one that people laugh at because i do stupid shit, but i feel like that whole act will be ruined. nobody will want to be around meits been 2 years and almost nobody knows...and nobody probably will ever know. i have basically accepted that i will eventually recover alone or kill myself before i do.i am sorry that this is probably super melodramatic. its been 2 years and almost nobody knows
partner with chronic depression started ghosting me, seeking advice i've been seeing this person for about 5 months and until recently everything seemed to be going really well between us. we texted most days and hung out around 2 times a week on average which felt like a lot considering their time off and energy levels. about a month and a half ago they told me they were having a depressive episode. i've never had a partner with chronic depression and was pretty ignorant to what it can do so i was taken by surprise when they started ghosting me about a week ago. it was very abrupt and everything seemed to be going really well until then. since then i've tried my best to learn up and it and it seems like this kind of thing is pretty common among people with chronic depression, especially those who've had a long history of partners who do not react well to their depression. normally, i would not tolerate someone ghosting me, but reflecting back on everything they've told me about their depression and how they're dealing with it made me realize how much effort they put into trying to address their depression and maintain a relationship in spite of it. they've confided in me a lot of trauma they've had to deal with in their life and the type of thoughts they struggle with. last time we hung out in person i could tell they'd been really struggling with some of those traumatic events recently. even during this episode they had some pretty traumatic events happen back to back but still made an effort to hangout and talk to me with everything extra they were now having to deal with. i would like to make an effort to keep contact with them for a reasonable amount of time and hopefully get back to how we were before the depression got this bad. the ghosting still hurts, and it's totally possible that they are just being a bad person and not telling me they don't want to see me anymore, but after researching it and talking about it in therapy and with some of my friends who deal with depression i think it's more likely they're pulling away due to the depression. over the past week i sent two messages trying to be supportive and let them know that i respect their space and want to interact with them in any small way they want. however, i've learned that these longer texts more than a couple sentences can be harder for a person going through a depressive episode to respond to and might make them feel worse for not responding. definitely don't thing the messages were bad or anything and the people i shared them with agreed, but it looks like going forward i should keep messages shorter and easier to respond to with an emoji or maybe even a small response. given all this, i'd just like some advice from those also struggling with chronic depression about how you'd like a partner who you've been seeing for as long as i've been seeing mine to communicate with you during situations like this. my current plan is to keep going with my life, but text them again a week from now and maybe continue doing that for 2 3 months or until they tell me to stop. i don't want them to feel overloaded with my messages and push them away but i do want to keep the idea in their head that i'm still here and want to be with them. thank you all in advance!
how do you all, seeking here, not sure what for... 27yom i have been having difficulties with my mental health for some time now, but i feel it is reaching new depths i am now more happy to spend multiple days in bed, comfortable and bored, than out of bed attempting to progress, in any sense. i suppose it is far more comfortable to be low than it is to be perpetually anxious.i feel like i have read so much of the self help literature out there, so it is obvious to me what must be done to pull myself out of this slump, ie take responsibility and be accountable for yourself and your movements recognise that suffering is a part of life and can be a useful tool be aware of the things you are feeding yourself, both physically and spiritually maybe create some sort of goals in a written format that you can regularly go over to keep you motivated and help you manifest learn to love exercise, stretching and breathing possibly explore some creative endeavours be kind to yourself etc. the list goes on . over the past 6 years, i have sporadically tried to form healthy habits based off of the latter values and techniques, thus attempting to take responsibility for my own happiness, however, with each consequential failure, the more hopeless i am becoming it has gotten to the point where i am doing the bare minimum, just to pay for rent, leaving me financially exhausted with little room and or energy for healthy activity.i have also sought help for gp's and got in touch with a couple of psychologists gp's have given me medicinal options, which have either proven to be unsuccessful for me in the past, or risk the danger of becoming heavily addicted, for example, to benzo's i have a very addictive personality and have had ongoing issues with substance abuse, namely alcohol and marijuana . i have found therapy, so far, firstly to be difficult to attain, and secondly more homeworky mood journals, document sharing, technique applications etc. than is useful for me this is my own fault for not properly following their advice, but it just has not been resonating with me.i feel like i have a lot to offer, but am having difficulties finding where i may apply myself. i do not care for money, to the point where it is reckless, but i would like to find a vocation where i am fulfilled. because i have no certifications or qualifications, the roles that i am able to work are generally hospitality based, physical labour, or just general shit kicking this does not cut it for me, and i find the little work i am performing, i am performing utterly miserably, spending most of the time in my head, cursing myself. i cannot sustain a lifestyle like this i am in desperate need of money, but more desperate need of fulfilment. i am so lazy, but i am exhausted. i suppose i am looking for any thoughts out there, even may they be alternative and outside of the box. i am aware that this is not an isolated issue, so i suppose it is important for me to find insight in community.be this a very broad explanation, it is the best i can surmise of my emotional state, for now. whether my problems lays in being unable to accept my mediocrity, pure laziness or something deeper.. i am asking for your insight please, oh kind people of reddit. alternative options?
year old male year here i ve always had a confusing relationship with myself and anxiety when i wa a young child i wa very outgoing then hit about and wa bullied because of my sensitivity and openness developed really bad anxiety a a result got to year old and found it impossible to talk to girl and wa completely sick of my shyness so i decided overnight that i wa going to showcase my confident side at all time faking it till i made it this wa a blessing and a curse because a lot of my confidence wasn t necessarily real i wa inspired by people like russell brand and keith moon and i kind of acted like them all the time now thank god i ve reached a much calmer equilibrium most people would consider me a a very confident outgoing person but i feel much more myself i m way calmer chatty and forward with people one on one but i m still plagued with anxiety in other area i have no real issue in social occasion i m the frontman in a band and we re about to go on tour playing to thousand of people and i literally have no nerve whatsoever if only this translated to everyday life firstly i m terrified of getting a new scary job working in a pub bar something with people who have the potential to be snooty and mean if i don t know what i m doing instead i live at home with my parent in a sheltered existence i work a really simple easy job at home because i m too scared of a job where i have to do something new for the first time working in a bar absolutely terrifies me but deep down i wish i had the bravery to just do it and not give a crap if i fuck up whenever i ve tried new job in the past i get so frustrated with myself when i m not my cool calm confident self in these new situation why the fuck do i take so long to get relaxed with these thing and how do i get the bravery in the first place i m just so scared that people might perceive me a being shy i guess i value my self worth on my level of confidence in that current moment my second massive issue is when i m on my own in public perhaps public transport for example i m just fizzing with anxiety constantly it s horrific in public i feel extremely self conscious i know that no one give a shit about me or care about me but i literally feel like people are judging me constantly even though i know this isn t true something a simple a cycling on a road is a fucking impossibility i m just so scared that people will think i don t know what i m doing i just hate that physical feeling of anxiety of people watching me and judging me literally sitting here with a massive stress headache because of being in public the last couple of hour i then overthink about this for hour and hour because i just don t understand how i can be this way feel like i m having a personality crisis therapy hasn t helped medication didn t should i just stfu and get on with it in essence exposure therapy how can i not care when load of people are watching me on stage but literally feel like i m dying when people look at me in public why is there this maddening split personality in me i don t think my confidence is an act because when i m confident and relaxed i would consider that to be my most normal authentic self i m not naturally a quiet person just desperately insecure and sensitive
just needed to vent and i honestly cannot say this to anyone irl. the bar is this coming tuesday. i have not studied in any capacity. i just could not bring myself to commit. i was barely taking care of myself as it was. and that is the thing, i cannot even say that i want to kick myself or that i regret it. my mental health was literally just so poor that if i actually participated in the study schedule grind, i feel i would have been worse off for it. for context, this summer is the only time i have gone days without brushing my teeth and struggled to get out of my bed. i have had two major depressive periods in the past and neither time was i at this level of neglect. i wish i would have just signed up for the later date, but that is not what you are suppose to do. you are supposed to graduate and immediately study full time for 8 weeks. i even started early technically, but i put in one full days worth of work and just...stopped. i said oh after graduation when its official to start is when ill pick it back up...but i did not. and very early on i already felt like i was so behind. i had people asking me what my progress percentage of my bar prep course was at during graduation we did not even need to technically start yet!! and it freaked me out. i basically decided at the beginning of july that i was too behind with only 4 weeks left, so it was not possible and i was going to fail. and i gave up even pretending to schedule studying.part of the issue is was covid. i felt like a real law student with real obligations, benefits, and consequences before this. then we went online for the remainder of my degree program. i instantly lost focus and drive. none of it felt real or worthwhile anymore. i could now bs my way through my classes school had relaxed grading policies and when it came time to actually learn for the bar, i was incredibly overwhelmed.and hell even if i studied studied, there was never a guarantee that i would pass, but there is absolutely no chance for me to pass now. i do not care what any of my peers have to say about me not passing because well, i did not actually study, and regardless of that, peer pressure just has not ever been a motivator for me. i wish i did care what they thought in actuality because i am completely lacking motivation. my family is truly supportive and i know already they will not think badly of me. but they have checked in practically everyday. and i lie and say i studied when i did not. i cannot tell my friends because i know they all are studying by the stuff they send me. all this to say, i feel very alone at this time in my life.i cannot back out of the exam now so i am treating it like a practice test as i have heard others suggest. i can and will retake it next year. i already know that i am changing my environment so i will not be so isolated, which will help. i know in the end everything will probably be okay. i think it speaks loads that even as i am writing this with the test days away, i do not have that much anxiety. this entire time i have been numb. i am sure i will probably freak out during the test. i hope that this experience will actually motivate me in the end. if you read all this, thanks for listening. i am going to fail the bar exam
so uhh. hi, my name is aina. i never written a post on here or bothered into the mental health community. however, as my depression has gotten worse again, and i am likely experiencing an episode maybe it is best that i can do a bit of venting. i am clinically diagnosed with chronic depression. i think it was a thing since i was 13 or so, when i experienced a trauma years before. but here is the vent, i guess so i moved to a new county from my old home back a year or so ago. it was for college, and i have been living with my grandpa since. my dog is with me, and i care about her very much. both my grandpa and my dog have been getting really old however, and i constantly worry for both their safety. my grandpa almost died to covid a couple months back and now he is unable to walk anymore, so i kind of just take care of him while i focus on my studies.while it is nice to take care of someone and being mindful of others wellbeing, i feel like i am missing the point of life. i am in my third year of college and i have practically changed majors multiple times going for wanting to be a doctor, to accounting, to communications, and now i just want to draw art and talk to people , and i feel like i am just wasting my own money to figure out what i want to do. i keep trying to get myself to stick to hobbies and joining friend groups to play games like dungeons amp dragons and mmos like phantasy star online 2 yet i still feel like i am a burden to my friends to hang out with.i really do not like bothering people, and i always feel like i am not doing the best i can. whenever i go to family reunions, i am told that, i am not trying hard enough and all your problems will go away if you just do not think about it. i do not know what that even means. i get that they are trying to say that i should not be so focused on the fact that i feel like a stepping stone amp alone in this world. however, my mind thinks differently. i have been trying out their ideas. smiling, keeping a positive attitude, being helpful when i can, doing everything i can in a pristine and mindful manner. but it feels like i am wearing a mask. i already wear a mask by trying to conceal my transgender identity. i do not know what to do.on the topic of transgender stuff and transitioning. it is difficult. i feel like i am living in an egg she will and it is so hard to get support without having the right financial insurance. talking about dysphoria with my close friends amp relatives ends up in heated arguments where i am being delusional telling me that, it is impossible to ever be a girl. you can never do it. yet i have this hope that i can be a girl. i just, have no idea how to like, be a girl correctly since i know no one in this city who can help me. tldr either way, to wrap this up. i feel like i do not belong anywhere and i feel too afraid to reach out for help. i feel like i am not doing enough for my friends and family, as if i need to push myself even harder than what i can mentally do at this point.. i do not want to be a burden to anybody and i have been contemplating just giving up because of it. for anyone out there, do you have any advice or ideas for me to try out? vent sometimes i feel like i am alone yet i am physically not.
towards the end of my senior year of high school my anxiety wa at an all time high i d cry in the parking lot having a panic attack nearly every day and i missed sm school because of it luckily my school teacher and counselor were very understanding and helped me get through it and graduate but i wa very close to not being able to walk due to my attendance i got through it though and over the summer that extreme anxiously gradually faded out surprisingly when i entered college my anxiety wa probably the best it s ever been to be specific my social anxiety wa nearly non detectable i still had some general anxiety about school and stuff but tbh even that wa barely there most of the time i kinda developed a carefree mindset where i stopped being so anxious about being a people pleaser and instead wa just myself i knew i wa a good person i m funny loyal adventurous and a good friend so if anyone didn t like me that s their loss tbh i felt this way in high school too at least in term of knowing my worth the only difference is i wa to afraid to show myself to people unfortunately though i think this carefree attitude went a bit too far a it started affecting my academic i have adhd too so that made me struggle with stuff ofc but i think that my new stance on my life kinda made everything even worse academically i dropped out after one semester i didn t want to but i knew i had to since i wa basically not trying at school didn t like my major horrible grade i wouldn t be able to afford it if my scholarship wa taken away due to my grade if i stayed i d probably be put on academic probation for a major i don t even care about anymore there s probably many more reason that led to me dropping out but moral of the story is i m not in school anymore the past two month i ve just been at home honestly doing nothing i enrolled in community college but i attended two class and then on the day of my rd class i got extremely depressed probably the most depressed i ve ever been i couldn t eat sleep or even drink water obviously i couldn t get outta the house and go to my class if i couldn t even do basic thing like that so my mom made me drop out she wa actually the one who kinda forced me into it i wanted to just take a break from school for a semester and work for a bit so i could figure out what i wanted but she wa adamant about going to community college since leaving community college i ve been trying to get my shit together i still have bad day depression wise but it s gotten better i started seeing my therapist again and i m also getting tested by a neurologist to see if i have anything else going on outside of my adhd anxiety and depression a my therapist and psychiatrist think i might have some processing disorder once i see the neurologist i think i wan na get a job again my old job wa great a it wa a small business so they were le strict i m chronically late by at least 0 minute but my old bos wa understanding about that in a way i feel like larger business wouldn t be anyways back to my point today i got a sudden wave of anxiety i haven t felt since probably my first day of college tbh since i haven t experienced it in a while i forgot how debilitating and overwhelming it is idk how to deal with it now
as of the time i am writing this, its 1 46 am, july 7th, the day before my birthday. in the last couple months, i have had alot to endure. alot of death, internal struggles, physical problems and more and i have forced myself to endure it all because i do not want to stay weak. however, the more i think about my past, the more i think about events that should have been critical in my life, the more i realise it. i am not weak, i am just... pathetic. as much as i want to blame toxic masculinity for things like mostly being unable to cry not kidding, i rarely cry with tears because i literally cannot produce them as much as i would like , trying to stay tough and more, it is dawned on me that i am simply pathetic. i shut myself off from the world, from people and blame others for things i have failed at while i know damn well it is my own fault. i have refused to let people in not because of fear i would get hurt, but either because i plainly did not care, because i refused to accept them into my life or because i was too busy with my own bullshit and simply wanted to go home and lay in bed doing nothing. its why the memory of my grandfather, almost weeping because of pain and speaking to my family haunts me. while he was in more pain i could imagine, i was on my phone waiting to go home. i have reached nothing in my life, and as much as i say my life is simply not interesting, i have never tried to make it interesting. i have always been too busy taking care of my own menial problems and saying i am too busy for anything, and when i do start something new, 9 times out of 10 i quit it because i just do not give enough of a fuck to see it through. though i am still young, many of my peers have already had much more succes than me. be it in a financial way, a romantic way, a social way, everyone i know has exceeded me. even the ones who i never thought would do so well blew me by, leaving me in the dust. the funny part is... i deserve it. i have always been a piece of shit. mentally fragile, egotistical, greedy, selfish, jealous, sadistic, easily angered and more. its resulted in me being an empty she will of a human being, always exhausted, always in pain and unworthy of being alive. i have tried to compensate for the horrible person i used to be, but by doing that i have almost completely stopped caring for and about myself, and though today i heard my boss say he admired that i put others before myself, i know who i used to be. and, as much as i try to compensate and grow... i know best what i truly am pathetic. my body can often barely keep up, i am emotionally, mentally and physically drained, i am incredibly depressed, always feel sick, i am lazy, always try to get others to do shit for me, i am envious and so much more, but most of all, i am empty.i do not care of i get hurt, i do not care if i am healthy, i do not care if i wake up in the morning, i do not care for shit. call me out in the comments all you want, insult me or whatever, i do not care anymore. i know how horrible of a human being i am, and i know i am not worth your time or anyones time for that matter. i am sorry for wasting your time, but for what it is worth, thanks for reading this. the sudden realisation i am pathetic.
am i okay? the truth is, i am not sure i know what that means anymore. not sure that i ever have known. what i know is that my definition of 'okay' and someone else's definition of 'okay are probably astronomically different. am i okay? that is the question my wonderful fianc asked me. i lie at first, telling them i am. that is not who i want to be with them, though, so i immediately correct myself. i am not, but i will be. i know they think i shut myself off to them when i am this down and they are not wrong. it is not for wanting to. it is not for not trusting them when i am this emotionally vulnerable. it is for not being able to find the words quickly enough as they stumble from my clumsy mouth. writing it all out gives me time to process every single word. it allows me to shut my emotions off as i try to explain the roller coaster that is my brain. if i were to attempt to vocally explain what i am feeling right now, my emotions would consume me and i would just become a sobbing mess.i have been thinking about who i am lately and honestly, i feel like there is not much to me. i am average in basically all aspects of myself. underwhelming in some, even. i feel like i cannot keep the attention of anyone other than my fiance's, and even then, i do not see how i keep theirs. i see no other words to describe how i feel about myself other than 'boring' and 'useless'. nothing they have done has made me feel that way, but it is my crippling intrusive thought of the week i suppose. that is something i struggle with. my brain will conjure some sorrowful imagery of myself and i will fixate on it until i believe it true. i know therapy would benefit me greatly, but i guess my lack of enthusiasm to get that ball rolling is an indicator of my selfish personality. all i can think about is how terrifying it would be to spill myself wide open to a stranger. face to face is the issue, of course, seeing as i have no problem with letting you all read me. the thought of even attempting eye contact with a small, bald man at my local mental health service makes me want to assume the fetal position. in quotations because its an income based establishment in the south. they are here to help me as long as they do not have to respect my pronouns. another thing that terrifies me is the fact that there is likely an entirely different person under the layers of trauma and depression that have been festering inside me since i was about five years old. what are they like? are they a person my fiance could even love? are they a person i could love? i am so accustomed to hating myself that the thought of loving myself makes the threat of a panic attack tingle down my spine. the two main things that scare me the most and they are both about me. i am not just living for myself anymore, though. i am with someone who deserves the best version of me possible. as bleak as the weather in my mind seems to stay, the love and patience they have given me through all of my seasons makes becoming that person seem achievable. anyway....i believe my spoons are all used up, because i have hit a wall even though i had so much more to say. it took a lot from me to write this all out, but at least i feel a little more okay now. am i okay?
i am 23 m and i have been dealing with depression since i was 14 that was when i was diagnosed and anxiety since i was 3 separation anxiety from 3 8, social anxiety since tldr read the last large paragraph, i do not know how i can condense it more than thatwhen i was 3 my parents broke up, i was always close to my mum and to my dad i was more of an object to be owned than his son, but because he believed he deserved to have me he fought my mum for me. i know he did not care because i anytime i was with him i was put aside and never really interacted with and when i did not want to go with him he would pry my off a lamppost while i was crying and drag me to the car to take me to his house. all of this is what brought the first sembalances of my anxiety and low self esteem because if my own blood does not really love me then i took it as there was something wrong with me. and to top it off he cheated on my mum which is why they broke up and he did it before and after they were together with other women.after that my mum remarried and her next partner was fine at first but he changed when they had my younger brother. after that i was treated as a hindrance and due to the troubles of on going custody and court stuff my dad was causing during there relationship, my mum's partner saw me as my father's son and took out his frustrations on me in the first of gas lighting and mental abuse. this went on from when i was 5 till 17. he also mentally abused my mum and older sister but my little brother had an illness and my mum felt she had to stay for him. only when he was older did she leave him and thus i was freed from his abuse.i also had an accident when i was 14 and fractured my hip, i could not walk on it at all for a year and could use partial weight only a year after that. that was the final straw for me and made me deeply depressed because the one place i could get away to was school and after not being there for months i felt alienated and alone. i am the end i just retreated to my room as that was the only place i had some semblance of safety left.all this is what has led to my deep rooted self hatred, low self worth, anxiety and depression. since all of that all i have managed to do is idly spend my time retreating into games and barely really living. to top it all off the last 2 friends i had completely distanced themselves from me because of a difference of views and now i have no one but my mum and my siblings. even my grandparents who always were there for me have dementia and cannot even remember me when they see me.i just feel so alone and that everyone will leave me one day and when they do there will be no reason left for me to live, even now i feel that it would be better if i just died now and saved the trouble of my family having to support me while i leech off their kindness. i do not want to be a burden but i feel so useless and i know how lazy i am and hate myself for it. i just do not know if there is a way out of the mess in my head and to live a life worth living.i am sorry if this has been extremely long and too much, i just wanted to say something somewhere to relieve the feeling built up inside 23 m just need to get how i feel off my chest as i have no one i can talk to
hello i am a guy from iran 190 cm 90 kg almost 18 years old. i love bodybuilding ,i am lifting for a few years i have lost a lot of weight during this years and gained a lot of strength and muscle .i am almost finished with the school.when i get my diploma i can go for police university so i can get rid of this place.i had quite a tough life my mother left me when i was in second grade and divorced my father when they took him to madhouse . and she rejected me everytime i tried to get near her.my father is the most unlikely person in my life.he always has been a drug addict,a psycho even before he was a bad person that argues to all the people. i live in the same house but in a room other side of the yard a room away from them alone, i do not really see them,i cook my food wash my clothes dishes and .. my grandpa lives somewhere else he has another family now he gives me some money i can buy clothes food and some small things.i have tried being a waiter in a restaurant for a month but the owner was a jerk and i was too much hurt to take that stress and disrespect after working 12 hours a day coming and going with a bike on the rain .i was holding the pain maybe it gets better but i had enough so i just quit i have lived with my grandpa my whole life.he protected me from my abuser father .like he did whatever parents do for their child.he is 66 years old and hes my only supporter , he has his own dark sides that i am not going to talk about it.he has done a lot for me but hes not perfect. my family is a really fckd up one. because of that i do not really have any relationships with them because they are super negative and toxic.we are not rich actually below average as you could have guess.i have depression for a long time and it has killed me inside for a long time. anxiety ,social anxiety , lack of confidence , self harm secretly failed suicide attempt are some unfortunate experiences that i had . when i was in middle school i was in a wild school and i got bullied for 2 years i locked myself in the room for year's and gained a lot of weight depression makes me to look for a distraction, like wasting my time on the internet and being addicted to masturbation.i am a virgin i do not have any friends so i am always lonely and broke like i just have a bike even kids are riding motorcycles. so i do not even try to have a relationship with someone because it looks impossible. and humiliatingi feel like with all that i am going through that i say more and more and more and more but i just want to be happy, i just want some friends to hangout with, i just want to be with a girl i just want to be somebody that is not awkward and embarrassed for everythingi feel like i am not suicidal anymore because i have tried a lot and climbed huge rocks to make myself better than before. but still i am depressed lonely and broke that no one loves thank you if you are reading this pls do not judge mei have nothing to be violated as you can seeim not that negative right now i just want friends and a relationship.excuse me for bad english i just learned it with movie and youtubepls give me tips thank you hello i have so much more than depression but i am being positive and i want your tips for my loneliness
this is just one long rant.my family fights. mainly, it is just daniel and i, daniel being the one my mom married before i was born. i do not consider him anything close to a father figure, but he is the only thing i have other than teachers, counselors, or school staff. fighting has taken a toll on me, a lot. i am always the one at fault and he makes sure to phrase it in a way that makes me the one in the wrong, always. this has ended up with me scared of loud noises, feeling like a failure, feeling unloved, depressed, scared of hurting people, scared of being around people, scared of making mistakes, scared of offending people, scared of authoritarian figures that would coincide with father figures, defensive, rude in many cases, and in some ways, unable to properly read cues, though this might be an autism thing. for just over ten years, we have been digging a huge pit of anger and hate, mainly my hate for him, and the grief that comes with not feeling loved by someone who you see everyone else loved by. the depression stemming from the constant battling has ended me up in hospital three times due to being suicidal after fights, mainly because i feel like a disappointment. i end up wanting to punch him in the face, push him out the door, and lock every single entrance but i will never be strong enough emotionally for that. i am already a failure as is.i find it incredibly hard to cry, mainly because of how much i did in the early years, and have ended up being semi violent when it comes to confrontations with him. i will end up throwing things or slamming doors because i want to get away from him at all costs, i want to put something in between me and him. this usually ends up with me wanting to kill myself, like today. i did the only thing i could think of in the midst of the pain and depression today, i left the house and walked to the open space nearby. there is a bench there i am fond of. i managed to cry up there. i am glad nobody was out today. i contemplated commiting. i am glad i did not. i contemplated running away. i am glad i did not. the only thing keeping me sane is the people i love and i hate it so much. i feel like i should live for more than just spite and to make others happy. i just want to be happy.the thing that hurts the most is when i see families having fun together. a dad and his child reading a book on the sidewalk. a mom and her daughter walking the family pets. a husband and wife taking their toddler in a stroller.it makes me feel raw hate. hate to myself that i cannot be a better person. hate to myself that i cannot have that because i cannot control what little temper i have. hate that despite everything i do, he cannot take responsibility for anything. i hate it. i hate me.how can i be happy when my whole life is pain and sadness? how can i be happy when the person i am supposed to look up to despises me more than the dogs i pass in their yards? why do the dogs pause to see if i am ok longer than he does. i want happiness. please. i would give anything for that peace.tldr i am in pain. i hate myself, my dad, everything i am. i just want happiness. i feel like shit and i need to rant. thisll be long, you do not have to read. tw suicide, self harm
i have been treated for depression for a few years now. i expressed concerns about fatigue and brain fog to my primary care and she brought up depression. she also ran a thyroid panel because that seems like everyone is favorite test. that was normal and i was declining so i made an appointment with behavioral health. first it was zoloft even though the doctor said you have had a pretty charmed life, why are you depressed which made me feel awful for going there for help. he was retiring soon though and i was given a new provider. she added wellbutrin because i had no energy or motivation. then i started having episodes of heart palpitations tachycardia especially when i laid down to sleep. i did not feel anxious but i was told it was anxiety and was given a low dose of propranolol as needed. then vyvanse was added because my focus and energy were still horrendous. so now i am on 4 different meds, still have no energy and no focus. i have had a formal add diagnosis since undergrad. i completed a graduate degree in a stem field. but now i cannot focus on much less technical work for my job. i know this is not just add. i cannot even focus on watching tv. thank god my blood pressure was a bit high or the psych provider would have just increased the dose of vyvanse at my last appointment to try to fix my concentration issues. so this week i had my annual appointment with my primary care doctor so she will prescribe my birth control for the next year. instead of just complaining about the fatigue, random joint pain, and heart palpitations i straight up asked for lab tests. of course she repeated the thyroid panel but also added lyme, antinuclear antibodies, iron, ferritin, vitamin d, and standard cbc, lipid studies, etc. thank god the tests for lyme and autoimmune diseases came back negative. but guess what my iron and ferritin were very low. every value on the iron panel was abnormal which i am pretty sure indicates this has been going on for a while. that can because depression, palpitations, and of course extreme fatigue. my vitamin d was also low which causes depression, fatigue, and explains the random migratory bone and joint pain. i am so frustrated that this was not explored two years ago by my primary care doctor or by the psych doctors before throwing so many meds at me. i am also mad at myself for not demanding it. but even as someone that works in the medical field and is familiar and comfortable with the environment i still have a hard time standing up to physicians or telling them how to do their job.i am not saying that i do not have depression. i am almost certain i do. but i also have deficiencies that are making my symptoms so much worse and making the medications they are prescribing ineffective. and nobody ordered basic lab work to investigate why nothing was working until i asked them to. its so frustrating knowing i have felt horrible for a couple of years now and i could have easily fixed it. if any of this sounds like you please ask for the lab tests. its worth finding out if you have any underlying conditions contributing to your depression so you can be treated properly. why is an extensive panel of labs not the first step before medication? kind of a rant
i want to leave something like a autobiography here, hoping that it will give context to understand how i feel. i also think it will be nice to look back. so, here goes nothing. i am doa. i was born in a middle eastern country 19 years ago. i grew up in a nice small town with my family. my life was pretty ordinary until i realized that i was into feminine stuff, but thought it was a fetish and kept it to myself until 2019. i searched about gender dysphoria, transexual people etc. and i realized that i was possibly a trans woman. i asked my parents to see a psychiatrist, but did not tell the reason since i was not sure. after few appointments, both of us were sure that i was trans. then, i came out to my parents, which was a disaster. they told me that i was a monster, threatened me with disowning me and stuff. also, that was a shitty timing because it was my last year on high school and i was going to take an exam to apply universities. as you would expect, i was feeling terrible and got depressed. thought about killing myself several times and planned it few times but did not do it. by that time, my dysphoria was also killing me and i was running away from mirrors and cameras. after my 18th birthday, things got a little bit better. my parents stopped dealing with me and i found that studying non stop was a good way to run away from my problems. few months later, my exam went pretty good and i got accepted to one of the best universities in the country, which gave me hope about life. i was thinking by myself okay, what can i lose by fighting a little bit more? . that was a year ago. in the last year, things got even better i can say. since my university was progressive, everyone was nice towards me, my parents were fully accepting and i even started to look in mirrors after 1.5 years of misery. then i got rhinoplasty, completed the preparatory year and here i am. now you might ask what are you complaining about? . i mean, i feel like i should not complain. even though that i have not got a feminine haircut and i wear nothing but joggers and hoodies, people call me miss , i am lucky to have a family like that especially when you consider that i live in mddle east and i am enrolled in a good university. my life seems pretty ok compared to lgbtq around me. however, as the title suggests, i just do not know what i want. i focused on my transition too much that i have no idea other than that i want to be seen as how i feel inside. i just feel like lost? i do not know what i want to study. i do not know where i want to live. i do not know what i want to do for a living. of course there are things that i know that i would like to do or to have. but most of them are unattainable as i cannot change the past. for the future, i just know that i want to be loved by someone who sees me as how i want to see myself, but i could not find anyone who shares the same feelings, thoughts and stuff with me. so, i am here, feeling all alone, living without a goal or anything. i do not want to feel this way. if i could be a different person, i promise you i would. not because i want to but because that way maybe i could be a happier person. i do not really know what i want nor what to expect from life
i have been treated for depression for a few years now. i expressed concerns about fatigue and brain fog to my primary care and she brought up depression. she also ran a thyroid panel because that seems like everyone is favorite test. that was normal and i was declining so i made an appointment with behavioral health. first it was zoloft even though the doctor said you have had a pretty charmed life, why are you depressed which made me feel awful for going there for help. he was retiring soon though and i was given a new provider. she added wellbutrin because i had no energy or motivation. then i started having episodes of heart palpitations tachycardia especially when i laid down to sleep. i did not feel anxious but i was told it was anxiety and was given a low dose of propranolol as needed. then vyvanse was added because my focus and energy were still horrendous. so now i am on 4 different meds, still have no energy and no focus. i have had a formal add diagnosis since undergrad. i completed a graduate degree in a stem field. but now i cannot focus on much less technical work for my job. i know this is not just add. i cannot even focus on watching tv. thank god my blood pressure was a bit high or the psych provider would have just increased the dose of vyvanse at my last appointment to try to fix my concentration issues. so this week i had my annual appointment with my primary care doctor so she will prescribe my birth control for the next year. instead of just complaining about the fatigue, random joint pain, and heart palpitations i straight up asked for lab tests. of course she repeated the thyroid panel but also added lyme, antinuclear antibodies, iron, ferritin, vitamin d, and standard cbc, lipid studies, etc. thank god the tests for lyme and autoimmune diseases came back negative. but guess what my iron and ferritin were very low. every value on the iron panel was abnormal which i am pretty sure indicates this has been going on for a while. that can because depression, palpitations, and of course extreme fatigue. my vitamin d was also low which causes depression, fatigue, and explains the random migratory bone and joint pain. i am so frustrated that this was not explored two years ago by my primary care doctor or by the psych doctors before throwing so many meds at me. i am also mad at myself for not demanding it. but even as someone that works in the medical field and is familiar and comfortable with the environment i still have a hard time standing up to physicians or telling them how to do their job.i am not saying that i do not have depression. i am almost certain i do. but i also have deficiencies that are making my symptoms so much worse and making the medications they are prescribing ineffective. and nobody ordered basic lab work to investigate why nothing was working until i asked them to. its so frustrating knowing i have felt horrible for a couple of years now and i could have easily fixed it. if any of this sounds like you please ask for the lab tests. its worth finding out if you have any underlying conditions contributing to your depression so you can be treated properly. why is an extensive panel of labs not the first step before medication? kind of a rant
i wish i could start over again. i feel like i missed out. i feel like i have not developed. i am generally content, but only when there is absolutely no pressure on me. as soon as there is even a smidge of pressure and am alone i lose control over my emotions and stress out over everything.i guess i should write a bit about myself. i am 22, have asperger syndrome, live with my parents and attend university forestry major . in primary school and highschool everyone called me smart. all my live i kind of strolled through it with no resistance. i was happy. i never had trouble with anything. but once i entered university that gradually changed. suddenly things became hard, people had expectations of me. i have to know what is to come months in advance and prepare for it.i feel fake. i do not have the passion for foresty my other classmates had. i only chose this major because i kind of liked biology class in highschool. but i never had a passion for it. in highschool i could just stroll along and do fine, but that just does not work anymore. everyone wants me to know what i want. i do not know what i want! or its more like i do know what i want i just want an easy life. an easy job. i wish i joined a college instead or maybe some kind of trade school, maybe i could have learned carpentry or plumbing or how to fell trees. id be happy just working under a boss, 9 to 5, just do as i am told. i could have had my own home by now if i did that. id be able to come home after work and do something else. play some games, watch tv, maybe get into a new hobby like reading or writing, maybe try dating. i cannot do any of that in college. i am constantly anxious and overwhelmed and i cannot pay attention and i do not know what to do and i fear that all jobs in this field will be equally stressful and exhausting.despite the trouble i described i largely made it through all my classes. i actually only have 1 test that i need to resit. but i do not want to do it anymore. i wish they never put the idea in my head that i am smart. i do not feel smart. i feel like an idiot that cannot handle the real world. i am so exhausted from looking for internships. i am so tired from having to do a large project each semester along with having to learn for multiple huge tests.i cannot quit university now. that would kill my mother, she is so worried about it. i can feel it in everything she does. so that is what i want to do. i want to at least finish university, and then i will see what i do.i wish i could do my entire life over again knowing what i know now. id do it all so differently. id spend more time being active, going outside, moving, learning new things, learning how to deal with adversity, id find something i am passionate for or at least something i could enjoy doing as a peaceful job.i hope this rant is not against the rules or anything. i read them and it seems fine. writing down my emotions and regrets like this makes it easier for me to process my emotions. but i do not know how long i can go without another emotional breakdown from my mounting anxiety. either way thanks for reading. not sure if depressed but... please hear me out. my negative emotional outbursts have been getting more common.
i do not understand life. i look at happy people and i feel so jealous that their brains work the way they are supposed to. i understand why people who have experienced trauma can have debilitating psychological issues, my girlfriend is one of them so i can understand and empathize with her. but i am just a normal person, i have no trauma to trigger mental illness, nothing i can point to anyways, yeah my dad left me as a child, but i do not remember him. i have had alopecia since i was 7 and it has affected my social development, and of course this affected me negatively but of all the hardships i could have faced, i have it good. yet i have been depressed as long as i can remember, my social anxiety is off the charts, i am an incompetent person, i am incapable of living a normal life, i cannot handle my responsibilities and obligations, i live like a child who expects people to clean after him and as a result my house is a mess despite the fact that i think of myself as a neat freak and despise my living conditions financially i am a mess, i choose drugs and online shopping over my bills. i cannot maintain a relationship without letting my mental health affect and drag it down. i will not commit to working towards the career i dream of. i first thought about taking my life when i was in grade 3, to me it is normal to think about suicide, but when i step back and look at it, that is insane, why would a young child want to die? what is wrong with me? and to anyone who can relate to this, what the hell is wrong with us? why do not we possess the basic drive to live and succeed? if you read my post history you will see that i was broken up with by my fianc whom i was with for 8 years so it may look like i just fell into depression after that but i can assure you this has been hiding under the surface the whole time, she was a convenient crutch that i used ton hide my illness. i recently found a suicide note i wrote 2 years ago, when i was supposedly happily engaged and looking forward to my whole life. i have kind of gone on a tangent here, but back to my original point. what the hell is wrong with us? why do our brains want to kill us? i am 25 and i am supposed to be taking the world by storm and making a name and life for myself but instead i stagnate, i do nothing of value and i sleep all the time and hope that one day i just do not wake up. it is just not fair and i do not understand it. i would love to be normal for once in my life, but no. i have to have ridiculous overreactions and emotional breakdowns over things that everyone is supposed to just deal with. i despise myself even though the logical side of my brain tells me i am worthy and valuable. i know this cannot even be answered but i felt like ranting. comment here and tell me your story, all the nitty gritty bullshit, i will read it, i will listen, and if you want, i will talk to you, i will take your pain and suffering on my shoulders, the only thing i ever feel good about is listening to others, it helps me feel less alone, because it seems like all we have is each other and i think maybe the best some of us can do is just be there for others who we can relate to why are some of us just broken? tw suicide, drugs
i do not understand life. i look at happy people and i feel so jealous that their brains work the way they are supposed to. i understand why people who have experienced trauma can have debilitating psychological issues, my girlfriend is one of them so i can understand and empathize with her. but i am just a normal person, i have no trauma to trigger mental illness, nothing i can point to anyways, yeah my dad left me as a child, but i do not remember him. i have had alopecia since i was 7 and it has affected my social development, and of course this affected me negatively but of all the hardships i could have faced, i have it good. yet i have been depressed as long as i can remember, my social anxiety is off the charts, i am an incompetent person, i am incapable of living a normal life, i cannot handle my responsibilities and obligations, i live like a child who expects people to clean after him and as a result my house is a mess despite the fact that i think of myself as a neat freak and despise my living conditions financially i am a mess, i choose drugs and online shopping over my bills. i cannot maintain a relationship without letting my mental health affect and drag it down. i will not commit to working towards the career i dream of. i first thought about taking my life when i was in grade 3, to me it is normal to think about suicide, but when i step back and look at it, that is insane, why would a young child want to die? what is wrong with me? and to anyone who can relate to this, what the hell is wrong with us? why do not we possess the basic drive to live and succeed? if you read my post history you will see that i was broken up with by my fianc whom i was with for 8 years so it may look like i just fell into depression after that but i can assure you this has been hiding under the surface the whole time, she was a convenient crutch that i used ton hide my illness. i recently found a suicide note i wrote 2 years ago, when i was supposedly happily engaged and looking forward to my whole life. i have kind of gone on a tangent here, but back to my original point. what the hell is wrong with us? why do our brains want to kill us? i am 25 and i am supposed to be taking the world by storm and making a name and life for myself but instead i stagnate, i do nothing of value and i sleep all the time and hope that one day i just do not wake up. it is just not fair and i do not understand it. i would love to be normal for once in my life, but no. i have to have ridiculous overreactions and emotional breakdowns over things that everyone is supposed to just deal with. i despise myself even though the logical side of my brain tells me i am worthy and valuable. i know this cannot even be answered but i felt like ranting. comment here and tell me your story, all the nitty gritty bullshit, i will read it, i will listen, and if you want, i will talk to you, i will take your pain and suffering on my shoulders, the only thing i ever feel good about is listening to others, it helps me feel less alone, because it seems like all we have is each other and i think maybe the best some of us can do is just be there for others who we can relate to why are some of us just broken? tw suicide, drugs
hello everyone seeing this i want to speak on my experience with depression and my own struggles. on cold lonely nights like this i feel i just have nowhere to go and nobody to turn to i have absolutely no friends my family either would not understand or laugh in my face as soon as i bring up depression, i do not know what to do anymore i do not understand why i wake up every morning to to the same things i did the day before and go to sleep hours after everyone else stuck with my thoughts, alone, cold, and depressed. i just want to drift to sleep one day and not wake up but every morning i roll over to look at my empty screen, showing just the time, for me to lay back down and pray its all a dream and all my problems are gone and i can smile like i did before without masking my pain and sorrows from my family but its always the same. i cannot even eat anymore because every time i do i want to throw it up right back out or fill up on a single pancake or a glass of juice and when i try to sleep again i just lay there alone like every night stuck in my head stuck with my thoughts rotting away in my room thinking is today the day? am i finally leaving this world today? will something be different? maybe somebody will care today. and trying to find a way to pass the time but i struggle every time because the only thing i am even remotely good at is listening to music at an attempt to drown out the thoughts of depression and suicide. i wish i could go in the past and fix some of my mistakes like my biggest mistake of leaving my ex when i started getting more depressed my life started taking a turn down and i got so stressed out and took out my stress and anger on her but all i was doing was hurting her so i decided to break up in order to save out friendship, this all happened about 6 months ago since then i have been more and more depressed wishing i kept her and hoping she will wake up and talk to me again or at least answer my texts when i broke up with her i did not realize she was the only person i have ever been open with and ever shared my pain with and got close to she was the only thing keeping me grounded and happy she was my light through this darkness that is depression and i pushed her away i hurt her i just messed up and its my biggest regret leaving her was my biggest mistake along with waking up every morning still for no reason even my family says i do not do anything and cannot i am not good at anything and i cannot get myself anywhere in life at this point i only have 2 years left of high school but i have so many classes to get through and i know what my future is anyway why even try to make a difference why keep living to be nothing and nobody i am already doing it and everyone realizes how useless i am ill be more help being out of the way and finally being gone maybe then someone will care and maybe then someone will miss me and reach out to me maybe if i was gone i could give my family an easier life with one less mouth to feed and one less person to worry about. maybe i am just better off gone but i am not strong enough to even try to keep going why would i be strong enough to take my life. someone please help me i feel so hopeless. i do not know anymore.
me 24m my partner 29f i have undiagnosed anxiety at least i think i do. whatever it is, its taken a toll and ruined most of the romantic relationships i have been in. and its rearing its ugly head again, or i am. i am trying not to place the blame on the anxiety, i need to own it i have been obsessively checking my partners location using find my even when i know where she is work, home, sisters, etc it occurred to me recently, what would i do if she was not where she said she was? it always worries me when she or my past partners would go out for the night to hang out with friends and have a few drinks. i get this overwhelming feeling that they are going to find someone better, bring them home and be unfaithful just the thought of it makes my stomach turn. i want to be able to tell myself that is not likely and get out of my own head but its all i can think about. it does not help that my current partner is bipolar 2 and has manic episodes where her sex drive is elevated that scares me even more. what if she needs to scratch that itch and i am not around? what if she is mad at me and does it to get back at me? what if this? what if that? its a deep rabbit hole. to pile on the crap, she works retail and i have an office job so there is several hours every night that i try to keep myself busy and not imagine her sneaking off from work to be with someone else. speaking of work, she is fairly new at this job in a management position and they are already talking about moving her to a new store possibly out of state as the next step career wise. now this is not for a few years but i have got obligations here that make it more challenging for me to pack up and move to a new state if that is what happens. she, she just has me and lately its felt like she would be willing to drop me like a sack of potatoes should the offer come up.its been a recurring argument we never have time for just us you are always on about workjust be present with me they call you in every day, even on your days off its taxing to say the least. we talked recently and it came up that our priorities are out of order hers are 1. her career 2. my career 3. our relationship mine are 1. our relationship 2. our careers it just feels like she is not willing to compromise at all. i have asked her multiple times if she would be willing to but its always i do not know what my plan is yet i do not want her to give up her future for me but i do not want to be considered when she thinks about her future, that does not seem crazy, right? the icing on the cake is i have developed a little bit of a weed addiction. problem is i work for uncle sam. and also, i act like such a child when i am high. i try not to i try to be chill like everyone else but when i am high is the only time i feel like i can not worry about everything else.so yeah i act like a child when i am high because the rest of the time i have to hold everything together and its this sweet sweet release from that. i do not know what the point of this rant is is it a confession, is it a rant, i just want to be heard, validated maybe. what does it look like from the outside?ask questions for clarification if you want. i feel like my anxiety is ruining my life
i do not know if some of you remember me, but i did a post a few days back here gt can we talk about the less obvious symptoms of depression? summarized now all the symptoms you have written down in the comment section. why i do it is because for years i was beating myself up for those less obvious symptoms, because i was not aware that it goes hand in hand with depression and thought i was simply mentally and emotionally weak, compared to everybody else. since i had this epiphany that it might be directly associated to depression, i understand my mind much better, which i find to be helpful for myself. this leads me to have more compassion for myself and knowing, that this is not necessarily who i am. it has often been pointless trying to solve those problems which i was trying to do for years , because as long as i am was depressed, there was literally nothing i could do about those less obvious symptoms. it is like working hard for having no results, and then hating myself for not making any progress at all. so i hoped to help some of the people here too.disclaimer this list does not serve to be self diagnosed and many of the points do not have to have anything to do with depression.again these are the less obvious symptoms. so for example sadness, exhaustion, numbness or lack of appetite are not listed, since those would be the better known symptoms. amp x200b cognitive abilities memory loss reduced focus capacity problems with learning catatonia less intelligent inability to read derealization dissociation negative change in executive functioning emotions feelings indecisiveness even for the smallest and less important decisions shame feeling embarrassed guilt bitterness irritation anger anxiety impulsiveness frozen emotionally, mentally and physically restless overwhelmed by the smallest things emotionally, mentally and physically self image low self esteem self loathing everything is my fault loss of identity fixating on physical appearance consistent and relentless negative self talk self doubt imposter syndrome physical sexual impotence asexual very low libido insomnia sleeping issues sleep deprivation lack of hygiene losing sense of taste gastrointestinal symptoms physical aches physical discomfort headaches feeling like an anchor pushes on your head sensitive to noises acne, hair loss, lower back pain amp irregular periods lt this could be symptoms of something else, e.g. hormonal social lower social intelligence not being able to handle criticism sensitivity to rejection grudge holding decreased ability to read social ques or properly display emotions the need for company not having energy to be social wanting people to know or notice that you are depressed the need for compassion envy of people not wanting to be a burden to others isolating hating people misanthropy being rude to others others burnout overthinking complaining remember all childhood experiences and overanalyzing them identifying with depressed famous people and romanticizing own situation and wanting to put own negative thoughts into artwork never being in the moment not caring about the future exaggeration of own bad situation comprehensive list of the less obvious symptoms of depression
edit i realize maybe i write too much you don t need to read it to answer the question in a way i needed to vent also thats what a lot of this is but i can only put one flair i have heavy anxiety social and general i think it s called not sure i avoid going anywhere a much a i can i get very anxious around new people and absolutely hate it and then i also have anxiety about my health what if i am doing something wrong etc i had medication once that i would take if i had a panic attack but i don t have any more it wa a one time prescription after a visit to emergency care depression also cloud my life my anxiety make me depressed issue about my identity make me depressed and overall it s just awful everything feel so awful and it s hard to feel happy about anything even though where i am right now i asked to be i wa seperated from my bf cause of family moving stuff and i am with him again after month of being alone at my family place for month i wa looking forward to being here but i can t even be happy about it because my anxiety mainly it is because of work i have never had a job before and i am gon na start soon at a fast food place yeah i know amazing for someone like me i hate meeting new people everyday i am scared i wont be able to learn quick enough or retain information i really don t look forward to having to interact with people i am scared to be treated like an outcast i m trans and at the interview i let the interviewer call me she which i am not but it wa like whiplash is that the right word and i couldn t say anything now i have to correct him when i call back because i wa told to call back but i am scared because it feel like correcting someone on pronoun make a big deal i don t want it to be a big deal but some people take it so personally it s not something i want brought up all the time honestly i don t want to be a push over but i also don t want to be seen a too defensive another thing i am anxious about is my trip to work i will have to take public transport and i have huge fear of something bad happening to me that i can t relax when going anywhere and i am scared of being asked to come in on many day off and i don t like to say no but i also don t want to be asked to fill any shift whenever they want i said i am willing but honestly only day extra a week i am not doing day work no break thats awful i am scared i wont be able to make the decision i want and fall to pressure sorry if it s a lot to read and maybe i get off topic sometimes my mind is a mess i just want to know how some of you cope that work in job with a lot of customer interaction and people around i feel like i wont make it like i will screw up big time or have a panic attack and i will just walk out because i can t keep my anxiety under control i want to get help but i really have no money i want to find a better job but i have no experience in anything and everything that you don t need experience for is customer oriented or requires heavy lifting and i don t have the time either having to get a job asap because my bf is paying for our accommodation right now and i need to help out so i need to do this but i feel like it s gon na take a toll on me and i don t know what to do
hey guys i am tired of life and i feel like i am tired of it since i went to kindergarten where i had to learn about societal categories and adult concepts and how reality has to be perceived if you want to be seen as a sane person and how reality actually works for humans in a society. of course i can find joy in things, such as my hobbies or perhaps even few social contact but overall id say life sucks and this is such a truth for me that i would not even care if it was a tattoo on my arm. i am a person who is always aware that reality is just a subjective interpretation so i do not stick much to any political parties for instance. some say that it is a good trait but.. i feel like many many humans love to attach stickers to themselves and identify with something while i cannot do it for a longer time, i fit in no particular group because i cannot accept absolute truths but speaking from my experience they are present in every group. they are not even verbal but sometimes unwritten rules, a certain rigidity that bores the f out of me. so i am a bit lost person in social situations i participate, not with the greatest initiative but i do. but while smalltalk or talk that people would not even call smalltalk anymore one part of me is focused on smth else.. on the person i interact with, the way he she speaks, is dressed, why exactly like this, what does he she want to communicate about themselves, is this gesture adapted from a certain group of people or is it natural authentical.. i think it is normal to analyze our fellow people but i do it to such a great extent that i think its just distracting from the main purpose to find joy in the actual social interaction. but i ultimately think hmm i know now more or less what kind of person this is and more conversation is unnecessary. so how tf do i find joy in that? the answer i usually get is you probably just did not find the right people yet. maybe.. i have some tho. but i have to live most of my life not with them because i have to be at work or uni and i should not hate it there. also i have been in different places with different people, i have been to pole dance, hung out with gamers, tried been forced to christian community, had an atelier with other artists, been in goa scene and overall club scene where i live, been in different schools and worked in different fields and and and it has always been the same. it is not them, it is me. me together with others is just meh so i realized a big part of my boredom is faced towards society or let us say interaction with humans. i am not a misanthropist, i highly value and appreciate many creations of humans, i can see that some humans are just really nice people, and many tremendously suck balls. but as i stated above life sucks, i guess it does particularly as a dissident and as a not really social person. so what do i do? i realized already as a child that i feel less joy than majority. is it eternal high functioning depression or do i just have antisocial squidward personality and have to somehow live like this? is this depression? doomed personality? or just decreased ability to find joy in many things because i am low key asocial? or is this all the same..
another day begins that is the same as the other, and again the feeling came that i was wasting the time that i still had. i try to get out of the cage, but people try to keep me in it. people tell me it is better to stay in the cage, but i do not want to stay! i want to escape. but i wonder if if i escape, something will change? i am still a loser and still unloved i cannot stand these repetitive days. it feels like i am stuck in time and everyone is passing me by. people live live and i just watch them. have i given up yet? i think the world is so much easier with money. i hate this world, all the people who are not rich have to waste their whole life on work? there is not much time left and there is no way out. i do not understand why this is so damn normal for everyone? how could i be happy when i work all day? this society is so disgusting that everyone only cares about money, lots of people pay for sex and often people would leave you when someone else has more money than you, the whole world just cares about money. then i wonder, is there true love in this disgusting world? are there people out there who are different? is there more than money in society's mind? i do not understand all the people who have sex without loving the person, why did they do that, why does it matter if the person is great? maybe i just envy the rich people, would i mind if i was rich? probably not. maybe the world is still disgusting, maybe i am. would this world ever change? probably not! i am a shy not attractive not intelligent person with too many problems to count. maybe someone likes me, but only as long as i can keep my facade. because behind this facade hides a bore who isolates himself from society because he cannot get along with it. i have lost my friends, i have lost my popularity, and i have lost my heart. now i am just an empty body slowly rising out of the darkness. and i do not know how to get my heart back, if it is even possible. i try to be a lucky guy but i am dead inside. i try to tell others so i can get help, but i am not taken seriously. what should i do when life is terrible.i feel so lonely, nobody likes or even loves, everyone tells me how bad i am. i want to break out but the cage is holding me tight, i cannot escape no matter how hard i try. i have wishes but they fade knowing they will never come true. everyone works like a robot, nobody has questioned whether life is meaningless. why should we work until we get old and slowly die. to die unsuccessfully to unknown and unpopular. i do not understand this world, nobody understands this pain that i feel inside of me. why am i born if i only suffer?i think the world is great, there is a lot of fun, happiness and love, but i am trapped in a cage that is only loneliness and despair. i feel so numb, so numb ... do you know how i feel? have you ever felt this way? i hope not ... i do not expect that you can help me, i just want to share my feelings because it helps me a little. every day goes by so quickly and feels so wasted. i want to be loved, but i know myself that there is nothing about me that is lovable. thanks for reading this, i just do not want to exist because nobody needs me anyway. my life
another day begins that is the same as the other, and again the feeling came that i was wasting the time that i still had. i try to get out of the cage, but people try to keep me in it. people tell me it is better to stay in the cage, but i do not want to stay! i want to escape. but i wonder if if i escape, something will change? i am still a loser and still unloved i cannot stand these repetitive days. it feels like i am stuck in time and everyone is passing me by. people live live and i just watch them. have i given up yet? i think the world is so much easier with money. i hate this world, all the people who are not rich have to waste their whole life on work? there is not much time left and there is no way out. i do not understand why this is so damn normal for everyone? how could i be happy when i work all day? this society is so disgusting that everyone only cares about money, lots of people pay for sex and often people would leave you when someone else has more money than you, the whole world just cares about money. then i wonder, is there true love in this disgusting world? are there people out there who are different? is there more than money in society's mind? i do not understand all the people who have sex without loving the person, why did they do that, why does it matter if the person is great? maybe i just envy the rich people, would i mind if i was rich? probably not. maybe the world is still disgusting, maybe i am. would this world ever change? probably not! i am a shy not attractive not intelligent person with too many problems to count. maybe someone likes me, but only as long as i can keep my facade. because behind this facade hides a bore who isolates himself from society because he cannot get along with it. i have lost my friends, i have lost my popularity, and i have lost my heart. now i am just an empty body slowly rising out of the darkness. and i do not know how to get my heart back, if it is even possible. i try to be a lucky guy but i am dead inside. i try to tell others so i can get help, but i am not taken seriously. what should i do when life is terrible.i feel so lonely, nobody likes or even loves, everyone tells me how bad i am. i want to break out but the cage is holding me tight, i cannot escape no matter how hard i try. i have wishes but they fade knowing they will never come true. everyone works like a robot, nobody has questioned whether life is meaningless. why should we work until we get old and slowly die. to die unsuccessfully to unknown and unpopular. i do not understand this world, nobody understands this pain that i feel inside of me. why am i born if i only suffer?i think the world is great, there is a lot of fun, happiness and love, but i am trapped in a cage that is only loneliness and despair. i feel so numb, so numb ... do you know how i feel? have you ever felt this way? i hope not ... i do not expect that you can help me, i just want to share my feelings because it helps me a little. every day goes by so quickly and feels so wasted. i want to be loved, but i know myself that there is nothing about me that is lovable. thanks for reading this, i just do not want to exist because nobody needs me anyway. my life
hello! i am looking for support or just anyone who is kind enough to read through this post, and i really wanted to share about my struggles with depression and get of out this really dark place that i am in right now. i believe that i may have high functioning depression although i do want to diagnose myself , everything looks fine on the outside and i seem to be doing well, but i am really struggling on the inside. i feel really lonely, unloved, unappreciated, and most of all empty and hallow. i feel like an empty she will of a person, who has no sense of self and has no interests hobbies passions about anything in life. everyday is the same boring monotony, and i do not feel motivated or have the energy to change my routine because i am so unhappy with the way my life has turned out and the people around me.i had a relatively good and happy childhood, however things started to get worse as i became a teenager. i was diagnosed with add when i was in middle school, i come from an immigrant family with very conservative values, and i never able to get the help that i needed for it. i struggled a lot in school and had poor grades, which i think caused me to spiral into a deep depression anxiety. i have been struggling since i was 12 13 and i am now 24. i have also suffered a lot of abuse at the hands of my family members and the trauma has completely shattered my self esteem and self worth, which further made the depression anxiety i was experiencing, exponentially worse. i definitely think my toxic upbringing environment and not getting help for my add made things worse for my mental health. i now work at a fortune 100 tech company, and i constantly feel unworthy and that i do not deserve this amazing opportunity. i do not have the confidence, and upbeat personality all of my coworkers seem to have.i have no support system, no friends, no relatives, except my immediate family. i am surrounded by my coworkers who are all in relationships, have a solid friend group, relatives, etc. they are surrounded by all of the love and support in the world, while i feel like i have wasted my life due to my unfortunate situation and years of trauma and depression. i feel like the people around me are so much luckier, they had it easier and i know they will go far in life and their careers. i cry every night because i am so terrified of my future, i have no friends at all and feel like no one cares about me. dying of loneliness. i want to move out and live on my own but i am scared and the depression has been making it hard to find the motivation to get things done. most importantly, i want to stay away from the toxic and negative people in my life.i do not want to feel like there is no hope in my life, no bright future for me. i do not want the people or the circumstances in my life to define me or break me down. i know i deserved better! how can someone who has no interests or hobbies and is very depressed such as myself, connect with other people and make friends? i would like to make long term meaningful friends not just acquaintances or superficial connections.thank you for reading my post all the way through! in a dark place right now, support would be appreciated
i do not know why i keep doing this and honestly i do not know why i came up this way, the only thing i can conclude is that i fell in despair so deeply? let me explain or at least try to confess you why i do what i do, because even if you will think i am weird that is okay, because yknow, not everybody deserve good things in life. but you do!i am sorry if you do not understand my way of expressing myself or my bad grammar or english, that is okay because i just cannot do anything right, but english is not my native language.i always felt odd and i feel i had to fake my entire life to seem more normal possible, so maybe that is why i am here after all.i always envied people who knows what they want in life, and had a normal childhood, i do not know why, but i cannot let go my past ill probably never will.i consider myself nothing, so if i was nothing i could be anything right? but no.i tried so hard to fit in a normal life style, taking inspiration from the people i loved, i wanted to be as closest as possible to them! but, i was just lying to myself, and things only went downhill.my family does not care about me, at all, i do not blame them, after alla i think they would be more happy with me.i look outside my window and i see everyone begin so happy.i wanted to feel happiness but everything i felt was emptiness and so much self hate.i do not blame people who use drugs or use any substance, if i had money or way to do that, i would because i refuse to live in a world with myself, at least even for fews seconds, i would like to feel something else other than emptiness.day passed, and i tried to be positive, my mental health deteriorated, so i started to give in in my self destructive habits.i fasted, because why not? i lived in a body i hated, i world that show me beaty but made me despise myself even more.i fasted with just caffeine tea or coffee, if i got hungry i ate some fruit.all my days where spent watching the walls or hurting myself in some way or writing in my dairy all the shitty things happened in my daily life.this was until i fainted on the supermarket, my sister and mother were so fucking bothered by this, and i felt like shit because i cannot do anything right. but after that something changed in me.i though i was dead and i felt so...blessed?but, after waking up all i was thinking was how i can get closer to it.so i stared to planning all the bad thing i could do to myself.i was quite good at it, but when a car hit me, not to the point of hurting me that bad i realised that i did not wanted to die that way.i wanted, yeah, someone who could kill me.its so strange to think that, but, i could not help that.when i sat on the edge on my window i always thought if someone would even bother to do something to me.killing is not easy and most of the people would know that prison is waiting for them, but its so hard to not think about it.i realised that there is nothing more than i want than someone who wants me dead, at least who wants to feel that they want to do that to me, because i would feel so alone if they would feel forced.i do not know why i would feel so worth it in this persons arms. the closest am i to death, the more i feel worth it.
i do not know why i keep doing this and honestly i do not know why i came up this way, the only thing i can conclude is that i fell in despair so deeply? let me explain or at least try to confess you why i do what i do, because even if you will think i am weird that is okay, because yknow, not everybody deserve good things in life. but you do!i am sorry if you do not understand my way of expressing myself or my bad grammar or english, that is okay because i just cannot do anything right, but english is not my native language.i always felt odd and i feel i had to fake my entire life to seem more normal possible, so maybe that is why i am here after all.i always envied people who knows what they want in life, and had a normal childhood, i do not know why, but i cannot let go my past ill probably never will.i consider myself nothing, so if i was nothing i could be anything right? but no.i tried so hard to fit in a normal life style, taking inspiration from the people i loved, i wanted to be as closest as possible to them! but, i was just lying to myself, and things only went downhill.my family does not care about me, at all, i do not blame them, after alla i think they would be more happy with me.i look outside my window and i see everyone begin so happy.i wanted to feel happiness but everything i felt was emptiness and so much self hate.i do not blame people who use drugs or use any substance, if i had money or way to do that, i would because i refuse to live in a world with myself, at least even for fews seconds, i would like to feel something else other than emptiness.day passed, and i tried to be positive, my mental health deteriorated, so i started to give in in my self destructive habits.i fasted, because why not? i lived in a body i hated, i world that show me beaty but made me despise myself even more.i fasted with just caffeine tea or coffee, if i got hungry i ate some fruit.all my days where spent watching the walls or hurting myself in some way or writing in my dairy all the shitty things happened in my daily life.this was until i fainted on the supermarket, my sister and mother were so fucking bothered by this, and i felt like shit because i cannot do anything right. but after that something changed in me.i though i was dead and i felt so...blessed?but, after waking up all i was thinking was how i can get closer to it.so i stared to planning all the bad thing i could do to myself.i was quite good at it, but when a car hit me, not to the point of hurting me that bad i realised that i did not wanted to die that way.i wanted, yeah, someone who could kill me.its so strange to think that, but, i could not help that.when i sat on the edge on my window i always thought if someone would even bother to do something to me.killing is not easy and most of the people would know that prison is waiting for them, but its so hard to not think about it.i realised that there is nothing more than i want than someone who wants me dead, at least who wants to feel that they want to do that to me, because i would feel so alone if they would feel forced.i do not know why i would feel so worth it in this persons arms. the closest am i to death, the more i feel worth it.
in my last post i complained about how rude he is in, everything he does. now, i am beginning to understand exactly why! when, his wife was alive, she had control over everything. he had very little if any control at all. so, in the scant few years he says he has left, he is trying to make up for 47 years of being someone who always did as he was told. here is the issue, nothing i do is good enough for him. except maybe the physical things he cannot do at all anymore. for example yardwork. anything my wife or i do around here, he goes behind us and quietly second guesses. if the cat is outside, he insists he knows about it! i asked why? one of us let her out, one of us will let her back in. nope. not good enough for him! he goes out onto the concrete porch on very shaky legs in, clumsy slippers and, down the brick steps to get her. why? you guessed it! he has to control the cat too!! if any of you have ever had a cat or two you are all aware that cats do as they please! when, we moved in here, he insisted we change anything we did not like after all this will be our house soon then when, we talk about changing anything or buying something new, he scoffs! idk why your going to waste money on a new tv when, this 28 year old, 19 box tv is just fine! oh, you mean the one with the lousy picture that you always complain about having to get up to see the program guide because, you cannot see it? that perfectly fine tv? i mention to him that we are getting a new kitchen trash can because the one he has is not designed to hold trash. we have no room for it in the kitchen and...you guessed it! the old one is perfectly fine! plenty of room for it and, the old one is not perfectly fine! we want to replace the shades with blinds, he says why? the old ones are perfectly fine! not true. every one of them is torn and, the springs are shot. my wife his daughter hung out his humming bird feeder. we went and bought a second one and since my wife cannot get on a ladder nor can i she mounted it in a lower area. day before yesterday, he had dragged out the ladder to climb up and put the feeder up higher. he was wearing house slippers and his robe. he could have fallen and at his age, that would be the end. oh i almost forgot the most important part. the lower feeder was not his idea. that is why he wanted to move it. he wanted us here so badly and said do whatever you want but is now regretting saying it. why? because he is not in charge. we have had to be careful when we go food shopping because, he has talked about, how much he misses driving. he has trouble hearing, we almost have to yell to get a point across he cannot see the cat, his phone, his walker, etc, when they right in front of him! no way, he is going to drive! all that being said, can someone please explain to me how a 94 year old man, has such a fucking obsession with being in control? you would think, his chief priority would be staying alive as long as he can! he frustrates the shit out of me, that pisses me off and, then i get so depressed that, i want to sleep all day! in any event, thanks for reading my rant. hope all is well. love and an awesome day to everyone! so says the godfather! lol controlling
the title sum up my whole life perfectly i wa born to a loving caring family my father is my personal hero a real masculine role model who taught me pretty much everything i know my mother gave me all the love a child can ask for they were always supportive in all the good thing that i used to do but always very strict about the bad thing when i chose a career path they paid for a private school which i m so grateful for high school wa the best time of my life they supported me in sport i used to be an amateur middleweight boxer i love them both dearly that s why it hurt so much knowing that i m nothing but a disappointment a burden a leech to them i made the worst decision possible after i finished high school i got accepted into the best technical university in my country it is so embarrassing to think back about it now i actually thought it wa an achievement to study i m ashamed to even type this be free to laugh software engineering i can t explain how a person can do something so stupid i only recently found out that most programmer and software engineer with a master degree which only about of student finish make minimum wage if they are lucky i m from the czech republic central europe programming is a dying career here everything is getting outsourced to the east job are disappearing left and right moving to a different country is not an option since i don t know any foreign language except for english which i m really not good at a you can see and most position require you to know the language of that nation anyway if you want to work in poland you got to know polish etc it s soul crushing to think that all this hard work is worth nothing and even if i manage to finish my degree i m gon na be making the same salary a people with no education and skill whatsoever the minimum wage here in czechia is not enough to afford even a room apartment so i m either gon na live in my parent basement for the rest of my life or i m gon na end up homeless if they decide to kick me out and probably freeze to death when it get cold but then again i m the only one to blame here i should have been thinking more when choosing a career path it s too late to change my profession now firstly because of all the money that my parent invested into it i feel like cry writing that and secondly because i know deep down that i can only do this that i would be a complete failure trying anything else the moment reality of my situation hit me my life took a bad turn a you can imagine having those thought every day just ravage your mental health i can t sleep properly and there are sequence of day when i don t eat anything i m losing weight i would be a lightweight boxer by now but i stopped training anyway my grade got worse i get feeling of despair and misery every day i don t smile anymore i get no joy from anything all my friend are gone i m very lonely i m invisible to woman and i completely lost interest in pursuing relationship no woman is ever gon na date a homeless software engineer i can t remember the last time i had morning wood i m never going to have child my bloodline end with me sorry for the wall of text if you read it all the way here you have my thanks
no one cares whether i am happy, sad, angry, excited, anxious whatever.they care that i am alive because if i killed myself, they would not get to talk to me anymore, or they would look like a bad parent, they would be lonely, they would be traumatized, etc. etc. they care that i am working, volunteering, paying rent, taking care of my appearance, going to therapy, etc. etc.they do not care how i feel.i posted something on my main account asking about how to talk about feelings because i really, genuinely do not know and i am feeling very alone, and all three comments so far can be surmised with, do not. this is pretty much the same reaction i have gotten from everyone in my life. even my therapist has asked why it is so important to me that people understand how i am feeling.i do not need people to understand. i just need someone to care. it is deeply, deeply upsetting to me to think that it makes no difference to anyone in my life besides me, obviously whether i go through life constantly on the verge of suicide, taking meds, having panic attacks and sobbing alone on my floor every couple of days as i have been since i was about eleven years old... i am now 25. or whether i go through life feeling generally content and loved just so long as i am functional and do not take up too much space with my emotions.every time i try to talk about how i feel, i get shut down, the subject gets changed, the other person starts complaining about their own life, or i am told that i am upsetting them. when i was fourteen, i told my friend that i was cutting myself, she told our priest, and the priest called the police and my parents and had me detained until i swore up and down that i would never, ever do it ever again of course i did lmao. i still do sometimes. that was the most extreme reaction i ever got, but others have been similar. i had someone i would been in a relationship with for months ghost me after i cried to them over the phone, for instance. i tried calling three different friends for help while i was hallucinating from alcohol withdrawal a little over a year ago, and literally every single one of them had a response like, um... that really sucks... good thing you are quitting, though. okay, here is what happened to me today it is just so frustrating. even when you google how to talk about your feelings, you will get a lot of results telling you that no one cares. i do not know. it makes me want to end it sometimes. i am just so fucking sick of being all alone. i want to just lose it and scream at everyone sometimes, but i do not think that would be fair. i know it is ultimately my responsibility to cope with my depression, but... i cannot. i just cannot do it without any support. i have been trying for so long.i have been in therapy for years. i take meds. i exercise. i eat healthy. i try to get enough sleep. and now i have been sober for about a year. i even tried to make a career change, but i have discovered i do not really want to do this, either it is not the job. it is me. it is depression . i am just about ready to give up.anyway. i am ranting. i did not know what else to do. have a nice night if for some reason you read this hahaha
since i wa a child i ve battled depression my first suicide attempt wa when i wa because according to my religion you re not liable for your sin until you reach maturity or puberty so i figured i m and miserable so if i end it all now i won t have to go to hell drank a bottle of tylenol and ended up in a hospital getting my stomach pumped and swallowing charcoal in college i met the love of my life we understood each other on a level nobody would understand we both had issue hers wa that she wa molested by her father we were both fucked up and our relationship turned very very toxic we d break up and get back together all the time and her family never liked me because i wa a year younger than her they wanted someone ready to take her in and provide her with everything the last time we broke up after year of being together she swallowed a bunch of pill and stopped breathing she turned blue ambulance wa called they resuscitated her but she stayed in a coma doctor tried to get the family to pull the plug because they said she s brain dead and even if she did wake up she wouldn t be the same i stayed by her side the whole time or a much a her family would let me she stayed plugged in and month later she woke up couldn t speak or feed herself or do anything she wa like a newborn baby she went through therapy but couldn t get all her function back she s still in a wheelchair her body shake uncontrollably so she can t feed herself seeing her like this broke me down in piece i couldn t see her like this and one day i left and never looked back i still feel a lot of blame for this i tried to have other relationship but they never work i m 0 now and live with my younger brother not talking to my other two brother or my father don t really have much to live for i have a problem with opioid prescription pill the only way i get any type of relief but it s an expensive habit since i only use prescription pill my mother who wa never really there for me or my brother growing up she wa always dating other men because she couldn t stand my father ha recently broke up with her latest husband and came to live with me and my younger brother she s a drama queen who s always miserable and make me and everyone else around miserable with her i have a decent career with decent money but no goal really i recently bought a few gram of heroin since i figured it would probably be the best way to go dying high a fuck in pure bliss i m just shit scared of being resuscitated and ending up in a wheelchair like my ex or being reincarnated into someone living in a third world country or even hell i made my mom promise not to resuscitate me if anything were to happen to me i m just not happy i have nothing to look forward to in my future i m thinking maybe i ll just take on the heroin habit without the intention to die and hope i accidentally od some day i mean it happens like every 0 second in my country i tried antidepressant and they work to help my mood sometimes but if you really have nothing to live for there s no cure for that i also just lost my job so perfect timing for that i don t even have the desire to look for another one i wish i could just sleep and not wake up
my anxiety ha been taking over my life recently and i am having trouble controlling it it seems like i am always assuming the worst possible outcome for everything i somehow convince myself that the the worst will happen and that i need to prepare for it i am not sure where this way of thinking came about a my parent and my brother are super laid back and relaxed even during my college year i would panic about exam i would study all weekend skip going out worry constantly for test i would run through scenario in my head about failing not getting employed dropping out etc i would calculate the minimum grade needed to pas the course and convince myself that even though i studied 0 hour getting a is still likely and possible if my brother doe not pickup the phone late at night i worry that he crashed somewhere is not safe every night before bed i have to check my car app to make sure it locked even though i know i locked it and if i dont check i assume it is unlocked and will be stolen i worry about my health even though i am healthy it s getting to a place now where when someone tell me something that go against my worry random example you do not have a cavity i assume that he probably missed it and that i do have one it like i always have a sense of fear for everything now i am working full time it effecting me with my work life even worse to make thing short i sell capital equipment because of the supply chain issue many of current order have been delayed i run through every scenario possible that my customer will sue me for loss of profit and not delivering on time even though it is out of my control i worry that i will fulfill the order late and my customer will not pay me net 0 are the normal term in my industry i worry that my equipment will not work properly i worry that i am doing something wrong with running my business i also randomly started worrying about my equipment hurting someone and being sued for it and liable for everything it seems like i always have something to worry about when the stress from one thing pass something else come up and it constantly cycle these are just some example i seem to always go to the extreme with everything even though no issue have come from everything mentioned above i still worry about i have absolutely no idea how to control it i get random thought before bed while i am half asleep about something and it immediately wake me up and i start to panic i get super irritable when i am in an anxious state and my parent think i am just being dramatic and tell me to settle down when i can t i feel helpless it almost feel like the littlest thing can absolutely destroy my mood i have no energy to workout constantly tired no motivation to eat until super late at night i cant meditate and shut off my brain it s impossible doe anyone have any insight on how i can improve myself i am struggling finding anyone in my life that can support me i never really assumed i had any sort of gad until this past year when i started doing more research around the topic i assumed everything that i wa experiencing wa just a normal part of life until it became too much to the point where it controlling my day to day life
using an old throwaway account. i am 33, located in the us, and i have had anxiety issues for quite a long time. i should have started therapy when i was 18. recently i have been trending much more towards depression, and i need to address it now. my questions are how do i find a therapist?what is the average cost? i created an account for my insurances website to see my plan and it does not look like they cover it at all.there are different types of therapy? how can i tell what type of therapist to use?i am sure i will think of more but i am having a hard time concentrating. like i said, anxiety issues up the wazoo. had them for most of my life but i think it got much worse after a bad salvia trip around 10 years ago, but that is not important. i have an extremely hard time discussing and articulating my emotions. the last few weeks i began having intrusive thoughts about suicide hello hotline bot, i am safe now but i like that you are here anyway . i have most definitely also lost interest in the things in my life that brought me joy, and the past week my appetite has gotten markedly lower. so yeah, depression. a little over a week ago i had a yearly physical but i guess my answers to their mental health questionnaire did not raise any alarms and i was scared to ask how to go about starting therapy.on to my little rant, at the start of april a coworker invited me out to get drinks and we hit it off amazingly. i am actually one of her supervisors so we had to keep it hush hush at work. texted constantly for the first few weeks, neither of us had felt that kind of connection to someone else before. conversation that flowed from one topic to the next, from getting out of work at 5 or 6 until going to bed around 1. we also saw each other outside of work at least every other day. that pace kept up for about a month, maybe got a little slower through may.by june we were seeing each other less and while texting nearly every day we are talking much less, and i feel my apprehension to discussing my feelings is the because. i care deeply about her and i do not want to lose her because i am unable to talk seriously about us. add to that having to see her at work every day and i am a mess of emotions, which have really boiled over the last couple days. it was my birthday on saturday and i spent most of it crying in my room, dreading having to respond to the birthday wishes i was receiving. this evening i asked her when i could see her next, and did not get a reply. four hours later i asked if we could talk and was again met with silence. i am not the type to incessantly send messages hoping to annoy or guilt someone into responding so i left it at that, but in the words of tom petty, the waiting is the hardest part. i do not know what exactly i am looking to accomplish with this post. i have a good amount of friends but i do not have a best friend that i can confide in and talk to about things like this. i am just a mess of a human right now, and i think my brain is trying to go in so many directions that i cannot even have a good cry, even though i think that is what i want in this moment. questions about starting therapy and a little rant
tomorrow's my last shift at a job that had become nothing but a source of anger, frustration, and toxic energy that turned me into a person i do not want to be anymore. i recently went on a family trip and i was actively angry that i had to go back to working there when i got back. a week later i put in my notice. no regrets on getting out of a situation that made me feel like i was going through the motions, like i was just a character in a video game playing out my script until clocking out, like my input or ideas or suggestions were not listened to or i agree with you but other person said no .no regrets, that is, other than leaving when i had nothing else lined up after. now it feels like the only jobs i will ever be able to get are things that i will end up hating just as much. and the career path i would like to pursue is impractical, untenable, unrealistic, and i should just stop fooling myself into thinking it is possible, so i might as well just accept that i am never going to be happy in what i do for a living.i had been telling myself that i needed to get the 900 pound gorilla off my back before i could move on in a healthy way. nope, you just could not put up with a standard retail job. get over yourself, your dreams are pointless, just give up now, and put the customer service voice back on.i would been telling myself do not leave a job unless you have another job . yeah, and you did not ever look for other jobs while you were working because you were too stressed out and exhausted or more realistically lazy and like to complain from your current job that thinking about work became the last thing you wanted to do so you would just wallow in it. and now that you are at the exit ramp, you still have nothing to show for it. why? because you are fucking lazy and you need to accept the fact that this is all you are ever going to be. just give up and get back to work.i would been telling myself work yourself out of a job so they will either have to promote you or you go somewhere else and do the next step on that ladder . even if they did promote you, that just would have kept you stuck there even longer, or if you went somewhere else you would be still doing the same thing you hate. which is the only thing you are ever going to get paid to do, anyway, so suck it up and put the tags back on.the only thing i have ever truly wanted to do with my life, and i mean across all of my years of existence, is to put on a show, make people laugh, and help them forget about their problems for a while. but i am not a good enough actor writer comedian performer anything to get paid to do that for anyone else, i know i would never succeed trying to start something on my own, and the wild card option i keep toying with is unrealistic for many reasons , most notably because i am already probably too old to start and i would be even older by the time i was good enough.so i might as well just accept that all i am ever meant to do is suck it up, accept my fate, and go through the motions of living doing something that will never let me be happy. tomorrow's my last day at my job, i do not have anything else lined up, and i see no hope.
not looking for pity. just want to get this out there. also ill probably end up deleting this eventually. backstory queue the clich ultra successful father and i am just a dipshit fuckup story. i am his first born son. i have never lived up to his expectations, flunked out of college, and now i work in a call center and live with a roommate because i cannot afford to live on my own. you know, that old chestnut. my grandpa, who was a huge father figure in my life after my parents divorced, committed suicide a couple years ago. i developed a raging alcohol addiction which hung around even after i had mentally gotten over the initial shock. in spite of this, everything was actually going well. i lost 60 pounds on keto, was lifting and running 5 miles a day, but then covid hit and the gyms shut down. then i fucked up by not getting back into exercising once they reopened. i started drinking myself into a stupor and still do every day and night. at work, they forced us to start taking regular old loyalty calls since were some of the most tenured agents. yup, i have been getting yelled at professionally for the last 5 fucking years. i went from customer service, to tech, advanced tech, advanced internet tech, providing internal support to other agents, commercial support and sales for businesses, but now, this fucking loyalty shit is insane. i was getting through it, working with my boss to handle these calls better, but sweet jesus, the loyalty department is just not my fucking jam and have always known that i never wanted to go there. i get that they must have looked at all their options and said well shit we have nobody else to take these calls so were going to have to make them do it, but at the same time, my job is so vastly different from what it was before and is now mostly handing a call type that i have avoided like the plague that it just fucking feels unfair. i get off work and just start slamming shots, chugging beer, and sitting outside smoking for an hour after work. every. fucking. day. on days off, after i have had my caffeine and have woken up, i start drinking by 9 10 am. shit, i am outside drinking and chain smoking as i write this. i was not even doing any of that before this loyalty bullshit. this job is literally slowly killing me. problem is, i am making like 23 an hour and do not know where the fuck else i can go to make even close to that. i have 0 skills...i did not intend for this to be so long. so now to the present. my dog died 2 weeks ago and that just fucked up my whole world. i work from home and had him there to comfort me all day and now i just feel so alone. i was starting to feel somewhat normal and then a week and a half later my grandma passed away. and i just have to put a fucking smile on while people tell me to eat shit and die all day now. fuck!plus there is just the overarching feeling of doom and gloom with this covid bullshit. like since its endemic, i guess were going to have constant lockdowns and vaccines shoved down our throats. fucking awesome. i guess my best years are behind me. hit with a bunch of shit all at once and just need to word vomit and get this off my chest.
so i m have had depression since i wa snd i suffered from anxiety since 0 my anxiety wa not that bad overall i might have a bad day here or there but i never really had it for week or month like i have it now i know i get it really bad the longer i m in my head the next part is the backstory and i would like your guy opinion on what to do so there this girl in college that i absolutely adore we have the same major and we graduate in may i ve known her for about year and i told her how i felt and asked her out in december i didn t know she just gotten out of a relationship so she said she wasn t ready for one and she needed some time to get in the right mindset she told our mutual friend about and told her that s the only reason she didn t say yes the next part i completely screwed up i never told her that i wa waiting for her i wanted to but would chicken out i wa planning on texting her every couple of day but personal stuff came up and i thought some of it would be to heavy of a subject matter to talk with her about like my grandmother being on death s door so i didn t really sayuch during our winter break also this is when i really started to get in my head i would just imagine all these different scenario and date with her and it just made me anxious and i didn t know how to stop them then by the time i worked up the courage to figure through my anxiety to tell her some different stuff like i m willing to wait for her that i appreciated a certain day and how she made special to me and how i feel like a very closed person and i wanted to open up with her she got in a relationship and i don t blame her i blame myself because looking at it from her point of view it seems like i wa not interested in her anymore also just want to insert that she know i care for her when she had covid i checked up on her everyday since then i been having what i think are panic attack i will have the shortness of breath and my hand will start shaking uncontrollably and recently i will also have some chest pain with it before she got the relationship i started going to counseling to try to improve my mental health to let you know how i feel about this person she make me feel like no else ha ever done before my feeling gor her are so intense and i ve tried to move on but the feeling get stronger she belief in me more than i so myself plus my heart think she might be the one which i know is crazy she s the most important person in the world to me and i don t want to lose her after graduating here lately i feel like i been acting strange around and it s because of this anxiety so my question is do i tell her what i m going through i feel like this will help with my anxiety and give her some insight to why i ve been acting the way i been how much do i tell her i feel if i don t tell her my anxiety will keep on getting worse and i probably won t be able to actually have a conversation with her the rest of the school year and we might drift apart after graduation i would still like to be friend with her after graduation thank you for reading this also i don t know if this is the right community for this but i would really value your opinion
i am a 28 year old woman and i am fucking sick and tired of not being treated like a person... i have had enough... sometimes i want to fucking throw my phone at a wall when i read some of the shit i see sent to me. i was talking to this guy, he seemed nice.. it was so nice to be able to talk about normal things.. no flirting at all.. was really amazing actually not being flirted with.. i felt like a person. we talked about the weather, our countries, our pets, real mundane shit and it was nice, we even got to share a bit about our own traumas. he saw a picture of me and then our conversation had to change... he told me.. no.. warned me how now that he is seen what i look like that it is going to be hard for him not to ask for nudes or get thirsty as he said it.. i told him to just talk to me how he always did those few days, just normal stuff it is obviously not hard and that i am a person too. then he actually said and i quote yeah but that is before i knew you were attractive .... he had the fucking audacity to be offended by me saying our conversations are being ruined now because he could not control himself. so basically i cannot get the basic human respect of a normal conversation if someone sees how i fucking look? that makes me feel like i am nothing... i feel so fucking stupid for thinking this person was nice.. i have sat here genuinely upset by it for two days now.. when i explained that i should be the upset one and to leave the conversation there then he never once apologised. i am sick of feeling like an object... i am sick of being nervous when a guy talks to me.. i am sick of being scared incase they see my face.. i am sick of being scared full stop!! i deserve fucking respect!! i deserve to be treated how i treat you!!! i deserve to be heard when i fucking say no!! i have feelings and i am fucking sick and tired of all these thirsty fucking assholes who cannot accept it when they are wrong or acting creepy. i do not give a fuck if you are offended when i tell you that you are being too flirty...i am offended you would not listen to my no in the first place. do i honestly have to hide my face just to get a normal conversation? i hate this shit!! sometimes i feel like i want to hide away... i do not want to talk to anyone... its already hard for me to make friends, i have to put up with this crap on top of it? i am tired... i am tired of not being treated like a human being. i have dealt with alot of years of past sexual abuse, physical abuse and i am a rape survivor of fucking several times.. so this shit just makes me feel even more worthless, my thoughts go back to how i used to think when i was abused... i am only here for his pleasure, it does not matter how i feel, what i want, i am just here for sex, that is all i am good for .... it puts me in a really bad place. i do not know how to deal with this stuff anymore.. i know everyone has to deal with it, and it is just how the online world is but i feel like i have to ignore everyone just incase and i do not want to have to do that! it is not fair.. why is this shit so scary..... i do not know who to trust. do i not deserve some respect too?
hello i am from india!i have issue with my family specially mother!my mother sometimes tortures my father! this may sound unusual or some short shitpost but i am serious!my father does not says anything because us me amp my brother if they get divorce we will not have anyone who feed us!my father belongs to lower class family and my mother is from middle class family!just because of my mother we went in to trouble of debt!the actual story is like this my mother thinks my father is on women matter at this moment i am not able to explain properly hope you understand so my mother thinks my father is always looking for another women which 100 wrong.i know my father so wellthis has been happening for years!just because of this we changed more than 6 to 8 houses even we left our 30 lakh personal house and now living in a ranted house.wherever we shift house she always comes with the same excuse that my father looks at neighbours women and then tortures my father with this excuse.she beats him as well and he cannot do anything because of us!after few days everything becomes normal , they starts living happy life but again after few weeks she again starts shouting.i failed in 12th and now thinking to start online blogging and i have started it but due to this family matter i cannot focus!i do not want to study anymore because i know it will be worthless.i just somehow want to go out of this matter and start my own life but due that i cannot focus and gets anxietyif i say something then it will even go more worse and i have failed 12th so even our relatives will not helpi just heard she said i have powerful relatives so i can easily fake accuse you and get away with it! i am recording this staying up stairs idk it recorded clearly or not.please suggest me what should i do!i cannot even tell anyone if i do then they will not trust me and if i open my mouth then they will surely get divorce and things will go worse!that is why i thought to do something online and as soon as i start earning i will start my own life but to this i cannot even focus on thati have a friend who is with me but he does not know anything about this matter.if i tell him then he would kind of help but he is from lower class family lives in a small bathroom like houseso even he will not be able to do much!i have been struggling for 2 years i had started 2 website both of them failed but now i have analysed the market and came with an idea to start a new website but this matter still comes in a wayat the end my father handles everything but i do not think it would last longer, they cry infront of her but she says why tf are you crying now, you did all of this and now crying he begs that this will not happen again but again after few weeks she again starts torturing....i cannot see my father go through that nor i can do that much at this moment.....please please suggest me what to do....at the end if something happens to my father then i do not want to live in regretending life seems better than struggling with this and at the end even if it gets shorted out i do not live in regretplease suggest me what to do....... need suggestions please help...
hello i am from india!i have issue with my family specially mother!my mother sometimes tortures my father! this may sound unusual or some short shitpost but i am serious!my father does not says anything because us me amp my brother if they get divorce we will not have anyone who feed us!my father belongs to lower class family and my mother is from middle class family!just because of my mother we went in to trouble of debt!the actual story is like this my mother thinks my father is on women matter at this moment i am not able to explain properly hope you understand so my mother thinks my father is always looking for another women which 100 wrong.i know my father so wellthis has been happening for years!just because of this we changed more than 6 to 8 houses even we left our 30 lakh personal house and now living in a ranted house.wherever we shift house she always comes with the same excuse that my father looks at neighbours women and then tortures my father with this excuse.she beats him as well and he cannot do anything because of us!after few days everything becomes normal, they starts living happy life but again after few weeks she again starts shouting.i failed in 12th and now thinking to start online blogging and i have started it but due to this family matter i cannot focus!i do not want to study anymore because i know it will be worthless.i just somehow want to go out of this matter and start my own life but due that i cannot focus and gets anxietyif i say something then it will even go more worse and i have failed 12th so even our relatives will not helpi just heard she said i have powerful relatives so i can easily fake accuse you and get away with it! i am recording this staying up stairs idk it recorded clearly or not.please suggest me what should i do!i cannot even tell anyone if i do then they will not trust me and if i open my mouth then they will surely get divorce and things will go worse!that is why i thought to do something online and as soon as i start earning i will start my own life but to this i cannot even focus on thati have a friend who is with me but he does not know anything about this matter.if i tell him then he would kind of help but he is from lower class family lives in a small bathroom like houseso even he will not be able to do much!i have been struggling for 2 years i had started 2 website both of them failed but now i have analysed the market and came with an idea to start a new website but this matter still comes in a wayat the end my father handles everything but i do not think it would last longer, they cry infront of her but she says why tf are you crying now, you did all of this and now crying he begs that this will not happen again but again after few weeks she again starts torturing....i cannot see my father go through that nor i can do that much at this moment.....please please suggest me what to do....at the end if something happens to my father then i do not want to live in regretending life seems better than struggling with this and at the end even if it gets shorted out i do not live in regretplease suggest me what to do....... need suggestions please help...
hi. i am 26 men. iv been struggling with depression since i remember. some years were better, some worse. in last 3 years it definitely got worse. i finally admitted that i have depression in front of myself and my friends family. everyone was not believing because i am funny and always willing to help anyone, the reason why i always act like i am happy is because i wish nobody suffer as i do. few days ago i broke with my boyfriend because i felt like it dragging me down, he was not changing since we met 6years ago . notorious quarrels, his alcoholism and other shyt. he is good but but i felt like i am in cage that i could not escape. in few days i moving on my own but i do not think anything will change. my monthly income is very small, althou its above minimum in my country, all i can pay is my apartment and only 1 3 of it will left for food and basic needs. month ago i opened in my work by accident. met fantastic person who have veeery similar hobbies. he listens heavy metal, plays on guitar, was vocalist in a band. i got inpiration and also bought guitar, start screaming under shower fry scream this kind of metal scream many might consider only yells . it bring some relief for a second. after a month, when i already thought i learnt enough, i start loosing attention to it. its not like i going to drop it, i just cannot force myself althou i love doing it. i always struggled to find a hobby because i lose interest very easily, not because i am bad at something, just getting bored quickly. i wanted be vocalist, biologist, programmist, write books, therapist yup, mental disorders etc but how can i help others if need help . i liked gaming. it saved me at my early 20s. i could think of anything else thas not depressive because games took my thoughts out of it. not for long. in last years i spoted playing because my friends found new jobs, gfs, moved to other countries. now i am quite alone. i rarely speak with others outside my job. yeaterday when i was searching for new heavy metal songs, popular monster falling in reverse pop up. it hit me so hard that iv been crying over and over and over and could not stop. i cannot help it. do i have suicidal thoughts? kind of yes. i rather think of something like would be nice if i die by accident, i would not mind it, but i hope i will not feel pain because i my whole life is big pain in the azz. man, life is so pointless. i have no idea how people can not be depressed. i just wonders how they do it. what force them to live another day, another 8h in work. i wish i could think of any cure but there is non that can work 24 7. love, hobbies, partys on the weekend will not make it for long. eventually everything gets blurry, repetitive and boring. quote from popular monster i wake up every morning with my head up in a dazei'm not sure if i should say this, fuck, i will say it anywayeverybody tries to tell me that i am going through a phasei do not know if it is a phase, i just want to feel okay, yeahi hope you all doing well, at least better than me. think of possitives if possible, that will aid abit. i know many people would feel the same but i want to tell my story
my anxiety is so through the roof it cause the whole host of problem depression agoraphobia extreme cynicism trust issue assuming everyone hate me that i come off a mentally incompetent everyone look down on me which cause extreme bitterness and resentment towards everyone i interact with feeling inferior to everyone constant feeling of guilt over everything ultra self conscious always worried that something is going to go wrong if i m not always on high alert and never being able to relax everything feeling really fake because i have to pick and choose what i say very carefully otherwise someone might beat the shit out of me too nervous to look anyone in the eye too nervous to talk to anyone always looking nervous and keeping my head down and staring at the ground zero self esteem because i noticed every little thing i do wrong and mentally flagellate myself for it feeling so hopelessly inferior i can t talk to anyone because i don t notice anyone else s mistake ever major anger issue being so nervous i start cry not knowing how to start conversation because i overthink everything i say or just assume everyone want me to fuck off forgetting thing because i m so nervous i try to do everything super fast so nobody get mad at me and i m always in a rush always really nervous and looking over my shoulder to make sure no one s behind me stomach issue because i m so anxious that i vomit getting this point where i m so anxious that i get overwhelmed or something and i dissociate and can t understand what s going on around me everyone think that i have severe autism or that i m retarded i don t know maybe i am but i ve noticed that these symptom go away if i actually feel fucking safe usually i have to be in a place where there are no fucking human it s got nothing to do with autism i just associate human with danger after having the shit beaten out of me so even being in the same room with someone else put me on high alert no one is screaming at or threatening me and no one is fucking watching me unfortunately i get lonely but people pick up on how nervous i am and they say that it make me unlikeable they say that i come off a creepy shy and weird and i can t even bring myself to talk to people because i hate people fucking looking at me after the incident unfortunately i never feel safe anymore i am stuck clinging to my abuser and being unable to leave them because i know if i m out on my own i ll be destroyed by everyone who see me it s like i m walking around with a giant red target on my back that say kick me probably because i m short and they know they can easily kill me if they want to in my personality is so unlikable they know that people probably thank them for killing me i don t know what to do im really lonely but everything about me is wrong and shitty and i m a garbage human who doesn t deserve to exist all i ve heard from god damn human since the incident is how unlikable my personality is i m sorry i got beaten within an inch of my life for 9 month straight and i m fucked traumatized by it don t you dare call me a wimp if it happened i bet you d be fucked up too and you wouldn t be mr tough guy
i wish i had friends. that is basically it. my high school life is incredibly boring, i have not had a healthy and proper friendship for a while now. i used to have a friend group but they kind of just left me behind i think, they still hangout together, nowadays when they see me in the hall we just say hi. the only time people actually talk to me is in class when they are asking about work, and even that rarely happens. in the normal school day, i only talk to one or two people, and those conversations do not even go past a minute. when i go home, i see people meet up with each other and plan out after school or weekends, and i kind of just wish i had that. i have been feeling like this since i started high school, but nothing has really changed. i feel like i am missing out on so much of my life because i have not been making good memories. even outside of school i have trouble. i am going to this camping trip that my family and a bunch of other friends and family go to every year and i have been too scared or embarrassed to talk with the people my age. i kind of tried once, but it was difficult because i had nothing to really talk about, but everyone else there had no trouble getting along because they i think they hang out very frequently. everything i do nowadays is less interesting and i feel like i am being a disappointment to my parents because all i really do is school work. i do not go outside anymore to hangout with people, and i have lost motivation to go back to my sports and activities because to be honest, i cannot be bothered to deal with the bullshit and the awful and awkward feeling of trying to start conversations. everything to me is boring now, even the video games i used to enjoy. i feel less motivated to do my school work when school was in session but i still do good in class because i have this feeling where if i get less than an a i am a disappointment because i basically do not do anything else beside school. every year my summer break is boring, except for the vacations. i spend everyday just essentially doing nothing. i am on the computer half of the time and i get bored. i watch tv and i am bored. i go outside and go on walks and to the mall and i am bored, and that usually makes me feel worse because i see everyone else hanging out. i do not think anyone has gotten the sense that i feel this way because i usually just act happy in school and around my parents. i still tell them that i hang out with people in school but not outside but tbh that is not really true. i wish id stay and actually learn a sport or something like basketball once most people who play sports are pretty sociable and have friends. i dunno. i have not told anyone this because they might think i am complaining. i have a very good life and i am thankful that my parents are there to provide for me, but something just feels lacking, not on their part but on mine. i pretty much have nothing to do nowadays and i wish i did. sorry if this seems cluttered, i am just venting this out finally. i do not know how to explain it, but i feel empty and useless most of the time. why cannot i make friends
i wish i had friends. that is basically it. my high school life is incredibly boring, i have not had a healthy and proper friendship for a while now. i used to have a friend group but they kind of just left me behind i think, they still hangout together, nowadays when they see me in the hall we just say hi. the only time people actually talk to me is in class when they are asking about work, and even that rarely happens. in the normal school day, i only talk to one or two people, and those conversations do not even go past a minute. when i go home, i see people meet up with each other and plan out after school or weekends, and i kind of just wish i had that. i have been feeling like this since i started high school, but nothing has really changed. i feel like i am missing out on so much of my life because i have not been making good memories. even outside of school i have trouble. i am going to this camping trip that my family and a bunch of other friends and family go to every year and i have been too scared or embarrassed to talk with the people my age. i kind of tried once, but it was difficult because i had nothing to really talk about, but everyone else there had no trouble getting along because they i think they hang out very frequently. everything i do nowadays is less interesting and i feel like i am being a disappointment to my parents because all i really do is school work. i do not go outside anymore to hangout with people, and i have lost motivation to go back to my sports and activities because to be honest, i cannot be bothered to deal with the bullshit and the awful and awkward feeling of trying to start conversations. everything to me is boring now, even the video games i used to enjoy. i feel less motivated to do my school work when school was in session but i still do good in class because i have this feeling where if i get less than an a i am a disappointment because i basically do not do anything else beside school. every year my summer break is boring, except for the vacations. i spend everyday just essentially doing nothing. i am on the computer half of the time and i get bored. i watch tv and i am bored. i go outside and go on walks and to the mall and i am bored, and that usually makes me feel worse because i see everyone else hanging out. i do not think anyone has gotten the sense that i feel this way because i usually just act happy in school and around my parents. i still tell them that i hang out with people in school but not outside but tbh that is not really true. i wish id stay and actually learn a sport or something like basketball once most people who play sports are pretty sociable and have friends. i dunno. i have not told anyone this because they might think i am complaining. i have a very good life and i am thankful that my parents are there to provide for me, but something just feels lacking, not on their part but on mine. i pretty much have nothing to do nowadays and i wish i did. sorry if this seems cluttered, i am just venting this out finally. i do not know how to explain it, but i feel empty and useless most of the time. why cannot i make friends
i have always been depressed but only once it entered a stage where it was like a deep, dark sickness. i could not eat or sleep properly for weeks. constantly throwing up, crying and enduring mental trauma just kicking and tossing on the bed unable to cope with the pain. i grabbed my combat knife and started slicing my arm, starting at the wrists. i cut as hard and as fast as i can, even a few times making a sawing motion with the knife on my wrist. the knife simply was not sharp enough to cut deep enough into my veins. i was dripping blood all on my clothing and bedroom floor. i got so frustrated and angry i could not kill myself then and there, i just blindly started cutting my arm all over in a fury just begging god to let me die, chanting die in tears. i ended up willingly getting admitted into a psych ward after the police was called by my mother.there is such a large amount of things that make me depressed but what took it to this extreme level was this girl. years before i ever even saw her, i had this ideal in my head of the absolute most perfect girl that never existed and she matched it perfectly. down from how she wears her hair, her accent, voice tone, nationality, dressing style, ethnicity, personality, mannerisms, sense of humor, body type, skin complexion, intelligence, height, talents, hobbies, etc i never met nor witnessed a girl that came anywhere close to her in real life nor the internet. i always thought this type of girl my heart desired did not exist, only in fiction. i was so struck, i instantly became in love and admittedly obsessed. she is like an angel, such mesmeric beauty i become entranced. slowly, without her my world became dull. i lost interest in my hobbies, stopped desiring my dreams and wishes, grew distant with my friends and family even more so than before. it became nearly impossible to get out of bed and i neglected myself, destroying my self image even more. i lost all my confidence in pursuit of her love. needing her affection and presence more than my mind instinctively desiring food and water, fate has tested this many times.the only thing i care about is her, she is all my heart desires. i rather be poor, starving, homeless and dying of thirst as long as i have her in my life. i lost so much weight in my pursuit of happiness along with other body and mind transformations. no matter what, it seems i am not attractive enough for anyone. not good enough, not man enough. this fate is worse than any death. years went by where i got better the depression and anxiety was still cripplingly bad but now its coming back, again.i convinced myself i will transform to a man no women cannot resist, only then will i have a proper shot to her heart. multiple years passed, i am now 24, my birthday was july 5th and i am still just terrible. my body shape is still goofy and unmanly, i am poor and i still do not have the confidence to even be myself in front of people. i am slowly starting to feel that familiar sickness growing in my mind and body. if this gets as bad as before, i do not think i will survive this time. i am becoming desperate to die again
background info there is something wrong with me where when my stuff is moved around or organized differently it makes me freak out its such a horrible feeling. idk why, it makes me have this huge rage i cannot control and flail my body around and it always makes me want to sh a ton but i cannot bc my parents know i sh and check . my parents have organized my rooms lots of times without telling me and every time it becomes some huge fight. my room gets messy a lot because of my depression and my parents get upset about it and stuff. i am 18 and i cannot afford to move out even though my relationship with my parents would be 10x better if i could. i was on vacation for a week with a friend of mine and i was excited to get back. my moms appendix ruptured when i was gone, and every single day i would bike out far where i could get service just so i could check up on her. before i got back i called my dad and i asked if anything was organized differently bc i really did not want that and i woukd rather know in advance. he said no. but when i got home, a bunch of my stuff have been hung up on my walls. to a normal person this probably is not a big deal but for me for some reason it makes me feel like my skin is burning and the world is ending. i cannot control it and i do not know why. one was my art project i worked on for weeks. so i tore it all down, and i very carefully tried to take my project down and it ripped on the side. that makes me so upset it was my favorite thing i have ever made. so i walked into my parents room and was flipped out and i was like there things on my wall when you told me you would not, and my project ripped. they got very mad and just told me to leave. the next day i went to talk about it. it was the biggest fight we have ever had. and i tried to explain my side and i apologized for getting upset, but explained i am very frustrated bc idk how to fix my project and they know this makes me upset and it has become a pattern. they yelled at me and said things like do you know how much we do for you!and i said yes and i appreciate that but i am just trying to explain this. they also brought up how one time they had to reorganize my room because i was going to the mental hospital and that they did not have a choice, i said i understand that and i am not upset about that expect for the fact that when they cleaned it that time they threw away a letter from my best friend that i had to dig up from the trash . they go do you think we wanted to have to dig through your room looking for things you could use to cut yourself! and your room was disgusting and it was like a horders room! i was extremely depressed at the time, so yes my room was a mess but i was to depressed to care at the time its not like that anymore. like i am sorry i am a burden to the whole family. clearly i hate myself already. they did not have to be so mean. i do not know what is wrong with me but i wish they would have just talked about it instead of yell at me and say mean things. i am so fucking tired of living and so tired of not being able to sh. i just got in a huge fight with my parents
background info there is something wrong with me where when my stuff is moved around or organized differently it makes me freak out its such a horrible feeling. idk why, it makes me have this huge rage i cannot control and flail my body around and it always makes me want to sh a ton but i cannot bc my parents know i sh and check . my parents have organized my rooms lots of times without telling me and every time it becomes some huge fight. my room gets messy a lot because of my depression and my parents get upset about it and stuff. i am 18 and i cannot afford to move out even though my relationship with my parents would be 10x better if i could. i was on vacation for a week with a friend of mine and i was excited to get back. my moms appendix ruptured when i was gone, and every single day i would bike out far where i could get service just so i could check up on her. before i got back i called my dad and i asked if anything was organized differently bc i really did not want that and i woukd rather know in advance. he said no. but when i got home, a bunch of my stuff have been hung up on my walls. to a normal person this probably is not a big deal but for me for some reason it makes me feel like my skin is burning and the world is ending. i cannot control it and i do not know why. one was my art project i worked on for weeks. so i tore it all down, and i very carefully tried to take my project down and it ripped on the side. that makes me so upset it was my favorite thing i have ever made. so i walked into my parents room and was flipped out and i was like there things on my wall when you told me you would not, and my project ripped. they got very mad and just told me to leave. the next day i went to talk about it. it was the biggest fight we have ever had. and i tried to explain my side and i apologized for getting upset, but explained i am very frustrated bc idk how to fix my project and they know this makes me upset and it has become a pattern. they yelled at me and said things like do you know how much we do for you!and i said yes and i appreciate that but i am just trying to explain this. they also brought up how one time they had to reorganize my room because i was going to the mental hospital and that they did not have a choice, i said i understand that and i am not upset about that expect for the fact that when they cleaned it that time they threw away a letter from my best friend that i had to dig up from the trash . they go do you think we wanted to have to dig through your room looking for things you could use to cut yourself! and your room was disgusting and it was like a horders room! i was extremely depressed at the time, so yes my room was a mess but i was to depressed to care at the time its not like that anymore. like i am sorry i am a burden to the whole family. clearly i hate myself already. they did not have to be so mean. i do not know what is wrong with me but i wish they would have just talked about it instead of yell at me and say mean things. i am so fucking tired of living and so tired of not being able to sh. i just got in a huge fight with my parents
i work to save money for college but i intend on dying before i go to college. i work for basically inherent reason, but i am still pressed to go because everyone else insists that i am going to end up not killing myself. if i was born rich i would at least get to spend my final weeks alive in peace instead of having to waste hours of my life to win a piece of paper i cannot do anything with. every morning i dread having to work, and consider crashing my car into something just to avoid having to go. the only things keeping me alive currently are fear of death and the desire to do things i enjoy doing one more time before i die. my only hopes left are that i either somehow get killed suddenly by something, anything at all, which would circumvent the need to do it myself, or that i win the lottery and gain an excuse to quit my job and live out my final days the way i wish.it seems so stupid, right? that humanity has locked itself in this cage of misery and then purposely made the only key, suicide, as hard as possible to obtain for most people. its like the collective mass of humans would rather see every individual member of the species suffer than allow even a single one of us to escape. we all have to die at some point, but for some reason choosing that point for yourself instead of having your last shreds of life savagely beaten out of you by disease and age is seen as wrong and something that needs to be corrected.no one has the right to force me to keep living. it feels as though no one would be selfish enough to demand that i keep feeling this endless pain because it is convenient for them, but that is what those around me do. but if you hang yourself, someone will have to find your body! they say, as if someone witnessing my lifeless corpse and then telling the police to come cut me down could ever compare to the agony of existence. if you jump off a building, someone below could get hurt! they say, as if they have not just denied me many easier forms of ending my existence. if anyone causes a bystander of my death to be hurt, it will be whatever cruel architect, whether it be fate or god or man itself, constructed this tyranny in the first place. seeing someone free themselves from life should be a happy thing, as it is proof that we have the truest form of free will, the real right to choose not felt by any other form of life on earth. the right to deny every controlling force that attempts to shape our lives and to tell the world that i refuse the grand plan set out by whatever cosmic force brought me into existence in the first place. not only do i refuse this plan, i abhor it as a plan wrought with cruelty.there is no reason for this, and that is what frustrates me the most. there is no reason, whether based on emotion, spirituality, or science, that i should be pressed to continue with my life aside from the fact that it is convenient to those around me if i live, and an inconvenience if i were to die.just let it end. just let me end. this pointlessness needs to stop. there has not been a point, there is not a point, and there will not be a point. meaninglessness
when i was around 10 13 years old, i was very social and made people like me. however, since i left my country at 13 y o i became an outcast. since the first day of school, i was bullied and made fun of without the ability to defend myself because i did not speak the language of the country i went to. i was so excluded that i had to aimlessly walk in circles in the middle school's playing ground because nobody wanted to talk to me. i felt so awkward. i even followed the other kids in hopes of them including me but i was completely ignored. i was like a ghost to them. everybody seemed to have fun. it destroyed me to point of shattering my true self esteem. i endured two years at that middle school then we moved out to another city. at that point, i craved human interaction, was at my ugliest, and started self harming. out of nowhere, a girl in my class sees my fresh self harming scars and tells me that she did the same thing, trying to dissuade me from continuing that practice. we even started chatting on social media trying to ease each other's pain. that is until i told her that i wanted to end it all and that i loved her. she threatened to call the police, which changed my mind. but that destroyed the bond that we developed and, like a dick, i started trying to guilt her into loving me. things went south and long story short i became known as the depressed, self harming, crying in school kid teachers knew about the hit that i did . a status that i would not wish on my worst enemies. fast forward to my first year of high school. i am still a shadow of my former self trying but i thought that i was reformed. especially after befriending some friends. i acquired a gym membership and even willingly did a speech to my class, at the end of the year talking about how people change, how our class was perfect class accepting of everyone, and being a microcosm that could meticulously project our society. a microcosm where we can find the future artists, doctors, architects, engineers, and more. ending the speech with the confession of my love to a girl. everything seemed going right. i am improving, i said to myself. then year 2 comes. the whole year, my friends and i only talked in school. rarely texting and we do it is for me being used as a tool for something. i spent all the holidays alone on my pc trying to lie on myself saying things like i do not need friends anyway , i am happy . sometimes, i unveil my true feelings and start crying by the least trigger such as reading about how much people are having fun in their lives. i hate it when i see people happy. i hate god. i hate my life. i hate the wealthy who can do whatever the fuck they want and do not fkn tell me how money does not buy happiness because a depressed wealthy person is 100 better than a poor depressed person and i certainly would have driven a fkn spear to my heart if it was not for the fact that i am a coward and that my parents have already paid for my college preparation year. god be damned for having made me into this fucking ugly creature with nothing special, just to torment me. i hate this world
my whole life i ve dealt with the trifecta of depression anxiety and ocd i wa always functional with all disorder clocking in at maybe a 0 depression always felt like more of a chemical thing it wa never situationally based anxiety amp ocd were usually health related hypochondria i guess anyways i never knew episode existed i always just hovered at the same baseline then in 0 i had a severe panic attack after smoking some potent weed it really shook me and it sent me into what i guess would be my first episode it wa my first time experiencing dissociation and it terrified me i wa in a constant state of panic for month at the time i had been on lexapro for year my gp wa ill equipped to deal with this so she recommended a new doc for med big mistake new doc decided i should quit taking lexapro and switch to zoloft which perhaps would have worked if she had done it correctly instead of cross tapering or weaning off lexapro she decided to have me stop taking lexapro cold turkey wait a month until it wa out of my system and then start zoloft going cold turkey off lex wa a nightmare of biblical proportion and sent me further into the most intense depression and anxiety i d ever experienced after a hospital visit they suggested an outpatient program i agreed and there they got me back on the lexapro after a few more long month thing evened out i returned to a manageable baseline although the depression wa a tad higher because i could no longer self medicate with weed the experience ruined weed for me would immediately send me into panic mode but still thing were going well fast forward to january 0 and suddenly out of the blue i wake up one day super depressed no appetite couldn t sleep at night i wa so confused my first episode had a clear and obvious trigger panic attack ill advised cold turkey med change i d never had something like this happen with no trigger that s when i started to dig deeper and found out that episode exist this time i had a doc i trust added remeron which wa awesome at first felt better than i had in year wa sleeping and eating great for about 0 day then splat all that went away back to square one and i even developed tinnitus from the remeron so i nixed the remeron and we decided to switch from lexapro a well but the right way this time i did a seamless cross taper to effexor i m on my th week of it went from 0 my last day on the lexapro wa last friday which wa the day i did the increase to 0 thing have improved slightly def not where i wan na be tho i now know that episode can last anywhere from day to month or longer so i m trying to be patient it s tough tho eventually i may have to decide whether to increase effexor again or augment with something else an aa perhaps not sure what i meant to accomplish with this wall of text but if you read it kudos to you i guess i just wanted to document this strange journey maybe you ve been through something similar or know someone who ha maybe you can offer advice which i d welcome either way i hope whoever is reading this is doing well and i wish you all the best of luck in this thing called life
i have struggled with some anxiety for a few years now. i had symptoms of anxiety as a child that were not too obvious but now that i am older and reflect back i can see those symptoms should have been alarming. i had and still attachment issues. i would fear being left home alone when i was 9 parents could not afford babysitter and would often just spend that time crying. one of my elementary school teachers even told my parents i was not ok and should seek a therapist but they did not really listen. i had a hair pulling disorder i know what its called but cannot spell it and overall i was always an over thinker but at the time i did not know that was anxiety. i did get the hair pulling checked out when i was 10 11 but that doctor was completely useless, all they prescribed was a serum for my scalp to get the hair to grow back. like thinking back i am not a doctor or healthcare professional but if a kid is pulling their hair during moments of stress i would think mmmhn maybe let us send this kid to a therapist so they can learn how to cope not just here is a serum, good luck maybe if that doctor would have intervened right away my anxiety would have never gotten this bad. years later when i was 15 16 i would get dizzy spells. and it was concerning to my parents so they took me to the doctor. same clinic but different doctor. all they said drink more water and i started doing that but my dizziness never went away. at that point i had given up on doctors. this clinic in my area is for the lower income on medical and is known to be very careless. my parents however are not english speakers so how would they know, their mentality was well a doctor said she is fine so that is thatthen when i was 17 almost 18 i had my first panic attack. i do not remember much but i remember my mom being really scared cuz she did not know what was happening. and ever since then i have not been ok. i am 22 almost 23 now and its only getting worse. i have had bad insomnia this past month to where i flat out just quit my job because i was working early morning shifts. retail job i am still in school so i can go a bit not working i have never had issues sleeping either so this is new. so now that i am very sleep deprived i feel super depressed. i feel like i cannot take it anymore and i am never going to get better. recently i just met a friend a year ago that has been wonderful and my biggest support system. i do not know if i believe in signs but he came into my life at the right time because if it were not for him i do not know how much more of this i could handle. i know i have him to talk to but sometimes i feel like i am too much and i do not want to overwhelm him.because of the no sleeping causing my mental health to worsen, i do not know how much more i can handle. its to a point where i have been considering ending it but i do not know. i need help, i am hoping to see a therapist tomorrow at a walk in clinic but i know that is going to take a while to help me. and i want relief now. this was my way of ranting, idk i need help tho. i do not know how much more i can handle
by all reasonable metrics my life is absolutely fantastic. i work as a software developer which i love, or, well, loved , have worked at a very large, well known software company, and now work at essentially my dream job at a quickly growing and very successful startup. i am married, have 100k in cash savings, and more in investments. i am only 3 years out of college, but i have 10 years of actual development experience, and supposedly am one of the best performers in the places i have worked.however, i absolutely detest my life. i have no joy in anything. video games that would be enjoyable now are just the easiest way to distract myself from feeling terrible, but i do not actually feel like i have enjoyed the time spent. for the most part, i never did anything outside of work either i would browse reddit, try to play a game, or just sit around. i would occasionally go on bike rides or walks, but i have never been a very outdoorsy person i am allergic to everything and have exercise induced asthma . exercise never seemed to help me feel better or sleep anyway. life became a very dull cycle of wakeup, work, constantly wait for work to be over, sit around, constantly wait and dread work starting, etc...i am constantly extremely tired, and i wake up quite often in the night. my various doctors have taken me through 5 depression and 6 sleep medications in the past year or so, and none have brought much relief. i have had two sleep studies that not only turned up nothing, but left the doctors telling me that it looked like i slept fine. i have trouble even taking naps, so while i am constantly fighting to keep my eyes open, i will not actually fall asleep in most cases, which becomes very wearing and boring.i am or was typically a very passionate, motivated person. i was always reading stuff to learn, was very dedicated in school, was always thinking of side projects to work on, etc... i started a medical leave from work a month ago because i could not handle starting work each day. since then, i have felt no motivation to do anything, and an extreme dread at the idea of returning to work. i liked writing software, my team was great, but i was always sitting there waiting for my 8 hours to be up so i could go home and be sad when i do not accomplish anything . amp x200b it seems like such a poor career choice to just outright quit a job with no plan, but i honestly do not know what else i can do. i suppose i can force myself to go back to work and just keep going through the days, but i honestly think i cannot take that. if i ever get better, i should be able to find another job without much trouble, but this was my dream job, and i am considering giving it up just because i am weak. i am also considering burning savings, which although it should last for quite a while, seems foolhardy.is there anything you would suggest that may be a better course of action? help me justify or condemn these ideas, as i do not have anyone besides my wife who really understands my predicament. extremely burnt out at 25. considering quitting job and taking an extended break
i am not suicidal but the thought of it is nice. but if i had the opportunity to rent a studio apartment and vegetate in it, i would.i would go to work, order all groceries and essentials online, including clothing. i would turn off all the lights, lock the door and shit the windows. i would keep it clean and never talk to anyone unless it was absolutely necessary.i do not feel like a failure because i am a logical person who knows that there is no such thing as a failure or a successful person.at the end of the day, i was born with shit genetics, to a garbage family. i no longer care about myself enough to maintain my health if shit hit the fan.if i got cancer, i would let it kill me. it is simply not worth the effort.all of my hopes and dreams have been crushed. my health is deteriorating for a while now for no reason i am not going into detail about that so please take my word for it and i have never really gotten anything i wanted in terms of making progress towards the dreams and passion i used to have.life sucks. i wish it did not. i am only 19 and i cry every night thinking about what could have been and what will not be, from a purely statistical and reasonable hindsight perspective. i am not the type to lie. i almost never lie and i am just being realistic.i do not enjoy anything anymore, i do not make goals or plans anymore. i do not want to be around anyone. i do not want a family. i do not want friends. i do not want a loving romantic relationship. i do not want pets. i do not like people, which is ironic, because i hate myself and i am finally realizing i dislike other people more.no offense to other people, of course, but i just hate human interaction. i really do. maybe i am just sleep deprived and rambling but i cannot name a single time i have ever truly been happy without some sort of dopamine releasing drug. i mean, sure, when i was a kid and still enjoy video games i laughed and giggled, but that was not happiness.and ya know what, i do not even care about happiness. i cannot remember the last time i was truly content. to be content is to be able to sit on a bench, without any stimulation from an external source, and to be able to say woah. life is pretty cool, i guess. yeah. never felt that way and probably never will.some will call me lazy or a loser, but from my perspective, life is not worth the effort. this is going to sound harsh but i do not even believe in love. i never tell anyone i love them. not my parents, family members, past friends, etc. they always get so mad but i do not have it within me to fucking say that shit. it is so far beyond my functioning that i feel fake as fuck saying it.but then other times, i question if i really do not love my parents. and for the most part... well that is where i am going to end this.i am not happy. life gets worse and i am not counting on the grass being greener on the other side. i am not going to be one of those people that cheers myself up by putting other people down. so i save money and wait to afford apartment. then i block everyone and sleep and work. i do not care anymore.
i am just going to go ahead and embarrass myself off the bat and let you all know i cried at the end of the empathy and sympathy video from the rules. i just signed up for reddit not long ago and it makes me feel welcome and safe. that is when i started searching for this sub.i had no idea that there were two people most of the time that recognized your problems the empath and the sympath. i 100 believe i am an empathetic person. when i tell people that i understand what they feel, i can literally feel it. i make other peoples problems my problems. i decide okay this person is clearly over barren with their difficulties that if maybe i just take a little weight off of their shoulders, they could breathe. after all, i would want someone to do that for me.people can never really reciprocate the feelings correctly. i know that sounds odd. there are no wrong ways to feel, but something about the demeanor of those i help really tears me down. i am slowly giving, giving, giving until i am all out.i can tell that recently my depression is worsening. i cannot tell if it is a hormonal wave, but it is so extreme. i have not showered in like two and a half days. but its been longer before. i am trying to find my footing, but i can feel myself mentally drift. just a morning or two ago i was incredibly happy i stayed up all night just to clean the house for my mom. she is a handful another post for later. my mom now is so cruel and treats me no less than a cleaning lady. i had a relationship with her when i was smaller, but she tries to get me to hang out with her, i never stay long. everyone i have ever met loves my mom. the only people who really know what is going on is my boyfriend and my dad. we label her as narcissistic because i did not recognize she was so mean because i was so used to it. today, i was crying for many reasons. first it was because my anxiety was bad and i did not really have anyone to talk to. then, it was because i felt guilty that i accidentally kept my exs pictures in the my eyes only section of snapchat my boyfriend did not care as long as i deleted them . i think i might be bipolar. i feel like i am blowing things out of proportion when i say that, but i might need to be reevaluated. by a psychologist, not a therapist that will befriend my mom and become bffs with. i played myself and lied to her the entire time i was her client. i was already diagnosed with depression and anxiety and was taking lexapro, but stopped because i started taking a whole 20 mg pill that was supposed to be cut in half. my dumbass. but when i took it consistently 3 weeks in a row in rehab, i hated how it trapped me in my own brain. this post was very hard to make and i do not think i can retype it if it gets taken down bc its unfocused. i am so sorry. i do not care if you leave advice or not for me, as long as you read my post. all i wanted was to be heard because i could not express my true self. if you need more context, please just ask. i am sorry, again for my add rambling. i know there are some major things i am leaving out. i am such a fucking crybaby.
i am a bubble floating through a vast empty void. i do not know what to do. i wake up every day and do the exact same thing. i feel a heavy force pulling me deeper into my home. the anxiety i feel over thoughts of leaving my fortress gives me physical pain. i have no purpose to move in any direction except back and forth. i sometimes feel that i am losing grip on reality. i feel consumed by the screens in front of me. dependent on them for warmth. i write to myself every day, just like this. today i decided to allow the public to digest my psyche. perhaps to give me a better understanding of myself through unbiased eyes. i am gripped with fear. there is a xenomorph hammering my inner chest plate. please do not judge me harshly. i am always alone. i should clarify i have an elusive partner. my partner is an alcoholic drug user with a gambling addiction. they are also a hell of a go getter with a can do attitude. observance prevents me from assimilation. sex is a drug purchased with guilt. we have brief moments together where we exchange pleasantries before going about our days.they have a demanding job but are payed sufficiently well, all things considered. i do not have a job. i have had jobs. too many jobs. i counted once. 22, i believe. my plethora of different career paths has been both a blessing and a curse. i am well read with a variety of skills. i feel consistently overlooked. i am average height. i feel my partner has resigned themselves to the inevitable descent into drinking alone at the video poker machines. we are both 32. my partner is well liked in the community. i am a shadow. i make the rare appearance at a function or two. i typically do not eat. my choice to eat or not to eat will be my martyrdom. i have not pinpointed why my body has become the offering. although, i can provide a generous list of options. people seem to enjoy my company and compliment me on my looks and body. i am clean, well dressed, and have been told i have an intimidating presence. i hold a conservation well and have good comedic timing in the moment. my jokes are dry. much to my dismay, i am not a large person. i am frail. i feel myself diminishing. my soul is drifting towards the event horizon. my partner and i played jeopardy once. the fight lasted for a week. i question my memories. when i speak of fortnight's passed, my words are taunted, belittled, questioned, or worst of all... ignored. a victim chooses to be a victim. the poor choose to be poor. the path was paved for a different vehicle yet only i am to blame if i cannot pass. the fault is mine. my mind drifts through consciousness. nicotine and constant vigilance vibrate through my sleepless body. my fears are desperate for attention. i exist only for brief entertainment when all else fails. i am the sideshow to a sideshow at a zoo. my only solace is found by translating thoughts into little notes that i leave for myself. even now i question the weight of my words. my screams are yawns to the deaf. wailing is no use when i am trapped in a bubble, floating through a void.please advise. please advise.
i am honestly fucking struggling. i have some bearable days where my overthinking is not obsessive, but i just do not know what to do anymore. i am on 5mg of zyprexa, 80mg of prozac 20mg of propranolol daily and recently started 10mg of buspirone 2x a day. also 1mg of klonopin amp 20mg of adderall as needed. i have been hospitalized 3 times. inpatient psych first for psychosis, had been severely stressed out and not sleeping due to an overwhelming job position, so i was paranoid amongst other things. this first experience was less than traumatic than my last, well get to that part eventually because i clearly have a lot to unpack. i spent about two weeks inpatient at a nice college unit where i rested and recovered from my one time episode. i went home and was very depressed and suicidal considering they had just taken me off of the effexor i was on for a few months. i was paranoid and worried that my ex was out to get me and for some reason related a tv series to my own personal life, and brought up some trauma that i previously did not unpack but made the mistake of doing it in an unsafe judgemental space. i broke up with him because i could not stand my feelings and i still fucking miss him to this day i went back in on the 31st of october of 2018. i felt unsafe and had my dad take me to the hospital. there i was at the same college inpatient unit for another 3 weeks where i had made some friends and started feeling ok. after that i went to a partial hospital program which was 5x a week morning to noon for a good 6 weeks. during that time i tried zoloft which did not do shit apparently, then moved on to prozac and wellbutrin, was briefly on risperidone my first hospitalization which made me lactate causing me to freak out which i clearly did not need at the time. after my second hospitalization i tried abilify, went to the partial hospital program again, found a new therapist so on and so fourth. my third hospitalization started june 2020, i was tazed in my bathtub where i had went to hide when 4 police cars showed up because my father could not contain me. i had not slept in 3 days and was paranoid, handcuffed and held down by 3 police officers, and had my legs shackled. they sedated me when i got to the hospital and all i remember is trying to stretch my legs and being unable to because of the foot cuffs. i felt helpless and humiliated, i had no pants on and my entire building was outside when this was happening. some asshole neighbor of mine even took a video of the whole fucking fiasco but denies it to this day. i still have a lot of trauma to unpack and have struggled with finding a therapist. i have had a few and i just do not get shit through my thick head. i am fucking blabbering but i am desperate and leaving to my parents country tomorrow to get clean off weed because all i do is smoke to escape my feelings. i am suicidal as fuck and live for the life and love of my parents and sister. i am desperate for any insight thought or anything. i am losing my shit dude i sound insane but i do not ducking care 22f mdd amp gad hopeless.
first where we are at focused on what others can do to mefocused on others thoughts on mefocused on what they can take from mefocused on what i do not knowits fear the unknowns that also pose a threat to something important to us. fear maybe makes you isolate. its understandable. if you isolate, and stay to yourself, maybe you also struggle with the thoughts that you are not important to others or even wanted. it may be natural to go to, but its destructive, because its a symptom that feeds the sickness. there is a deeper meaning. isolation is protection from fear.social anxiety is a burden. it weighs down on you. plus, you are cut off from people, so it can be hard to find relief when there are not a lot of people close enough to you to see the struggle.we now understand what it is, and we know its not good, many people like us struggle out there. so now let us think of the opposite, not fear but love.i know this might be hard, because maybe if i love someone, when they leave it hurts more. connection is important to me, and i do not want to lose it when its that close to me. but i do not think we need that scarcity mentality. i think, to have the connection we want to consume, we should make it ourselves. be the manufacturer of love, whether deep family, to light friendly, if we make it, we ourselves will have plenty.so now our mindset is on others, but why? well, we know how it feels, and others suffer like we do. we can become the person we never had. we are capable of drawing out the deep things from others. we understand them. are you aware that most people struggle from social anxiety to some degree? everyone is afraid, even the loud and obnoxious people we tend to avoid. listen, people need you. you come with a unique life. unique set of gifts, talents, perspectives, and experiences. you can go after connection, and it can be deep, or it can be chill or it can be fun. you want to make a connection that leaves you both feeling like someone saw you today.with humility, others are more important compared to yourself. you put it there, not them. allow you to change your mindset to focus on yourself and how you may look to them. be there for them the way you wanted for you. know what you wanted, what you looked for.the characteristics of love are patience and kindness, no envy, nor boastful, nor arrogance, nor rude, nor self seeking, nor irritable, nor grudges. walk into a social situation convinced that you are kind and patient as others may also feel out of place. your not there to build yourself up or make an image for yourself. be prepared to count others as more important, giving them the focus and not the focus on how they experience you.i already love you guys, we are alike. i give this out of love. my teacher definitely did, and he taught me well. he said you cannot add moments to your lifespan by worrying. he said do not worry about tomorrow, because tomorrow will worry about itself. each day has enough trouble of its own. my teacher provided this for me, and i wanted him to provide this for you guys also the cure for anxiety
this is going to be a long and not first post on this subreddit.i am a 22 year old man, and even though i do not like it either when these posts start with a list of things people do not like about themselves they suffer from eucharist syndrome i am going to , i believe these are in relation with my problems. i am gay, autistic, virgin, pursuing a useless degree we will return to this , no driving lisence, barely any money under on my name, and below minimum wage income. my future is looking bleak and tbh worse than that of everyone around me. though they can only help so much. i have yet to find the passion, drive or whatever that makes you go from point a to point b in my life.who can tell well it all went wrong? my tiger mom? maybe. my emotionally distant dad? who knows. sheltering and undersocialisation? maybe. i have been dealing with depression and suicidial ideations since age 10. my parents made me go to a foreign language school they wanted me to mingle with other elite kids which so to speak was the most traumatic experience of my life crying and begging my parents not to make me go there, can you guess wheter they listened? i was bullied daily for 10 years of my life.everyday of school was a struggle, to say i got used to this is an understatement. even in my head i cannot find my own place in life, regular panic attacks and feelings of dread come in every month or so, demoralising and demotivating.recently got an internship in a business consulant company where i constanly underpeform due to lack of knowledge in economics, drive and the problems listed above. i got the position on the promise that i will start a finance bsc next semester. if being late in life in other aspects already was not enough, i am graduating with a bsc at 26 which makes me feel terrible. the feelings of dread and inadequacy just cumulate and i am getting close to being overwhelmed. wierdly enough in times like this i want to talk and meet my mom. i want to get back into the womb where its warm and safe unlike outside here, sheltering, sheltering. i have wonderful friends and family members who love and support be but being so much behind in life compared to them and not being able to keep their advices in my head makes me feel terrible. since my experience with most things is utter failure it does not make for a good though pattern does it? afraid of life and in general of everything, but wierdly enough people see me as normal acting sic! i guess at least i was always good at masking.this is one of my dreadful periods, each is worse than the previous. feeling more lost than ever, positive thoughts occuring less and less. i really want this to end. thank you. tl dr years of abandonment, avoidance and deperssion resulted into a warped sense of reality which is self fulfilling. what an ellaborate way to say i am depressed.ps. there were ofc lot of things i did not mention which mounted up to this state of mine, but i consider those a result not a because. thus unimportant. cw suicide why i might commit suicide very soon, advice and consultation welcome!
i ve been with my fianc two year we are both trans men in our mid 0 he ha been severely traumatized and ha ptsd for the past year especially after starting a grueling job that take up most of his time he ha become more and more depressed and suicidal he ha a history of multiple attempt i try to encourage him to talk listen and validate distract with humor and cheer and offer way to help i m not perfect and a lot of time i think i just make it worse by doing or saying the wrong thing or just maybe how i am i ve offered to pay for a hospitalization i ve offered to help call for therapist i ve offered to support him with saving so he can quit his job and take some time to heal but he refuse he won t accept any financial help i argue that his health is more important long term than money for the future but he won t accept it he can t trust his family either he oscillates between desperately wanting mental healthcare and mistrusting it due to a totally reasonable reaction to past experience lately it s just been so bad he is so dysphoric and every time he s reminded of his appearance he begin to spiral i can see it tonight he told me it s been the same a long a he can remember that he can t enjoy anything that he think about doing it every minute i listened and tried to comfort him and after a while asked if i can set a day to leave voicemail for some therapist he said i ve been trying to do that for the past two month i said i would sit down with him to help tomorrow and he didn t answer me he looked completely dead inside he told me he wanted to be alone and went to sleep on the couch he is asleep right now i feel like the weight of this is so heavy on me he is such a kind loving smart and beautiful person inside and out the person i want to marry and spend my life with but i feel like that person is disappearing into a void a year ago he had so much life in his eye i have severe adhd and anxiety and also am autistic i struggle a lot with executive functioning and forget important thing constantly i think i might by nature be a bad support though i try my best i probably seem distant and apathetic often i will never give up on him but i m barely capable of managing myself and i know i can t handle this alone i know i should not have to but it is how it is it s really getting to me and i have been becoming extremely depressed myself for the first time in a while we are set to marry in under a year i think delaying the wedding might take stress off but it feel like any major change i suggest would freak him out i just don t know every time he go out alone i m worried i could lose him i make sure not to be overly invasive or anything if i called the hospital or his parent he say it would just make thing worse i m just hoping when this job end in a couple of month he will be able to breathe a little i love him so much and my heart is hurting i m so scared i think he need more friend therapy time to himself and a different job but a much a i ve tried to i can t make that happen for him i feel so lost i just don t know there is no answer
tw childhood abuse abandonment addiction emotional neglect i think that what it called and sibling abuse ive dealt with the favoritism of my sister since i wa she wa diagnosed with adhd and therefore needed more attention than i have ever received she stopped being my dad favorite after she started criticizing his addiction but that wa around year later i grew up taking care of myself my own need i had nobody it became worse when my dad addiction did he wa nicer to me than my mom who really used me a her own punching bag by screaming at me for anything and everything my dad fully forgot about me he wa my only friend in the family even though like my mom he did care about my sister more but having somebody le bad wa better than having nobody my sister starting abusing me when i wa 0 she wa her mental health wa really bad making my mom cater to her even more than shes already done now my little attention turned into none my sister could and still can do anything to me and would get away scot free she physically mentally and emotionally abused me and i wa only told to suck it up and to just move on this ha gone on for the next year of my life my dad moved out around year ago not without leaving me with another set of trauma now im dealing with cptsd although my sister ha gotten somewhat better she would constantly run away did drug physically hurt everyone in the family and more but shes insanely rude due to my mom letting her do whatever she want and also extremely aggressive i started doing a lot worse im always extremely irritable and angry and ive been dealing with lot of anxiety and severe depression i see a therapist im working hard to get through my trauma but my mother only belief that i should be fine that even after dealing with abuse and being fucking ignored my entire childhood that i should be a okay and act like a normal year old she continues to get angry at me for my outburst which i understand but will then tell me that she doesnt understand why and will then tell me how awful i am and how i dont do anything she doesnt understand that i have lost interest in many thing and refuse to let me take mental health break because for some reason in her fucking mind i dont need them all she doe is tell me how awful i am how i dont do enough how we dont have any money all of this bullshit im not allowed to stand up to my sister because when she attack me even after ive done nothing it all my fault she one time attacked me over fucking brownie brownie im guilt ridden and tired living feel pointless to me at this point i have nothing going for me and what feel like nobody i dont why ive stayed this long maybe it sheer fate or some stupid reason that i cant put my finger on i know that soon enough ill be suicidal again a surprise surprise going through this much trauma make people want to kill themselves im aware that ill have to spend the next what 00000 year trying to overcome my trauma but i just wish that my mother would be there for me because if she wa truly there i would want to live i just want her to finally love me
i am drowning in my expectations. my self imposed obligations. the perfectionistic standards i have for myself.maybe if my mother had not had an eating disorder, i would not be counting calories and worrying about cellulite and bingo wings. maybe then i would not hide behind long skirts and cardigans.maybe if i had not been bullied, i would not spend hours preening and fretting over my hair and makeup. maybe then i would not have forced myself through accutane, nearly destroying my liver in the process. maybe then i would not be drawn to the neutral, conventionally attractive clothing the world tells me i should wear. maybe then i would not constantly worry about whether my shoes are shiny enough, or of i ironed my blouse enough.maybe if i had been the better sibling, i would not work 60 hours a week, desperately trying to earn approval from my boss. maybe i would not feel like i need to be the most accommodating, yet entertaining person whenever i visit home.maybe if i was not born a woman, i would not feel the need to constantly perform. to be a perfect, daughter, a perfect girlfriend, hopefully to be a perfect wife and mother. as if that were not enough, to be pretty enough, to be thin enough, to be friendly and likeable and agreeable and well mannered enough to be seen as a woman of value. it hurts. i feel like a madame alexander doll, in a perfectly ironed dress, with perfectly coifed hair, and an empty smile, standing idly by my flower arrangement while i silently pray everyone likes the table settings and the food. i love my family, but i hate the voice in my head that nags and criticizes. i will not change. i crave the external validation too much. i love to be complimented on my carefully thought out veneer, knowing how much effort it required. it takes makeup and shapewear to be ingratiated into society, you know. in the meanwhile, i use drugs to numb it. strong, heavy tinctures that cloud my brain and depress my body. not so much that i relax my posture, but enough that my muscles can unclench. a trained eye could perhaps perceive, in photos, my glassy eyes, all but overshadowed by eye makeup and bleached teeth. always dressed up, always smiling, always blank behind the eyes. i want to be a good mother one day, but this makes me question myself. i am my father, before his 10 years of sobriety.i do not know how long i will live, or if i will die by my own hand. the perfect wife and mother would never off herself. even dying under mysterious circumstances could bring suspicion. not only that, but i have made a promise to care for my parents in their old age. sometimes i wonder if having children would give me something to live for. another strike against my qualification to be a good mother.i go through the motions, giving my all at work, in my private consulting, in my writing, hopeful that i will one day do something deserving of recognition and praise. i strive to be the best. one day, this drive may exhaust and overpower my body. truly, only time will tell. i am suffocating trying to fit my idea of perfect
sometimes something so profound happens in life that a drastic change is required. a complete and total system reboot and reprogramming. such is my story and in that same sense, it is akin to trying to extract blood from a turnip.many people try to convince me that i am no lesser, that i am just as human as they are. the unfortunate truth is that i am not, i am nothing like you, i could never be like you.i cannot whisk myself away into some fantasy reality where everything will be okay. i cannot lie to myself and say that i will change. i know what it would take for me to change, yet i know that change would only be temporary. i know i will end up exactly where i am, as i am, today.it brings to light just how magnificent you humans truly are. i still cannot even begin to grasp how you do the things you do, almost without even skipping a beat.it amazes me that people still even try to relate to a thing like me or try to be compassionate towards me. i am just a freak, a monster. i do not deserve any of it, yet people persist. it is awe inspiring, truly.to whatever extent, there may be a fraction of hope that remains within the hollowed out tusk of the human i was born as. unfortunately, words could never fill that void. not even compassionate, kind, encouraging words.the damage is done and i am far too aware of it to deny the overwhelming reality of it all. i am here because of me, i cannot blame it on anyone else.why would i take my pain and put it out into the world? all i have to do is simply be present and people feel it. they become more aware of the threat i am. i have always compared it to having a neon sign on my forehead and to that extent, i suppose i should be grateful.at least people saw me for what i really am and made the right decision in avoiding me. that is reality.i have tried to play some role in this world and no matter what, i just never fit. that is reality. i am so cold towards myself because it is all i have ever been shown on any consistent basis. sure, every once in a while someone tries to show some sense of connection and it often results in both of us getting hurt or leaving with hurt feelings and regret.that is just what it is to deal with me. i do not know why it is or what causes it, it is just there. i try my best to circumvent the issue by being more understanding and kind and compassionate, but even that is not enough to really outweigh the impact i have on others. it is still true that i am like a bad omen of sorts. i bring bad luck to those who come near me.that is just reality. that is my reality. i just do not want to push that on anyone anymore. i used to desire connection, love, belonging. but life has always had other plans for me.i am the outlier, an ever watchful eye that sees the beautiful treasures of humanity. but i will never find my way into that vault, i will never find my place amongst the most precious commodity. there is no space there for me, that is reality.but i can still admire just how beautiful you humans truly are, even as a monster. the monster who grew a heart
found out i can press criminal charges against my childhood abuser my mentally ill brother who attempted a school shooting i have a violet schizophrenic autistic brother who sa me and almost killed me multiple times during rage or psychotic episodes. during these episodes, he would get violet in public. in middle school he had attacked the school cop, grabbed his gun, and tried to shoot at students leaving a school assembly. lucky, the cop arrested him. after that, rumors started about me. i had left school for a year to deal with a serve kidney issue. rumors came that i was in a mental hospital and no one would speak to me. here is the thing both my parents are accomplished attorneys. they were able to have the charges dropped and he was home a year later. he would still hit me, strangle me, stab me. i had to sleep with a knife under my pillow because he would break in and watch me sleep while he spoke to voices in his head. a few years later he almost murderes my mom. he hit my mom with an iron bar over her head, one more hit and she would have been dead. again, they played their cards and he was home within a year. i would state to my parents about the abuse, how i was scared for my life. they said i was overacting. nothing was done to help me. i became so stressed and scared my awful father tried to put me in a group home because i said i didn't want to live there. yet, the person who caused my distressed and harm was living at home and not in the mental institution. i spoke to my therapist about this. she said since i'm only in my early 20s i can still press criminal charges against him. i am broken. i want to press charges but my parents will shun me. my parents help me financial since i am unable to work because of my kidney and seizure disorder. i know they would leave me homeless or try to get back at me and charge me with a stupid crime. my father was able to lie to the police operator about my mom to have her arrested and institutionalized. i am terrified of my father, and my mom cares more about my brother than i. she knows he raped me and hurt me, but still demands i come to his birthday or she won't pay my rent. also, he sa my mom multiple times while i was a teen. yet, my mom says she stays with him for his money. she would tell me thus as a teen, which is so sick to involve a child when you are staying with him. i want to charge him so badly. my parents lied to me when i was a teenager when i wanted to go to the police. they said that the police won't help me. finding our that my family lied to me, knew about the abuse, and now several years later learning he could have been charged is destroying me. i want to press charges. i have no money for an attorney. i'd lose everything, become homeless, my mom who is the only person i care about would never speak to me again. i am having horrible flashbacks. my therapist also stated that i should be proud that i havnt killed myself, since most others would have with what ive been through. this is after she knew i had slit my throat at 18. i can't stop crying.
so ive had a few small victory here and there which have made me noticed how we all make stuff 0x worse than how it actually is idk if it gon na be a long post but hopefully not so my main struggle is health anxiety it shocking how much it changed me ive always lived with it but it became a thing a bit before the pandemic obviously the pandemic made it 0x worse anyways i wa not working barely working out and barely had a social life isolation so i knew i had to do something i enrolled into a master degree in europe i live in mexico so it a big move anyways coming wasnt that hard actually the first few week it wa easy i walked around my new city went out etc my health anxiety wa still there but diminished so now i start class and ive always been a shy person i dont come across a shy somehow but i am and i wa having a hard time feeling like i had friend one thing about my anxiety is that im super functional i may be dying in my head but im still at school and whatever but the thing is i dont have social anxiety i love meeting new people but because i wa in my head dying or thinking that i wa having a stroke or something the nerve were translating to me talking to people i felt odd weird and that everybody noticed im sure there were time were they did but here come the good part a friend frome home came to the same course a me but she came in a few month late so about a month ago when she got here and went to a few class she asked me how are you friend with everybody i wa like huh i feel like im forcing myself on these people and only talk back if they talk to me i dont feel like i have friend ofc i didnt say that but i told her oh yeah whatever lol second victory wa today we have a class where a teacher talk all the time and barely let u talk she had u gather in team for a debate and when it came to me she stopped the class and said you meaning me im gon na pick who you go with cause youre a chit chatter and talk to everybody so they all want you in their team thinking i would have no problem debating since i dont have an issue talking in public at least in my class i wa shocked i still felt like a weirdo sure i did crack a few joke here and there but didnt really feel like people would noticed if i didnt show up but idk it made me realize how even when my mind is crumbling and im on edge people dont notice a much a i think if i told you all the stuff im thinking while im talking to people yall would laugh is this headache a stroke or maybe covid is this twitch a clot am i gon na faint now is this pain from overdosing on pain killer last week and my kidney is about to fail that is just an example of what my mind is thinking while im trying to have a conversation with people this is kind of a wake up call because it all in ur head ive been worried about stroke and disease obsesivelly for year and literally knock on wood everytime everything come back clear and the only think that worrying ha brought me is not enjoying where im at of course it easier said than done but omg im gon na try to remember this everytime
all this time i knew something was wrong but i never really knew what. i thought i hated my body, i thought that i was sad because the boy i liked did not like me, i thought i was sad because my parents never understood me. but those were all the things i would tell other people when they asked if i was okay, although i never really cared about any of that. the truth is i do not really feel anything. i try to pretend i care about things to seem normal to other people and i pretended for so long that i ended up believing my own lies. i was so out of touch with my feelings i had no idea i was actually depressed, i thought i was living life the way it is supposed to be lived but it never felt right. i have never taken my future seriously, in fact i have never taken anything in my life seriously. i got arrested for shoplifting, and while my friend cried i started laughing, because i really could not care. i do not care about my studies, i only have good grades because i am asked to. i do not even feel happy or proud when i get a good grade. i do not have any real life project or expectations for my future. i have been living all this time letting other people decide for me because i do not really want anything. nothing motivates me. when i was a child i liked to draw, to read, to write. none of those things motivate me anymore. i thought i was happy because i partied, i drank, o smoked weed and hung out with my friends. i thought i was happy because those things made me feel alive. when i am alone i just pretend i am living a different life, but i never thought that was fucked up because i thought it was normal. i want to know if people that are not depressed experience life differently. do they seriously care about things? everytime something bad happens to me, it is almost like it happens to someone else. i feel emotions as if i was deep inside of the ocean and there were muffled sound coming form the outer world. it is almost like i drown my own emotions. if someone insults me, if someone hurts me, if someone rejects me i never really cry about it or feel sad or anything at all. it is like i have become numb.nothing makes sense. nothing here makes sense. it is like i do not know how to be alive. i thought it was completely normal to go to sleep late, to eat too much or too little, to feel tired all the time, to never be able to concentrate. but now some stupid online test tell me that those are symptoms of depression. i thought everybody was just pretending like i did. this is such a different type of depression. i have experienced hate for myself, i have experienced anxiety and hate for my body. i thought that was depression, and the nothingness and the pretending were all just part of my personality, just the way i was born. i do not know how to be different, i do not know my feelings or myself. i do not really know or want or feel anything. it is the strangest feeling, and i know it is been there all the time but i never recognized until now. i think i have been depressed for years but i did not know
background info ever since i was young i was obsessed with this sport and would spend all day playing, thinking about, watching it, etc. no matter what had happened it was my main purpose and my main source of happiness, it was is more or less my identity, i have played and obsessed over improving since i was 8 years old now 19, so 11 years of blood, sweat and tears put in to get better and progress this is the main theme of this post .back in 2018 i was diagnosed with depression and had counselling it did not work , a big part of this was the feeling of unfulfilled potential in a certain sport this was from myself, i was really happy with how i was progressing at 14 15 yrs old and would spend hours of my day thinking and working to improve even marginally, i was obsessed, because of this i saw a huge jump in my ability and i went from good to very good for my age, i then got complacent, forgetting that i was not an especially gifted athlete in the traditional sense, so i made up for it through drilling technique and working hard, so while i made loads of progress, i forgot that it was because of my hunger and not natural athleticism, due to complacency i got lazy over the winter off season and started getting unfit due to eating crap foods, not training anywhere near enough as i had before , due to this, i came back worse despite getting bigger and stronger due to puberty, i regressed and suddenly felt a sense of worthlessness as i was not where i expected to be after a great previous season. i then fell into depression, stopped caring about anything and even started to care about the sport less and less, putting on loads of weight.i eventually got fit again and came back better than ever both mentally and physically , i had then progressed even more and noticed a huge jump from the season before and i kept this hunger to improve through the off season winter just gone , i worked even harder and kept myself in great shape, hoping to progress even more i had the obsession back . then i come back and get injured, and i am not sure i will ever be able to play again, and if i do, i will not be anywhere near as good. just as my life gained purpose again i get this and now i feel isolated and alone as i notice no signs of improvement. i feel terrible and now i know i am slipping back into depression, with no outlet and focus i have nothing to look forward to and strive towards in my life, and the worst part is that i had spent my whole life working hard and enjoying this, putting in hours of work to get better and play at a higher standard, and now that whole 11 years will be for nothing as i am not even going to be able to play past my teen years, my whole identity has been stripped away and i am not sure what the hell i can do...tl dr i have just wasted 11 years of my life and now i have no passion or identity.p.s. sorry for the long post, i needed to ramble and appreciate it is not the most coherent writing. my whole life is quickly unravelling again, this time i am worried i cannot come back
hey...28 year old male here..i just feel so tired and confused. 13 years with major depression and it is basically sapped my energy away to the point of never having 1 day where i do not feel tired. constantly laying in bed, trying to get out of it only to fall right back into it.. insomnia and excessive sleepiness haunt my life..at work, it is not any better...i do a laborious job and constantly feeling drained of energy while on the job makes me feel like i am not enough despite there being older people than me there who do not really feel tired...i have a constant feeling of disassociation, feeling like i do not belong in my own body...like my mind has been only added to it...i constantly see shadows or things that are not there and it is driving me insane sometimes..i constantly forget things when it is just been told to me and i hate it! i feel so..stupid for not remembering anything...i try so hard to remember what i just forgot, but it never comes back...i cannot even remember special things unless it is in writing...i feel like i am combatting myself.. like i have two different personalities mixed into one. my personality before depression when i was a teenager as a freshman in high school and after depression hit... there is the empathetic, helpful, patient side and then there is the depressive side where i am prone to being numb, very irritated, easy to anger, and just plain not caring about myself. it is...making me feel so...disconnected.i feel so bad when i get very irritated and mad at my mom for not understanding my depression and just needing help on the same things i tell her about...she is forgetful sometimes and she needs time to understand...it is not her fault...i feel like a bad son sometimes...then there is the heavy guilt and anxiety...i feel like i cannot control it even with the medication i am taking...i feel like such a mess that nobody should be bothering with..all of this just makes me feel so disconnected from people...i want to be alone...but i do not at the same time... it is like my mind does not know what it wants anymore...i cannot even play mmorpgs and other genres of games i enjoy without feeling like i want to drop them as fast i got into them. it is so stressful and annoying...even though i have a job, a loving relationship of 5 years, family members that i guess still care about me..i do not even care about myself. i still do not know what it means be truly happy...it never lasts..i always have to put up a facade to avoid having to explain myself or worry people..i only recently found out what this is.. smiling depression i always one day hope i will not have to act like i am completely fine and stable, but everyday that hope dwindles till only nothing is left.. i feel like i should not exist. sorry for ranting and getting how i feel off my chest...i should not be bothering anyone with this and should just suffer with it on my own... i hate myself, i do not know who i am anymore, i feel broken because i do not feel true happiness and i feel alone..
obvious throwaway. i have just lived life just i do not know just living so that my little sister does not lose her older sibling. i had a family once. two families united. it was not perfect but it was a family. my grandmother always hated me she would tell me that i was useless at the age of 8 and that i would grow up to be a fat and useless slob that would attain nothing in life. my father well he never really cared for me he would let his mother talk about me and say all of this to me. i am now known as the recluse of the family who is a failure. my father believes in many superstitious stuff. my parents were going to divorce when i was 13 it shattered my whole reality. i lost vision of what family even was. that was the day that i lost both sides of my family. my father brainwashed me by suggesting certain ideas to the point that i could envision them in my mind. he used me to get back with my mother. i ruined my mother and my sisters life for being weak. years pass family still broken. have been diagnosed with severe depression. dad talks ill about my mother and accuses her of adultery with women. i try to defend her he believes nothing but the superstitious beliefs and advice that his family and peers offer. i have done nothing yet i have been beat physically and mentally. i am not even loving for myself. i do not know what to do anymore. i have always wanted to die since i was a child but i have held on long enough for my little sister. i cannot keep doing this. my mind is breaking. i feel myself slipping away. no one wanted me in this world not even my own family. my own father my own grandmother and the paternal side of the family. i was the oldest grandchild but i was always belittled so that the smaller boy could be seen as the prodigy. i was nothing. i am dirt. i am trash. i want to die i am so weak. my sister has tried to make me feel better for what i have attained in life. i did not attain it because i wanted to i only did it because it was expected of me. i do not know what i am doing with my life. i can envision no future. i am broken. no person will want me as their partner. i want to die. i need to die maybe that way i can free my family of the shackles of a useless parasite as my dad called me. i can tell my own mother dislikes me too deep down. why would not she it is my fault my father is still in our life. he broke her too. she is beyond repair. i have doomed us all. both sides of the family hate each other. death threats have happened attempts at murder have happened. i do not think i deserve to live. autism and severe depression are nothing but a joke in my father's and mother's eyes. i am meant to be normal like everyone else who is able to live life headstrong. i cannot take this anymore. i have never had anyone and i never will. so many thoughts so much i want to say nothing comes out. no one really cares. it is all a facade. deep down we are all selfish. it is okay the weak like me are not meant to survive. i am weak. i am nothing. for anyone willing to read.
hi all, i relate deeply to a lot of the posts i see on this page and i would like to offer some encouragement.there was a long period of time where i was in complete isolation and the pandemic further isolated me. i turned to negative things to cope with the depression and loneliness like mind numbing television, alcohol, and hanging out with people that were toxic for me due to the fear of being alone.after years of therapy and growth, i wanted to share some words of encouragement for all my lonely hearts out there lt 3 being afraid of being alone is totally normal . the reason you may feel so alone is because you are not sharing with anyone your feelings. you are not being seen heard in the way you need to be seen heard. i hope this post helps you connect in some way to know that you are not alone and many others have gone through the same similar thing. growing love and respect for someone else requires time spent with that person. over time, you may fall in love or grow great respect for people that show you who they are, what they value, how they talk act, etc. what is the difference between that and growing self love amp self respect? you must spend that time with yourself to grow that love and respect for yourself. alone time can be seen as an opportunity if we look at it this way. to feel less alone, meditating for 5 minutes a day, journaling, and shadow work exercises can help you. a shadow work exercise that really helped me that i learned through my spiritual journey therapy is to look at yourself in a mirror and ask yourself questions you will be surprised what comes out. start some hobbies, anything and everything that you can afford to do. if it ends up flopping, that is okay. you can move onto the next thing and remember, you have time. over time, you will hopefully realize that time alone gives you the opportunity to do what you want, recharge, and protect your energy from people. we are quick to defend others when they are talking negatively about themselves e.g. your friend says i am so ugly or i am so fat or i am so worthless we immediately tell them they are not and give them a plethora of compliments to negate it. but when we are doing negative self talk, we just feed into that and feed into that. you must be kind to yourself, you must defend yourself. tell yourself you are having a bad day and know that it will get better.these are just some things that have helped me along my journey of feeling very lonely. i hope some of these things help you lt 3tldr i have a youtube video regarding these topics that i go into further. in my video, first i tell you my story, then i go into the pros benefits of spending time alone, and then i finish with some friendly suggestions on what you can do alone. you can find my video by searching kelly guidance how to stop feeling alone spiritual chat. you are never alone. i am sending you all so much love and light. remember to always be kind to yourself and others. one day at a time. friendly suggestions for anyone who feels alone lt 3
i know what you are thinking. fuck off, not another one telling me it can get better and things will be okay. but bare with me. ill go through my story and you can judge at the end if it really is just another dumb post or if my story resonates with you.i got diagnosed with mdd major depressive disorder over a year ago. i was in bits. i was crying myself to sleep every day. everything felt so hard to do and i could not get out of bed. i was suicidal every single day. i felt completely numb and that there was no point in living anymore. whatever anyone said did not matter to me. i only mattered. what i thought mattered and that was it. i contemplated taking a few many pills several times. nothing was holding me back. i had tried everything, regular therapy, medication, and it just did not help at all. after several months that was it. i had decided to take my own life. i prepared the pills. wrote a one line suicide letter. and as i was right there sat on my bed ready to do it i got stopped by this inner voice that told me to call the suicide hotline so i did. they talked me out of it. my next appointment with my psychiatrist we decided to go through with tms transcranial magnetic stimulation . i thought that would be it. that its going to work out after this. but it did not. i was back in the same position i was in before i started any of the treatments.that is when i my dr suggested ect electroconvulsive therapy . at first it sounded so scary and i was terrified. but i did some research and it seemed promising so i went through with it. a few sessions later, boom, i was feeling soo much better. when i finished my sessions, i was a freaking completely different human. all my depressive symptoms were gone, all my suicidal ideations were gone, everything just disappeared and for the first time in forever i had hope again. the next couple of months i was way way better than what i was. i am still on medication. and i have this fear that i will relapse at any time but for the first time in a while i was hopeful and hope can be a powerful thing. i know what you are thinking, that this is bullshit and its just not going to work but i swear by it, it was like fucking magic. if you have made it this far and you are wondering well how does it get better? here is how. make sure you have a supportive system, people that will be there for you no matter what. it could even be people from this sub if you do not have anyone. second set reminders to take your medication on time. if they are not working and your dr is not helping you much change them. they will never go after you to help you so you should go after yourself. third go to therapy with a counsellor you click with. someone who will get you and help you. again if you do not like them change them. you will find the right therapist. and lastly if its been a while and you are not responding to medication look into tms and ect. it can be expensive but its hella worth it. you are not alone. it gets better. i promise. it gets better. i promise
life is meaningless. i cannot fall asleep at night because my thoughts keep me awake and i cannot get out of bed in the morning because what is the point? days are exactly the same and we just reset them everyday. i wish it would all just stop. death sounds like such a peaceful and happy state. i long for happiness. i have not been truly happy in years and i do not even know how it feels anymore. showering, brushing my teeth and all the other functioning human activities are pointless to me. i do not care about anything. i do not make plans because i might not be here tomorrow. i do not care for possessions because where i am going i do not need them. i just want it all to end.getting help is horrible. firstly you need to admit to yourself that something is not right and that these thoughts are not normal . then you need to tell others this feels more like convincing them that you have a problem. i call it a problem because that is how everyone sees it but infact you have a solution to all your problems but this is not how others will see it. people say that it is a permanent solution to a temporary problem but the problem is not temporary and all you are doing is delaying the inevitable. we are all going to die someday i just want it to happen sooner rather than later. fuck the world and everyone in it i honestly do not care. life is just constant suffering with small instances of happiness. now you start taking medication and if you are lucky it works for you but more often than not it does not. you still feel the same but now even worse. you go to a psychiatrist and tell her your entire life's story even the parts you have never told anyone. you feel beter when you walk out of the room but it does not last long and you are right back to your old self. this constantly trying to fix yourself is exhausting and if you do not see results it makes everything worse. you begin to think if it is worth it and if you should not just give up. it is way easier to just end it all but yet you keep trying each day but how many times are you going to be able to do this before it catches up to you.i am tired, tired of pretending to be ok. tired of pretending to give a fuck. tired of having these thoughts. tired of putting in the work to fix me when i do not even know if i can be fixed. i did not ask to be this way, most of the time i just wish i was normal and maybe even a bit closer to the bottom of the iq range. maybe then i would just accept everything for what it is. laugh at peoples stupid jokes and do all the other pathetic human stuff. but i am not normal . i do not feel alive. it is as if this is all one big dream and to be honest what is the real difference between reality and dreams? maybe if i kill myself i will finally wake up from this dream?fuck this world.i do not want to pretend anymore.i have depression and if you do not have it you will never understand. if you want to give me advice and tell me to just suck it up you can go fuck yourself. inside the mind of a suicidal person.
i have been alone for a long time. do not have any siblings or extended family, just my mom and dad. everyone else is dead or out of my life. i think during my childhood was the only time i ever had real friends around me that genuinely cared. but when i was 11 we moved to a brand new country, so i had to leave all of those friendships behind. i have not been able to make a single genuine bond since, just some friends you joke around with sometimes, hang out, grab drinks. i put friends in quotation marks because none of them really care all that much. they never ask how i am, say they missed me, or show interest in me or my life in general. and i am pretty sure if i went missing today, they would not even notice.anyway, i stay at a flat with 6 other people. amongst them is a girl around my age. i was too shy to ever go up and talk to her but i have always found her very attractive. one day she came up to me and added me to a group chat where we could organise stuff to do with all the other flatmates, or just talk about things in general or complain when someone did not wash their dishes or something .anyway, it slowly blossomed into a friendship between me and her. we understood each other, we got along, we talked, we even started relying on each other for emotional support sometimes. it got to the point where she would come to my room almost every day and we would just talk about anything, stay up all night and watch movies. she bowled her eyes out next to me watching princess kaguya. it was great. for a while i completely forgot that i was alone. she started becoming the person i looked forward to seeing. she filled that gap for me. i guess as a result of that it was inevitable that this infatuation would turn into romantic interest on my end. but she did not return my feelings, and now she is seeing someone else. i tried to be respectful about it, i told her that i would probably find it a bit hard to stay friends and i do not feel bad for saying that as it is the honest truth and i have been distancing myself to give her space.but now i am alone again. her life is going on like nothing ever happened, because she never needed me in the first place. i was the one that needed her. i keep checking my phone every day, thinking maybe she will reach out to me eventually, maybe our friendship did mean more to her and she misses me. but every day that goes by confirms to that it is not true. so now i am alone. being alone before sucked. it was painful. but i was also used to it, it is all i knew, so i learned to cope. now that i have had a taste of what real friendship what love feels like. i cannot go back anymore. it hurts too much.it is impacting every aspect of my life. i am not eating properly. i stopped going to work. i am not finding fun or enjoyment in the things i used to. i do not know what to do or how much longer i can go on.i just wish my family did not love me so much. then there would be nothing stopping me, nobody i would hurt by ending it all so tired if being alone
life is meaningless. i cannot fall asleep at night because my thoughts keep me awake and i cannot get out of bed in the morning because what is the point? days are exactly the same and we just reset them everyday. i wish it would all just stop. death sounds like such a peaceful and happy state. i long for happiness. i have not been truly happy in years and i do not even know how it feels anymore. showering, brushing my teeth and all the other functioning human activities are pointless to me. i do not care about anything. i do not make plans because i might not be here tomorrow. i do not care for possessions because where i am going i do not need them. i just want it all to end.getting help is horrible. firstly you need to admit to yourself that something is not right and that these thoughts are not normal. then you need to tell others this feels more like convincing them that you have a problem. i call it a problem because that is how everyone sees it but infact you have a solution to all your problems but this is not how others will see it. people say that it is a permanent solution to a temporary problem but the problem is not temporary and all you are doing is delaying the inevitable. we are all going to die someday i just want it to happen sooner rather than later. fuck the world and everyone in it i honestly do not care. life is just constant suffering with small instances of happiness. now you start taking medication and if you are lucky it works for you but more often than not it does not. you still feel the same but now even worse. you go to a psychiatrist and tell her your entire life's story even the parts you have never told anyone. you feel beter when you walk out of the room but it does not last long and you are right back to your old self. this constantly trying to fix yourself is exhausting and if you do not see results it makes everything worse. you begin to think if it is worth it and if you should not just give up. it is way easier to just end it all but yet you keep trying each day but how many times are you going to be able to do this before it catches up to you.i am tired, tired of pretending to be ok. tired of pretending to give a fuck. tired of having these thoughts. tired of putting in the work to fix me when i do not even know if i can be fixed. i did not ask to be this way, most of the time i just wish i was normal and maybe even a bit closer to the bottom of the iq range. maybe then i would just accept everything for what it is. laugh at peoples stupid jokes and do all the other pathetic human stuff. but i am not normal. i do not feel alive. it is as if this is all one big dream and to be honest what is the real difference between reality and dreams? maybe if i kill myself i will finally wake up from this dream?fuck this world.i do not want to pretend anymore.i have depression and if you do not have it you will never understand. if you want to give me advice and tell me to just suck it up you can go fuck yourself. inside the mind of a suicidal person.
when i wa younger my mom would get me for month out of every summer a written out in the divorce paper during this month i wa hardly allowed to shower or brush my teeth and i often got in trouble for asking repeatedly for food or saying that i wa hungry i wasn t allowed to make friend in my mom s apartment complex and i wa never allowed to go outside unless my mom wa taking me to get food or we were doing her shopkick stuff i wa forced to drink coffee even though i didn t like it at the time and she d smoke in the apartment without opening a window from time to time a you guy can probably imagine i hated it there and i would become very unhealthy my mom would keep me up all night and refuse to let me go to sleep until like am i d pray for her to leave the apartment to go to the gas station for ciggarretts so that i could at least brush my teeth and chug down some water i wasn t allowed to drink water either because my mom didn t like it and she didn t want me drinking the tap water i wa only allowed to drink soda i d wait for her to fall asleep on the couch and try to sneak off to bed and finally get some sleep sometimes she d wake up while i wa sneaking and i d play it off a i wa going to the bathroom i wa always deathly afraid of making her mad because she d emotionally berate me or go overboard with the belt i wa also always afraid of getting caught for brushing my teeth or showering or going to sleep i wa ok for the most part when i d live with my dad i wa usually irritable for the next few week while i d readjust but now i m a sophmore in college and i m finding myself becoming more and more introverted and having more anxiety with le control over my emotion i am also doing the same exact thing that i d do when i wa with my mom for that month eating no more than once a day not sleeping staying up all night watching tv not taking shower not getting up to drink water not going outside and not talking to people and it s not for lack of wanting to do these thing i ve also seemingly developed a skin picking disorder where i pick my acne pick my bottom lip until it s completely covered in blood and my lip is raw and slightly swollen and pick my cuticle to the point of cry when i put my hand under running water i ve noticed that when i m picking at my skin i m thinking about how much i want to take a shower go to sleep eat food or drink water i have no idea why i m anxious about those thing again i m living with my boyfriend who encourages me to be healthy and is the complete opposite of my mom he s perfect all i know is that i need it to stop before my skin picking and or my introversion becomes so severe i can t come back to it i can t even go to the store by myself right now and i wa very independent my freshman year of college i m sorry for this being so long but if anyone ha any idea or advice that can help me get to the bottom of whatever is triggering me to feel this way again please comment below ask any additional question if you need to i would greatly appreciate it
i ve felt like this for a bit but never super realized until i looked into a depression a i ve thought more and more recently that i might have depression i ve just kind of been watching youtube and show recently not doing anything i like recently i haven t had any good motivation to get up and do stuff like playing video game even though i want to i just can t get myself to i ve been failing school i can t motivate myself to sit down and even do that which i really really need to do and i feel bad for it too since i haven t done really anything and my mom stuck her neck out to help me i ve just about always had good grade up until spring of last year i think i m always happy when out doing stuff around people basically but i m not always feeling that way i ve just kind of been feeling off and a bit sad i want to reach out to people but i don t have the courage to do so even if they re a relative or a close friend i don t want anyone feeling sad because i am and i m just kind of trying to keep people other than myself happy people have asked me sometimes if i m ok but i always respond with i m fine sometimes i know like at the beginning of conversation i sound a bit sad which is why people ask if i m ok but then i kind of just go to a normal somewhat happy tone i don t want to really say i m depressed cause i think it s just my own fault for being too lazy and i know recently especially i haven t been getting to sleep really at a time i should just cause i don t feel tired basically ever so i just stay awake and sometimes force myself to sleep i m not really ever cry which isn t very depression like which is guess is kind of why i ve just thought for awhile that i don t which i probably don t i m sure i m exaggerating but i don t really get to a point where i feel sleepy and then when i do go to sleep i sleep for hour and even if i do set alarm i wake up but i m just not motivated enough to actually get up so i usually just fall back asleep but i just haven t told anyone up until now especially not irl until now but even this ha taken some courage to admit even to myself but i probably didn t say everything a im just kind of piecing stuff together in no specific order or anything and just ramblind on but i m sorry this ha been long thank you for reading and have a nice day or night i did forget to mention some stuff i don t really have suicidal thought i mean i ve thought of suicide but never actually thought about doing it and i have been thinking about talking to a friend that i believe ha had depression in the past but i don t know if they still do so i don t really want to put that weight on their shoulder a well and also i haven t been eating a much probably not because of depression if i even have it which i m sure i don t at this point and also my hygiene i haven t been taking care of my hygiene the best i kind of stopped brushing my teeth for awhile i hate to admit it but my teeth are pretty yellowed and i haven t really been taking care of thing such a acne a well
i finally went to see a psychotherapist after years of struggling and the conversation was really nice. i mean it was quite basic, he asked me if i wanted to talk freely or if he should ask away and i chose the latter, but still even just talking to someone who is non judgmental and not so reactive towards possibly disturbing things i might say was liberating. right at the start i told him i was suffering from depression, but after talking for just a bit he quickly crossed thatpossibility out, saying that i did not have the most prominent symptoms, being lack of sleep most importantly, among other things. apparantly sleeping well and too much is a disqualifier lol. in the end he did diagnose me with a reoccurent depressive disorder i dunno if that is the correct term in english on paper even though he said i am 'just' fatigued, so i am confused. however the main thing i wanted to say is that i just do not know how i feel about this if i count on his words and not the final diagnosis? . i should feel relieved but if i am not depressed what makes me the mess i am? what makes me apathetic and hurt for no apparent reason? i cannot shoulder the responsibilty for 'failing' in life so far yet. it is too much without the 'excuse' of being depressed. to top it, this was my biggest fear ever since i suspected i might be depressed in my teenage years.. that i might just be this way, that everything i was going through was just me, my personality. i finally embraced and accepted that i was depressed years along the way and often realized just how fucked up my mind is when others reacted strongly to random small things i said, seeing in what dark place my mind was. maybe i am just lazy and cannot grow the fuck up. i should have asked him if he was clearly diagnosing me with depression or what. or is there a difference i do not know about? he also said that i should meet with a specialist for gastroenterology for my iron deficiency and emphasized that many women apparently suffer from the kind of symptoms i do just from the deficiency. i have experienced severe anemia before and i have had barely acceptable iron stats for years, although i do take supplements whenever it dips too low and have that checked every year, which my doctor for that does not take it half as serious... anyway even though i came out confused i rode the high of having achieved seeking help, which i have been putting off for ages. and as i said before, just talking openly was really nice and i feel like i got lucky to actually like the first professional i met with, having heard that many need to switch a few times before finding someone they click with. even though i cannot go back there, as there are no capacities in my city for the demand there is apparently. please go seek therapy if you need it. everybody can benefit from it, not just us depressed folks. so yeah if anybody actually read this far, have a nice day night, i wish you well. just me rambling about my experience in one first therapy session
i realized today that i have no more control over my concious. maybe i never did. but i do not have the confidence or energy left to delude myself into thinking i have control over my life.i truly do not. i do not know who i am because i have spent the past four years never changing or trying anything new. everything i have done was out of my own short term survival, whether that may be work for school or trying to cope with stress through escapism.so here i am. i am 18, faced with reality, and i do not know how to comprehend it. once more i do not know myself. i never had the self love to take care of myself during my high school years. i hated myself, and destroyed a chance of forming an identity through my own fear and loathing.i do not know how to describe myself. i am many things but also absolutely nothing at all. pretentious as that sounds, it illustrates the tenuous grasp i have of my own self.i do not know who i am. i have vague ideas of who i want to be, but i cannot do anything because i have no autonomy over my own feelings.i am in a constant state of inaction or drowning myself in escapism. i have college to worry about, i still have not chosen my classes, but how could i? i do not know who i am, and any aspiration i have ever had i have never attained because of misfortune or inaction.so i give up. i have been severly depressed for the last seven month. every day i wanted to die. but this past month its gotten better. why? because of escapism and leisure. whenever i face reality i become depressed and scared. i can only live through other peoples stories and dream.i daydream all the time. i can never manifest anything.so i give up. i have no autonomy over this person i inhibit. they feel like a different person entirely from me. they will not relent with their bullshit, bad habits, and stagnation. my spirit is different from my person.i know i will never find self love, because that requires autonomy, decision making, and motivation. i have none. i feel deprived of anything.how am i even supposed to find a romantic partner if i do not know myself? i will always feel alienated, from myself and others.love is so beautiful, but something i will never experience.i do not know where ill be in a year, let alone five, but i will have made self destructive decisions like always. whether they be big or miniscule, i have always been too selfless. i do not mean that in a self aggrandizing way, but in a negative way. i do not feel good about myself.this makes me sound depressed, and i probably am, but the feeling is more akin to apathy. why even try if i will never be happy with myself. always changing my mind, always daydreaming. every day i change my mind about who i want to be, so i am nobody.i am just here for the ride, for wherever my mind takes me. down down down. i just will not feel the intimacy and love that others do.tldr anxiety killed me. self love and acceptance are vital to a good life. life makes no sense. i do not understand my feelings anymore.
hello dear reader, today i have been staring at the abyss and i feel so drawn to it, i feel it calling my name softly and gently, i feel like i should just give up. to many bad memories haunt my mind and cloud my thoughts, i still remember the first time i got hit. i do also remember being punched for being gay at the age of 13 by older men in their 18's, i also remember being raped by 2 cops when i was going home from my office when i was 21, i remember swallowing a lot of pills when i was 7 and tightening a rope around my neck when i was 9. i remember loosing an amazing friend one summer day because i did not feel like seeing him at all, because how could i explain that i was feeling vulnerable for the assaulted i have lived in the past, i remember how my father stop seeing me because i was not man enough and i did not know how to catch a ball with my hands, i remember walking home when i was 8 during a hurricane wanting to be blown away by the gusts of wind and i remember loosing the man i loved that die during a tragedy. a man that always told me how strong i was even though i do not have the physique he used to have, he was muscular, strong and kind as a gentle giant, still he always looked at me when we wake up as i was hercules or some hero of the ancient times and he used to say my love i wish someday i could be half as strong as you are . amp x200b i want to jump into the abyss or more like just stop holding on to life, but i do not want to die. i want to live, i want to leave behind my bad memories and my demons and my errors. if you god can read this i still believe with all my heart in you, i also know that you can see me. and in fact you are right here next to me, trying to reach my broken mended heart. it is silly to think that falling into the abyss will solve anything, but i am loosing my strength i have zero today, my heart is aching and my soul feels heavy and numb. i will not quit on living because i do want to deserve a happy ending, i want to be a nice, gentle man. not a perfect one, not even a happy one. just one with a future for me to build, i do not dream about travels, love, hope, boyfriends, friends, videogames or anything at all.i just want a second chance please, i will make it count and i will be humble about it. and that is my letter to you dear reader as you i do try to fight my very own darkness to keep it at bay, so that monster will not swallow me and let me still in my bed while my family sleeps on the same house. i have feel so much guilt in my life for being here, for being alive, for being able to breath. while so many people has lost their life due to and illness or an accident or a murderer. so my brothers and sisters out there can any of you help me lit my light because the night is here and i feel my light dimming and dying out, so please anyone out there.be kind to me and bestow a little of your light so i can traverse this night and not fall into the void.with tears in my eyes, your brother alex. today it is my turn
so a few friends have told me that i have got depression and i do not want to go off of a self diagnosis or what somebody that is not professional says. so december 30th of 2020 while i was laying in bed trying to fall asleep a feeling of loneliness and sadness came over me is the best way i could describe it and i figured by the time i wake up it would be gone, when i woke up the next morning i still felt that way and decided to get ready in the dark and on my drive up to work i did not have the radio on listening to music like i normal ly would, when i got to work i asked my boss which route i would be doing and i started typing in the addresses on my phone and whenever i type address is in i use voice dictation, so every time i would speak an address in that morning i kept feeling this urge like i wanted to cry and the more i kept speaking the stronger it got so eventually i started typing them in with my finger and several times before dispatch my manager walked past me and i wanted to tell him so bad that i was not feeling well mentally and that i was not all there i was so close to telling him yet i could not bring myself to do it so finally fast forward to after they dispatch us instead of telling my manager that i am not feeling well mentally i told him that i was hungover..... i felt like i would have been judged if i would have told him that i was not feeling all there mentallyand one more incident here recently happened where me and a friend went to a bar and on our way over there i kind of get this familiar feeling of like loneliness and sadness and when we get into the bar and sit down they ask what we want to eat and drink and i was not in the mood for anything so i did not order anything i pretty much just stared off into space while we were there and after we left the bar we walked around the little shopping center area that it was in and then before we got back to my truck there was a park nearby with two bridges that cross over a trail so i told my buddy that i was going to go take a piss and i would be right back i walk in between the two bridges and sit down on the embankment or whatever the hell you call that thing and then i cried for about 5 to 10 minutes for absolutely no reason whatever and the background i would say the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020 i had made plans to go play pool with a coworker and right before i got to the pool hall they called said that they could not go so i ended up going by myself and stayed there until about 2 00 a.m. playing pool by myself realizing that i was getting more and more lonely i decided to leave and drive to the park on the way there the feeling got stronger and when i got to the park i shut my truck off and cried for about a good 5 minutes at least and texted one of my co workers that he was better at his job than i was at minei honestly do not know if i am depressed or just lonely, because that feeling is not always constant, it is not always persistent 24 7 i think i might have depression
title, basically. i am kind of terrified. i have completely lost entire conversations, and looking back on those conversations the ones i can actually read because they happened over text it seems like someone else wrote them. they include details i do not know literally until i read them, and leave out things that i now do.i can never remember my best friend's major. it is engineering, i think, but which sort? i have no idea. i have asked him about it dozens of times, i know that much.friends are always introducing me to music. a few months later, i will invariably try to introduce them to the same music as if the first conversation never happened.i recently broke up with my partner. part of why i did was because i felt he was an awful communicator. then it came to my attention, through both him and other people who were close to the situation, that i actually just straight up forgot a great deal of our communication on a few key issues. i remember it now, but i do not know if it will stay that way.i am an active member on a worldbuilding forum elsewhere on the internet, or at least i used to be. looking back at what i wrote there, it feels so... foreign, again, like someone else wrote it.i can never remember my childhood as clearly as my sibling. they can recite to me all kinds of things about family gatherings, semi distant relatives, and various other memories that i have absolutely no connection to.i am horrible with names. i used to think that it was normal , but now i am questioning that assumption in light of everything else.i am currently visiting with a friend. planning logistics for this trip has been an incredible hassle, because i have thought that we discussed things that we never had a conversation about, and entirely forgotten conversations that did happen.i can never remember the tasks i need to complete. i always thought that it was laziness, or my capacity for straight up denial, but i am not so sure at this point.everyone everyone that knows me, apparently knows me to be very repetitive in conversation, far more so over the course of a day. i had no idea. i always think it is my first time saying something until someone tells me otherwise. i always thought nothing of it, but...this is an awful revelation. i feel like i am going crazy, like i do not know what is actually real in my life or what looks real just because i am missing some key detail. i am afraid that i have forgotten so much about things between my ex partner and i that the breakup made no sense and was actually caused by mental illness instead of a genuine understanding of our situation. i am just really, really afraid. i do not know what to do.is this explicable with depression alone? do i probably have something else? are there ssris that improve memory, or some other effective treatment? please, any answers would be of help. i am really frightened. i am depressed. i have really, really bad memory loss. am i crazy in some other way, or can my depression alone explain this?
title, basically. i am kind of terrified. i have completely lost entire conversations, and looking back on those conversations the ones i can actually read because they happened over text it seems like someone else wrote them. they include details i do not know literally until i read them, and leave out things that i now do.i can never remember my best friend's major. it is engineering, i think, but which sort? i have no idea. i have asked him about it dozens of times, i know that much.friends are always introducing me to music. a few months later, i will invariably try to introduce them to the same music as if the first conversation never happened.i recently broke up with my partner. part of why i did was because i felt he was an awful communicator. then it came to my attention, through both him and other people who were close to the situation, that i actually just straight up forgot a great deal of our communication on a few key issues. i remember it now, but i do not know if it will stay that way.i am an active member on a worldbuilding forum elsewhere on the internet, or at least i used to be. looking back at what i wrote there, it feels so... foreign, again, like someone else wrote it.i can never remember my childhood as clearly as my sibling. they can recite to me all kinds of things about family gatherings, semi distant relatives, and various other memories that i have absolutely no connection to.i am horrible with names. i used to think that it was normal, but now i am questioning that assumption in light of everything else.i am currently visiting with a friend. planning logistics for this trip has been an incredible hassle, because i have thought that we discussed things that we never had a conversation about, and entirely forgotten conversations that did happen.i can never remember the tasks i need to complete. i always thought that it was laziness, or my capacity for straight up denial, but i am not so sure at this point.everyone everyone that knows me, apparently knows me to be very repetitive in conversation, far more so over the course of a day. i had no idea. i always think it is my first time saying something until someone tells me otherwise. i always thought nothing of it, but...this is an awful revelation. i feel like i am going crazy, like i do not know what is actually real in my life or what looks real just because i am missing some key detail. i am afraid that i have forgotten so much about things between my ex partner and i that the breakup made no sense and was actually caused by mental illness instead of a genuine understanding of our situation. i am just really, really afraid. i do not know what to do.is this explicable with depression alone? do i probably have something else? are there ssris that improve memory, or some other effective treatment? please, any answers would be of help. i am really frightened. i am depressed. i have really, really bad memory loss. am i crazy in some other way, or can my depression alone explain this?
so a few friends have told me that i have got depression and i do not want to go off of a self diagnosis or what somebody that is not professional says. so december 30th of 2020 while i was laying in bed trying to fall asleep a feeling of loneliness and sadness came over me is the best way i could describe it and i figured by the time i wake up it would be gone, when i woke up the next morning i still felt that way and decided to get ready in the dark and on my drive up to work i did not have the radio on listening to music like i normally would, when i got to work i asked my boss which route i would be doing and i started typing in the addresses on my phone and whenever i type address is in i use voice dictation, so every time i would speak an address in that morning i kept feeling this urge like i wanted to cry and the more i kept speaking the stronger it got so eventually i started typing them in with my finger and several times before dispatch my manager walked past me and i wanted to tell him so bad that i was not feeling well mentally and that i was not all there i was so close to telling him yet i could not bring myself to do it so finally fast forward to after they dispatch us instead of telling my manager that i am not feeling well mentally i told him that i was hungover..... i felt like i would have been judged if i would have told him that i was not feeling all there mentallyand one more incident here recently happened where me and a friend went to a bar and on our way over there i kind of get this familiar feeling of like loneliness and sadness and when we get into the bar and sit down they ask what we want to eat and drink and i was not in the mood for anything so i did not order anything i pretty much just stared off into space while we were there and after we left the bar we walked around the little shopping center area that it was in and then before we got back to my truck there was a park nearby with two bridges that cross over a trail so i told my buddy that i was going to go take a piss and i would be right back i walk in between the two bridges and sit down on the embankment or whatever the hell you call that thing and then i cried for about 5 to 10 minutes for absolutely no reason whatever and the background i would say the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020 i had made plans to go play pool with a coworker and right before i got to the pool hall they called said that they could not go so i ended up going by myself and stayed there until about 2 00 a.m. playing pool by myself realizing that i was getting more and more lonely i decided to leave and drive to the park on the way there the feeling got stronger and when i got to the park i shut my truck off and cried for about a good 5 minutes at least and texted one of my co workers that he was better at his job than i was at minei honestly do not know if i am depressed or just lonely, because that feeling is not always constant, it is not always persistent 24 7 i think i might have depression
depression slowly started to become the first thought that hit me when i woke up, the thing that would tower over me like an inspector. it analysed and critiqued everything i did. i still suffer with it but its become easier to cope with. i have looked at all the peoples socials of whom i was friends with at the first sort of few days when i felt depression, and did not think much of what i felt. when i look at those socials, i think, those people have become strangers to me. those once friendly faces have become the strangers that you walk past awkwardly and smile at. those people that i once stopped from ending their life, have stopped the daily text, funny image, call, because they have met new friends that were emotionally available to give that excitement and care and i just was not capable of doing that. and now i have lost touch with some of the best friends i had and i have to walk past them with those thoughts flooding into my head.just think, if i was not the way i was, i might still have those friends. those friends might have saved me from a few of those killer nights where my mind would be numb from the entire planet but i was not man enough to start the conversation about it. it makes me feel that i have just neglected everything around me. i mean heck, i almost lost my girlfriend because i was so anxious that id crack under the pressure of the simple how are you?. i was so emotionally unavailable i was considering cutting it off for her sake but i realised i loved her too much to do so. so i took action. i turned off socials notifications, i stopped checking my phone, asking to meet up with friends, and focusing on things i was capable of focusing on my studies and my girlfriend. it sounds horrible, saying my gf came before the bros but the bros were already building bridges with other guys so i already felt like a scapegoat then. and now i see pictures of them with their new friends and i am happy for them but i am also bitter because if depression had not shot me in the chest so many times at the worst times, that new friend could have been me. and now i am here, with my girlfriend who i am grateful for and love and my studies. i do not have a single friend i can possibly say backs me, checks up on me, calls me when they realise i am suffering at my worst, and its just made me use the tactic of shutting down from the world while i sort my self out. and that shuts me out from the world even more. but i have never been able to do it any differently. my girlfriend is the only one that when i talk to, i can just forget about everything going on in my life and be myself but happier.i miss my bros because i should have invested time into them and now i am bullying myself about it.does anyone get by in a similar way or is it just me that copes with it like this? btw i know shutting off is not the healthiest method but its the most efficient in terms of speed i have realised over time i have neglected my friendships because of depression.
i feel sick for days on end because i do not eat enough and all i can do is lay in bed and listen to my stomach and smell the dirty dishes in the sink and think about how i have not washed my hair in days and feel more and more sick until i just go back to sleep to shut it all out. i do not feel sad, i just feel sick and exhausted and disinterested. i used to do so much like art and guitar and hikes when i was a teenager but now my interests just sit across the room from me collecting dust. on days i work i manage to get more done unless i just end up going to bed around 7pm when i get home. but usually i will have random bursts of motivation which will allow me to do cleaning and some hygienic things. it is so embarrassing because when my boyfriend gets home he just sees me laying in bed still at 5 or 6pm and he has to go do things and i have spent the day thinking maybe i will be able to drag myself out of bed if we can just go out and do something. but of course he is usually busy and even when we go do things i always come back here and feel like i just want to sleep. he helps do chores when i do not do them but i cannot expect him to pick it all up for me. and i am sitting here thinking i need to get my shit together. how can he be attracted to someone like this. how can i show up at my parent's house looking great and convincing them my life is going so well, just to go home and lay in bed again, and think about how my body is only going to deteriorate more the longer i lay here. i know i will not get my shit together though. it is weird to have people call you admirable and capable just because you have a half decent job or a degree but inside you do not feel like really anything half memorable or interesting. just because i can read into what people are saying, or like to learn a lot, does not really mean i am any different from anyone else, and at the end of my life my interests will not actually mean anything or make a difference, because we kind of just live and then die, and that is it. i have health conditions that also make functioning just hard for me, pots and structural issues. makes it hard to walk around sometimes, to just get up, to stay active and feel full of energy. and i do not think my emotions are too related to that, it just combines into a larger hurdle for me to overcome.i dunno. i do not feel a lot. it is the fact that i do not feel a lot, and when i do i sob like a child and my heart feels like it is about to explode, and then i go back into this numb, hungry sleep until the next time i am alive enough to feel pain again. this is rambly and borders on nonsensical but i am just saying what i am thinking. i certainly talk to some people in my life about my feelings but all that is done is made me realize i sound like a broken record, and after a point they do not need to ask why i am crying or why i bailed on all of the plans, because they have heard it about a million times. breaking out of the cycle feels impossible
title pretty much says it all. i have been attempting to get long overdue issues resolved, and on track to better life, and a happier life. i have been unable to continue to support myself off savings, and i have been waiting since december for unemployment payments, so i got a decent job and now i regret accepting the job, because having any pay over 15 hours minimum wage 12.50 is considered too much for healthcare assistance.yet when i do my budget with my newfound income, the best insurance they offer, and expect to max out my out of pocket yearly, i still come up with over 4 grand out of pocket. that is 2 entire months of income, with rent already being 40 of my income, that is just not possible to do.so either i give up on the job, lose any continuing unemployment, and go homeless, in order to get the care i have waited my entire life for, or stay with the job and be stuck in the same misery i have been in for 15 years.i have been trying to get caught up on care for 3 years consecutively, 10 years total, but not the only time i have attempted to see doctors. each time either my insurance chances new insurance company at a job and i lose my doctors, or i change jobs, and lose my doctors before any meaningful work is done, or the one time i did get an answer to a good chunk of my pain non diabetic neuropathy and got care, i lost it a little over a year later simply because the office closed in my state and went out of business. no alternatives, and no follow up care since primary cannot take over a specialists prescriptions. i no longer needed answers, it is lifelong, so why is my quality of life to suffer? why do i have to live in misery yet hold the answers to my biggest issues?did i mention primary care doctors are useless? not entirely their fault i assume, as they cannot or will not assist, i have to see a specialist for every little thing by law or policy? everywhere . lifelong foot issue? need to see a new podiatrist again, for the 6th time, painful neurological test? must repeat it because you could not have medical records, that is impossible! gastrointestinal? nope. missing organs, need extra vaccinations such as covid. big fat nope, even though the scar is larger than my dick. psychiatry? nope.oh got injured and need physical therapy 2 3x per week for 7 weeks? good luck! none are open after business hours, so they expect you to feed yourself off physical therapy? you are supposed to feel better when you cannot afford a bed to sleep in?i am fed up with this world, if we want to have private healthcare act like it. i should not have to pay for services where nothing happened! i should be able to shop around, meaning transparent pricing! insurance should be dirt cheap, and only there for major emergency visits.otherwise, do what is right. healthcare for all!i could rant for days, but i am just so tired of it. got a fair job, now i am more depressed i will lose my healthcare, and all the healthcare i have waited and worked so hard for.
to start i do not know how to start. i am writing just to get out of my own head. as far as i can remember there has always been a hole in me. i know insert joke here. but seriously i have to fake emotions on a daily bases. let us be clear i can feel feelings but two is all i have. sadness and anger. but because of this need to belong i try to be more human but end up slipping up and going into self destructive mood. i have screwed up time and time again. and in the wake of my destruction i hurt my family not with physical abuse but because of my actions i keep them at arms length at all times never allowing them to see the real me. i lie, cheat and steal. i have had and still have a addiction problem which helps self medicate my mood swings and depression. my earliest memories from where this void started was when i was 8 or 9. a friend hung himself accidentally with a swing set chain. i was not strong enough to left him up and out. each time i could manage to pick him up the weight of his body dropped and the chain got tighter. he did not die. a neighbor heard me scream and rushed to save him. i will never forget the feeling of hopelessness that creep into me that day. i was not the hero here that i thought one day i would become. from there on years turned into decades and that feeling of self worth i lost became to much to bear. for a time being i felt comfort in an older women but was ultimately taking advantage of. at 15 i was sleeping with a married 35yr old women who just like me was broken. but broken in a different way. her husband was dying and i guess we both used each other to one extant to an other to feel a quick sense of release. a release of stress and sadness but it was fleeting and to avoid her misconduct she tried to pin everything on me. telling friends and coworkers i was stalking her. which was further then the case. my closet friends laughed and believe every drop of bull shit she came up with. my friends i thought know my character better and would have stuck up with me. but they did not and in the end her husband came into the restaurant we both worked and told my boss and coworkers the truth. my friends apologize and said they should have know better, bah bah. but all i felt was that void grow bigger with every mustered up excuses they had to justify their betrayal. if you just told us one of them said. sure that would have made everything better. dear such and such i have been screwing or 35 manager on the weekends at work. what do not believe me? that is weird. to tell the truth i did not much believe it either and i was the one getting banged. that is when a switch turned off and i started to numb the emptiness with pot and pills. that is the most i can write today. i feel alittle better and less crazy. ill write more later on. i did beat the battle of drugs and depression for a while. but the war is always on going. thank you for letting me vent. trust me more will follow there and back again. an manic tale
okay, i do not know where to start and it is going to be pretty unorganised. and i cannot completely express myself, so most of it is going to end up in my mind again ig, i not sure.i am introvert, antisocial, athiest , logical etc and this personality was not expected by my parents and people around me. they always have been forcing me to change my personality. i want to explain them so hard and with that rage , you know , so that they feel it ig , that let me be what i want and instead of scolding me everyday , shouting and wasting your time , just do not force me to change my personality. i can understand why they want to do that , people here , all neighbours , judge a lot, and they are going to make your life harder in a society if you are not what they wanted, and i have to pretend , which is not enough and always end up getting teased by those extroverts. i want to tell them idgaf about you , i do not want to talk to you, but i cannot.most of the times especially at the night when i am about to sleep, i start reviewing my day and explain to myself and correct what mistakes people around me made , how stupidly wrong they were , it is not like i am correct, but i do not even have a chance of debate and those people are always wrong. their comments are always homophobic , sexist, illogical , and it is also about me sometimes, which are generally misleading and wrong, even of my parents , they scold me for wrong reasons most of the time and the explanation i have , which might have will change their mind ends up in my mind.it is not just about home , even in school , i am so shy , i am not able to answer anything or justify myself and end up getting scolded for reasons i was not supposed to.some people might say just speak what is on your mind , how hard is it? , damn it is hard for me , and i am not sure why , everytime i take a long breath to talk , i end up exhaling it and not talk anything. i seriously forget words , it is like blood instead of rushing to my brain, is rushing to my legs and arms and asking me for flight than fight. so most of the times i am like , i cannot do anything now , i do not care , i will just move on, but at night i realise how it is going to affect my life and i am like why did not i do that, why did not i say that and get depressed everytime. i am sure that i am going to struggle my entire life and end up destroying opportunities and just imagine how my life would have been better. i am lonely , never been in a relationship and have few online friends which is another source of depression and there are more things . sorry if i have been just repeating topics also it was not as interesting and thank you if you read all of this . idk why am i sharing this , idc about upvotes, it is just like when i am explaining about how wrong people were about the concepts , to myself, which does makes me somewhat happy ig ,but i end up in depression again , bc that is not going to happen. it always ends up in my mind.
i 29f went no contact with my abusive family over 4 years back after finding out about personality disorders and finally understanding they will never not try to hurt me and that so many of my issues stem from being severely abused all my life. the process of my freedom got super messy, eventually i had to leave everything behind and relocate to another country with one suitcase. i finally started feeling better and taking care of myself, even though i had very bad anxiety for being stalked by them. after 2 years, when i was already back in my country, they found me with the help of a private investigator and a lot of flying monkeys and that is when everything went to s again. they had me kicked out of my apartment, lose my furniture, steal my car, because legal troubles with my company and in my private life etc. i had already lost all my friends and everybody i knew the first time i left them because they contacted all of them and started smear campaigns against me. first i was playing along as i knew that was the best thing i could do atm but then as soon as i had the chance i moved abroad again, just to be away from them. this was about 2 years ago. i am from a small country and whenever i have to go back i feel extremely uneasy as the memories of being followed, stalked, reported on and investigated still live within me. i do not think i can ever go back while they are still alive. they are simply too invested in my abuse and they unfortunately have the resources to because troubles for me. they would never leave me be without trying to hurt me, control me, make me go crazy. i have been trying to find my place abroad eversince i relocated, but that initial strength and power i felt after breaking free is gone. now i am just tired. i do not know how to mentally process the fact that against all odds i successfully identified and left narcissistic abuse i was subject to it all my life, hella brainwashed then managed to self improve, get better and finally take care of myself on my own for the first time in my life, just to have it all ripped away from me because of some shady private investigator and a couple other people helping them destroy my life in exchange for some money. i feel like that was my only chance and i cannot replicate it anymore. my depression, along with my physical health issues are getting worse and i very often have intrusive thoughts about suicide. i feel like i am not strong enough to go back to normal or to start everything from the beginning again. i feel like all the energy i had left was sucked out of me the second time i had to lose it all. now i am just passing time basically, i clearly have not recovered as well as i initially thought i had, every day depression takes a toll on me and even though i do not live in direct abuse anymore, i feel hopeless and unable to live a full, normal life ever again. all i want is to move on but i think i broke and i am not capable of doing that anymore. feeling stuck
i got pregnant on birth control when i was a junior in high school. when i found out i was pregnant i was already too far along. i had my daughter a month after i turned 18. she is 6 now. i have done my best to raise her all by myself. her dad was physically, verbally, and emotionally abusive to me in front of her. he never helps take care of her and he never pays child support. but he has visitation with her so i still have to deal with him.i do everything i can for my daughter while her dad gets to party, live abroad, date whoever he wants, and do whatever he wants. i finished high school, worked, and went to college. my life has been a cycle of mom, school, mom, work, mom, cook, mom, sleep, mom, repeat for the past 7 years. and i do not think i deserve sympathy for that. i made the choices that brought me here, my daughter did not. she is only here because of me and i owe it to her.i have completely lost myself and i am so depressed. i have not had a social life since high school. i have no friends and i have no hobbies. i do not have time. i have stretch marks and saggy breasts from being pregnant and i hate my body. i did not get the college experience. i had to take online classes so i could take care of my daughter and work. and i had to work remotely because my daughter had to do remote learning during covid. my daughter's dad barely uses his visitation but i hate having to deal with my abuser. i just want to block him and move on with my life but i constantly have to be reminded of the abuse.i have the most amazing boyfriend. he makes me feel happy and alive. he loves my daughter and she loves him. but i am so scared i am going to ruin it and it makes me depressed. he does not have any kids and i am scared that he is going to get tired of taking care of a kid that is not his or he is going to find someone else who does not have kids. we rarely get to have alone time and do adult things together. and i have never admitted this but i am jealous of him. if he wants to go out and have fun, he can. i wish i could go out with him but i cannot. he has a high paying job that he gets to travel for. i wish i could have a job like that. i wish i could go on his trips with him. but instead, i am stuck here with my boring low paying remote job. and he does not have to deal with an abusive ex for the rest of his life.i love my daughter and i feel so guilty saying this. i want to enjoy being a mom so badly but i do not. it is so hard and i am so sad. i wanted to get married and have kids my entire life and this is not how i envisioned my life to go at all. my mom noticed that i am depressed and said that therapy can help me. i agree that i need to go to therapy but i do not know how. my mom also offered to take care of my daughter temporarily so i can get established in a career i enjoy, spend some time with my boyfriend, and get healthy and happy. but would that make me a horrible mom? i just do not know anymore. single mom and struggling
i just cannot live my life anymore. every day i struggle just trying to make it through living for another day. i will addictively lose myself in fiction so that i can forget i exist in reality. i binge watch shows and play video games for 10 hours straight, get little sleep and binge eat snacks. then, when i inevitably have to take a break, i feel an insurmountable wave of depression and misery hit me. i hate remembering i exist in reality. i hate becoming aware of my meaningless, worthless, disgusting, ugly, horrible self. being reminded i am complete garbage and not deserving of anything i have or desire. then, it gets so bad that i feel like i need to finally do something to snap out of it. i have to take charge of my life again.so i try. i practically kill myself working incredibly hard to push through my anxiety and fear and panic, trying to talk to people, trying to become social, trying to find new hobbies, trying to go to school and trying to find jobs, living healthy, going to therapy... and all it does is make things worse. i do not feel any sense of relief, i just find new things to stress about, new things to make me feel unloved, worthless, and empty.so i retreat from all of them, avoid them, and shut them all away. and i go back to trying to numb my mind. trying to forget i am even real. i sleep all day, never getting out of bed, refusing to exercise, refusing to cook, refusing to clean my house, just wanting to forget i am even real. i do not know why i am even still around anymore, to be honest.i do not even feel like i have the right to talk about depression compared to people who actually suffer through it. i am just a brat, a spoiled pretentious entitled fucker. the only reason i am depressed is because i am almost 30 years old and have never been able to experience having a girlfriend. ever since i hit puberty more than 15 years ago, it is the only thing that is been on my mind. it is been my obsession, yet no matter how hard i have tried i just fail.everything else in life has been handed to me. i have a great family, plenty of money, i am skilled at almost anything i set my mind to, i make friends easily when i want to, but the one thing that always trips me up is my inability to relate to women in any kind of intimate, romantic way. i always fail at that, and my inability to experience the intimacy i long for and crave makes everything else in my life feel meaningless.why should i care about being healthy, having a job, going to school, having a family, having skills and talents, having hobbies, having fun, or doing anything if i cannot experience the one thing i want most, having a lover? so i sacrifice and ignore everything else and lose myself in romantic fiction, day in, day out. reading and watching it obsessively, wanting to pretend the real me does not exist. i hate myself. i do not deserve to exist. i am literally the worst. i hate waking up in the morning and being alive. i cannot take this anymore
why am i like this sometimes i think about what people reaction would be if they found out i committed suicide sometimes i think it s the only way for people to understand and feel the pain i am feeling i know deep down i won t do it cowardice and my mom still being alive is the only thing stopping me i travel to and from work and i would always cry on the way i feel depressed i know i am depressed but if you would ask me why i wouldn t know where to start or what to say sometimes i don t even know why i m depressed i just am thing are seemingly going well and nothing bad ha happened yet why am i breaking down all the time and lashing out at others why do i feel this familar feeling in my chest like i m holding something back like i m on the verge of a break down i m not sure when it started but i m so scared of people i know my brain is telling me not to trust anyone or get close to anyone because i ll get hurt but i do it anyway i choose to believe that this time it would be different now im alone and i have nobody because i ve tried to protect myself from others look at me now trying to seek comfort from stranger i feel so pathetic and useless i want to be happy i want to not care about what others think of me i want to stop comparing myself to others and getting jealous of people my age who are more accomplished than me i want to be happy with who i am i want to love myself every year i would write in my journal my goal for the year and that would be at the top of my list do you know how tiring it i to pretend to be strong all the time it my own fault i did this i put my guard up and pretended to be knowledgeable a if i didn t suffer from anything imagine i m the one people go to for advice if only they knew how weak i really am how stupid i am i m so tired of reading body langauage facial expression and voice tone and trying to decipher word to see if it ha hidden meaning just to see if they are genuine living in fear of people and what they think of me absoutely breaking down at any mention of someone not liking me or liking something about me or what i did being cold and keeping people at arm length searching online meet people online and how to make friend online i m year old i ve been typing it in for year it dosen t work i m so lonely i have friend but none of them know who i really am i put up a front for year now no one know how to approach me or what to say to me if they see me i don t reply to text message because to me it s a waste of time because they aren t my real friend if i don t keep them around then i m truly a loner i go out of my way to be there for them but nobody asks me if i m okay nobody asks anything about me everyone assumes i m okay i feel so unfulfilled i m unhappy with my current academia but i m procrastinating and making it worse i feel no motivation to study all i m doing is destroying my life what do i do i cant trust anyone i ve tried it for year and everyoe hasn t been genuine sigh i m lost
i do not know why i am venting or what the point of this is. i just went essentially no contact with my toxic pool of relatives and mother, father etc. i have moved every far and things have been a shit show to say the least and while i am able to navigate all of these situations that arise i am mentally fatigued from it all. i have been pulling hat tricks for a year and a half and i do not know for how much longer i can keep it up. i get that resilience and perseverance is key but people telling me that i am insanely strong and all of these useless things... i would just rather not hear. i also wonder how when people give me this praise , how am i actually doing all of these things on my own. i have no shoulder, no open ear, i have only myself to depend on, and while i guess it is always been like that being on the fly in the desert has put a different perspective on things for me. i hate that i did not leave my family earlier, i hate that i endured the abuse, manipulation, lying and gaslighting for so long. so mad i did not realize the fake friendship, and passive indifference. so upset with myself for letting these things fly right over my head. i know better, i know i know better.i can only look forward but it is hard to want this for myself only. i am definitely not the type to kill myself, but i do self sabotage and i know this. all these tiny things keep cropping up putting just even one more small obstacle in front of me and it is starting to weigh on me. i do have a formal diagnosis, two, and am currently unmedicated, but also without medical coverage atm due to all the moving and running away stuff. i have combed my mind for every possible alternative in this situation and am grateful i am still clear enough of mind to make safe sound and wise decisions for myself. asking for help tends to be useless as i can come up with better more efficient alternatives myself. and sometimes when i talk to people about all the shit i am doing and have to do they just stare in awe of how i am juggling and handling all these things unmedicated and not strung out right now, not an appropriate response. whatever. i guess not everyone is as strong forward thinking hard working as i was made out to think everyone had to be, good. i am proud of who i am at this age, i always strived to be a well rounded young adult growing up, to be a good partner to whoever i am with and at this age i think i can say i have achieved those things. i will always be working to better myself as you should never stop working on yourself and there is always room to make improvements.nobody said it would be easy, but nobody said it would be so hard.i will spend my 25th birthday in a i land i am unfamiliar with, by myself, with the most peace of mind i have ever had in my entire life. i think i have won. hats off to breaking generational trauma bonds , shit sucks but someone is' got to do the foot work. but yes it is depressing. hate it, but love this for me
i need serious help. i am 33 and majority of my life has been alone, relationship wise. fell into depression, loneliness and co dependency at 17. despite loving travelling or doing many things with people, i have not because i have been alone and i would not be able to suspend the fact that i have no one to share the experience with enough to actually push myself to go. i had 2 2 year relationships, they both crashed and burned, involved people that i really connected with and i am basically dead to both now. i want to get better but i have been so fucking lonely and while most people out there have the highlight reel of shit that they have done, i have got next to nothing. i intend on going into conversations with people talking about positive shit but i have had an extraordinarily boring life and so with nothing cool to talk about, i go to negative stuff in one way or another. shit like trying to get comradery over the stuff we hate, like fuck lockdowns or nickelback is such shit, blah blah blah. in the end i lose most everyone, everyone leaves. then i get all burned out because i am fucking old with my best years behind me and i look at people it is literally fucking everyone people that travelled and done the events and pictures of them holding margaritas.then if i ever try to reach out to someone or meet someone new, it is impossible to couch my severe misery and they fuck off quick because people around my age are married and pounded out 4 kids already and they do not want to hear the bullshit of someone struggling at square one. online dating is an absolute fucking gutter and i waste days upon days upon days trying to get a decent response and even the morbidly obese think they are too good for me. i get ignored by literally everyone. i am in good shape, i used to think i looked good before online absolutely fucking destroyed my confidence and i am very financially secure but i am burning to death and it is taking my will to work, live, move. i will never find those great girls that i had in my relationship again as there is literally nothing out there when you take away the people that do not give a shit about their health, loaded with ugly tattoos, are completely void of a soul, are just online for vanity, or ignore you. i look around and everyone is coupled up and then i get do not make women your goal , some more of this you have love yourself before you love someone else. well, i am a person that yearned to be with someone since i was small and having loneliness instead just makes me wonder what the point is.. tl dr my mind has been filled with so much hate for myself, people, the disgusting selfish hedonistic blasphemous world that it is turning into and the fact that i squandered my youth right away while i am on the outside looking in on how everyone did awesome shit, had loads of friends, did not have to struggle to go on dates. is there even any hope for me? is there such thing as being too far gone?
so first, i have to give some info about me. i am 19 yrs, weed addict since i am 14 and tried almost any drug, got hooked to opioids for 3 years now and since march i am in methadone treatment so i could graduate at school which worked perfectly, i gratuated last week . i also have a psychotherapist and here comes the problem. there were some bad things happening when i was pretty young, one thing was troughout my whole kindergarten and elementary time, the other 2 things happend when i was 12. it really fucked my brain back then and i think it was also a reason why i started taking drugs.it got a little better in the years but since i am 17 i have no motivation for nothing, regret everything i did, my self confidence does not really exist, i am fucking scared of the future and always feel like my chest is out of stone which makes me feel like my emotions are not really there, nothing makes me happy. i always tell it to my psychotherapist but the therapy does not help at all. i got worse and worse and since a few months i cry in my sleep like every 4 6 days, everytime the dream i fucked everything up and my life has no worth or meaning and then i wake up with my face and bed full of tears. also my body feels a little bit numb. i just feel like i cannot have especially positive emotions. everytime when i tell it to my therapist she tells me that i do not have anything and its just the stressed months i have been trough, with methadone treatment and everything. but it makes me feel so fucked up, because i feel like i am crying over nothing and other people are way more fucked up in the brain, so that i do not have the right to say that i feel bad.i thought maybe i have a little depression, but self diagnosis never helped anyone and i am not a expert, so i can only believe her.also i do not want to play down depression, because people can really suffer extremly bad from depression, and it feels like if i would say i have some kind of disease, it would be disrespectful to the people who really suffer from mental illness.i really do not know how this will develope, i am just so scared it gets worse and i just cry about nothing, because yeah my therapist says i am only a little bit stressed, not ill. its just that its such a long time now and i want to get better. so here is a short explanation if you did not understood what i meant my therapist says that i am healthy and have no mental disorder, and yeah because of that my symptoms i described are not treated and it just gets worse and i feel like i am a hopeless case, because i am just like a weak person who crys because of so small things, others would laugh about it. i really hope i could point out what i wanted to say, i am not a native speaker so just ask if you do not understand something or what my problem is. its just that i cannot really describe it how i feel.stay safe and if you read till here this really means much to me. i do not know what is wrong with me
i do not know about you all, but i feel like absolute fucking garbage. opening my eyelids today was like fighting a tidal wave with one arm tied behind my back, getting up off the couch was like climbing mount everest with one lung. i truly just want to lay down in the dirt and let time bury me slowly and peacefully, like a rock being buried by erosion over 100 lifetimes.what i do know is that when i feel this way, when i feel the universe weighing down on me and dragging its weight behind my feet in the shackles of my own soul is that there is only one way to get the love back we must give it away.people like us have such a hard time seeing the cup half full, being grateful for what is present instead of grieving what is not. we have such an innately hard time absorbing love from the world around us, and that in turn causes us to be handicapped in redistributing that love with the world.that does not mean we are truly weak tho. in anything that means we are strong. you woke up today. you are reading this. you are fighting this problem today better than anyone else ever could, you are the most you that you can be, and that is a blessing. it means we are destined. to be beacons of light emerging from our darkness and our hardships. we are meant to show others that no matter what, no matter how hard you feel, no matter how much blood you have bleed or tears you have cried, you can still get up and live and love this life that we have been given. each breath is truly a gift as much as it is a burden, even when our clouds are dark give thanks that we have the time to hunt for a place where the sky is blue. you woke up today, and i thank fucking god that you did. i love you.the only way to feel the love on days like this, where i just want to fucking die, is to give the love away. i have learned a few weird things in this ridiculous experience i have had on this fucked up rock hurtling through the cosmos, but the most true of them is that for all the things that are good, that bring joy and happiness, that cure ailments and carry fortune of the the soul, in order to keep these things that save us from the worst of the world and from ourselves, we must give them away.this means even in times of hardship, when our mental bank account is in the negative, the only way to keep the money flowing is to spare some change. i know this sounds ridiculous and crazy and pointless, because it is a cold cold world. trust me, more than most people, i know. but trust me when i say that love, the only cure to this ailment of ours, is the only currency that pays you back as you spend it. we are not bottomless pits, we are bottomless pots of gold that are waiting to be spent.and for that reasonon this day todaywhere i feel like fuckin garbagioi want to say to each and every one of youi love youim so glad you are hereallah mubarak lahgod bless you allit is a good day to be here with youpass it on, my dudes. only way to get better bless
long story short i have been chronically ill and depressed for 17 years. i have never claimed disability even though i was probably eligible for it. i have worked on and off over my life but had long periods of unemployment due to health issues.4 years ago i returned home to my parents after living away for a few years and life fell apart. i had been home for about 6 months and my mental health was rapidly declining. i had not worked, i would finished a long term relationship, i would come back from a very different life and and i was lost. i decided to claim universal credit job seekers and get myself back on track. but my mum had had some inheritance money from my grandparents sitting in her account for many years and she decided to give it to me just before i claimed.i did not realise but there was a threshold for claiming that i now just exceeded, literally by a few hundred pounds. and i was not eligible to claim because of it.i have now been at home for nearly 4 years. i have been in a living nightmare. my mental health has fallen apart and i have been at absolute rock bottom including regular suicidal thoughts and tendancies. i have not worked this whole time and barely do a thing. i have sought help for mental health but i had the most awful traumatising experience and had all my 17 years of chronic health conditions disputed and was told i was not depressed and just needed to take responsibility for my life . i was literally laughed out of the room after saying i was very close to suicide especially on one occasion. i am now 37 and have thrown away the last part of my youth. i have been beyond utterly miserable and lost and ruined my and those around me's lives.it dawned on me again today that had my mum not given me that inheritance money right then, i would have been able to claim universal credit and i would have been forced into getting a job and i would have been back on track. instead my severe anxiety, depression and health conditions stopped me from being able to make any decisions and i entered a bleak world of nothingness where i did nothing but sit in a world contemplating the pointlessness of existence, wailing myself to sleep in absolute desperation and feeling like the most worthless piece of meat ever to exist. why did i just not give the money back and claim again. it would have forced me into a world of normal ity and i would not be where i am.i simply cannot take it and every day is a nightmare. nothing seems worth it. i have no joy and everything seems pointless. i cannot believe what i have put myself and my family through. i do not think i can ever get over this and i am still just as trapped and unable to move on in my life. i am balling my eyes out now and i wish i would never existed.please, i need some words of help. having major anxiety at realisation and rumination from my past 4 years of miserably wasting my life, lost, and doing absolutely nothing. need calming down please.
long story short i have been chronically ill and depressed for 17 years. i have never claimed disability even though i was probably eligible for it. i have worked on and off over my life but had long periods of unemployment due to health issues.4 years ago i returned home to my parents after living away for a few years and life fell apart. i had been home for about 6 months and my mental health was rapidly declining. i had not worked, i would finished a long term relationship, i would come back from a very different life and and i was lost. i decided to claim universal credit job seekers and get myself back on track. but my mum had had some inheritance money from my grandparents sitting in her account for many years and she decided to give it to me just before i claimed.i did not realise but there was a threshold for claiming that i now just exceeded, literally by a few hundred pounds. and i was not eligible to claim because of it.i have now been at home for nearly 4 years. i have been in a living nightmare. my mental health has fallen apart and i have been at absolute rock bottom including regular suicidal thoughts and tendancies. i have not worked this whole time and barely do a thing. i have sought help for mental health but i had the most awful traumatising experience and had all my 17 years of chronic health conditions disputed and was told i was not depressed and just needed to take responsibility for my life . i was literally laughed out of the room after saying i was very close to suicide especially on one occasion. i am now 37 and have thrown away the last part of my youth. i have been beyond utterly miserable and lost and ruined my and those around me's lives.it dawned on me again today that had my mum not given me that inheritance money right then, i would have been able to claim universal credit and i would have been forced into getting a job and i would have been back on track. instead my severe anxiety, depression and health conditions stopped me from being able to make any decisions and i entered a bleak world of nothingness where i did nothing but sit in a world contemplating the pointlessness of existence, wailing myself to sleep in absolute desperation and feeling like the most worthless piece of meat ever to exist. why did i just not give the money back and claim again. it would have forced me into a world of normality and i would not be where i am.i simply cannot take it and every day is a nightmare. nothing seems worth it. i have no joy and everything seems pointless. i cannot believe what i have put myself and my family through. i do not think i can ever get over this and i am still just as trapped and unable to move on in my life. i am balling my eyes out now and i wish i would never existed.please, i need some words of help. having major anxiety at realisation and rumination from my past 4 years of miserably wasting my life, lost, and doing absolutely nothing. need calming down please.
tw deathi honestly cannot grasp it. it is my boyfriends step dad, and i knew him personally. i am waiting for someone to just tell me haha it is a prank! they are actually just staying somewhere else for a while. i knew this person who passed away. he was an abusive emotionally too drunk to his wife. i am so used to being scared of who is opening the door, and that if it is them what are they going to tell, what are they going to do? i am so used to locking to door in case they come into the room and break something. i am so used to worrying about his wifes safety. he isolated himself in his workshop. he was the only person other than his son to have the key for it. today, i was out with his wife, and his wife's friend, and one of her sons she as three, and one girl . we went to go get tabs and a license plates for one of her cars that was not in use and did not have plates because her husband took them off. her husband took away her keys to her main car, and bank cards. he let her keep the capital one with 3,000 limit, but it was used so maybe like 1,500 800? when we came back to the house, and went to the back of the house near the shop there were police, and an ambulance. his son found him after checking on him, since we told everyone he isolated himself on the 4th of july. his mother said he is no longer alive. we later found out he must have been drunk he had no food in the shop, had tons of alcohol, and stayed in there for two days, plus no water , slipped, and fell on his head, bleed out and died. after this, everyone was more lively, and his kids were not worried about anything. yes everyone was sad, but his kids were more social. when he used to be around they would not come out of their rooms except for dinner. the two kids who have rooms down stairs would stock up snacks from the kitchen when he was around, and stayed in their rooms since there was a bathroom down there. the other two kids would do the same, and only come out to use the bathroom that is it. his wife did not love him, and did not want to be with him, we were planning on getting a ofp, but she did not wish death upon him, only to get him away so he cannot emotionally or physically harm her. i still have a feeling he is out in the shop, or that i am dreaming. i cannot grasp this is real either. i still feel like he is going to go back and forth from the shop and the house with a bottle of sailor jerry's cradled in his arm, and yell at his wife that she is a piece of shit, and that he hates her. but, all of this abuse has now come to a stop. she can now progress with her life, and find someone who is a lot better for her. i also feel like i am not allowed to cry, because my mother said i cannot feel sad for the death of others if their not family. i kept blanking out when we came to the back of the house. the scene of everything happening. for the first time ever, i experienced someone die in my life, and i felt what it is like.
summary i felt great but then i called the cops on my friend for sexual assault some nsfw which they took extremely seriously and i do not want to go to court. then my cat died and i am in pain. i think my friend filmed my family in the toilet, there is lots of evidence to suggest he did. my mum told me not to call the police but i am stubborn and ignored her, i thought i was doing the right thing that maybe him being on record would help future victims and that if he has any content uploaded they could find it. the police interviewed me and i told them how he used to send me porn and how i think it might be connected due to the genre. at that the police seemed concerned and went outside to contact the sergeant. they said him sending me porn was another offence they would need to investigate. i panicked and insisted it was not a big deal that i was not bothered it was just a joke, i just thought there may be some connection. they said they need to contact the cid and that this is really serious. i am so scared, i cannot go to court, i have serious anxiety and depressive problems. all i wanted was for them to tell him off basically and put him on record, not this. this has gone way too far. before the police left the constable told me i was doing the right thing and that i was brave. i do not think i am though, my friend could go to prison because of me! i hate myself so much right now. later on my mum was driving me home and she told me my cat died. she was hit by a car which killed her instantly. i sobbed the whole way home. my mum kept her in the freezer and i needed to see because i was having a hard time believing it. she was cold and curled up like she was asleep. i sat there stroking her fur and crying. i feel like its my fault. we moved to the city near a busy road and since she kept escaping we decided to let her go outside. i was told i could send her to live with my father but i said no because he was abusive and mistreated her so i thought she would be safer with my mum. i moved away recently and could have brought her over but did not. i said the roads might be busy but i was far away from the road. and now she is dead. its all my fault. i loved her and i am never going to see her again. and you know what is weird i actually felt really happy a few days ago, like really happy and confident, i was energetic and laughing and dancing about. turns out that was the day my cat died which i did not know about. the next day is when i called the police because i felt so confident like nothing was going to go wrong. its like i am not supposed to be happy, like every time i think i am on top of everything a string of things go wrong somehow. i thought about killing myself just to end it all so i do not have to deal with more loss or with going to court. i want to live and i want to be happy but i am so scared and do not think i can do it i really need help right now because everything is going wrong
i have felt this way for 6 years now. i feel so permanently stuck in this depressive, hollow, empty life. i have become so numb to everything that it hurts to think about how much i have changed..i tend to keep myself from relationships due to my emotional unavailability from depression because i will know that anyone i date will just feel ignored. i do not want to hurt anyone and do genuinely care about people, even if they do not care about me.i am terrible at explaining my emotions and i apologize ahead of time if this sounds jumbled and repetitive. when i was 10 i was raped. as a male i was pretty much ignored because my attacker was female and it sucked. losing 2 loved ones to cancer, my dad had a stroke, and my mom was unavailable because she had to take care of my father. when i finally told my parents they supported me fully and took very good care of me to get mental health support. my life has been pretty much existing day to day. not living, just existing. i feel completely numb and have spent most of my days begging to god for something to change, pleading that my life will be better but it has not. i have tried several coping skills for depression but they always seem to be temporary and never last no matter how long i use them.over the years i have been officially diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety, ptsd and adhd. all of which culminate into a bundle of nerves and depression that desperately wishes for the touch of others yet is too scared to let anyone near him or get to know him. my friends that do genuinely know me and care for me have stuck with me for years and i have never been more grateful for anything in my life.my sister is my best friend and she has helped me through so many issues that i could never repay her for. i feel guilty for venting to her sometimes though because she has her own issues and she does not need more to add to her pile.most of my day is spent sleeping, eating, and reading or playing video games on the occasion where i feel even remotely alive enough to do so.i have never self harmed or attempted suicide and never plan on it for the sake of my family and friends but that does not mean i do not wish i did not exist sometimes. i hate myself for what i have become and worry every single day that i will become nothing and end up somehow more worthless than i already am. i know i am intelligent please do not think i am bragging i promise you i am not , and that is the worst part. i know i have potential, but i am so downtrodden and depressed that i have no motivation or drive to accomplish anything. my love for history and geography is something that i cling to, because i do not have much left.so here i am, here is all that i am, and i do not know what i am doing anymore. i mind feels so permanently foggy and confused that i cannot even think straight anymore. i am in this constant daze and i just want to think right for once. numb
i am forgetful i blame myself for everything in life and i feel that it is my fault that i am like this, plus i cannot even get over the reason on why i am deppressed because i do not even remeber why i was in the first place,i feel unmotivated and dead inside i keep telling myself that i will be ok but is that really true?, i do not think that i am deppressed because i still laugh and talk with my family and i still watch funny memes to boost my confidence so i always doubt that i am deppressed, what makes it worse is that i am indecisive and can never make a decision unless my parents make it for me,i feel so useless like i cannot do anything for anyone, i feel this way yet i still have a goal to complete school, but i also question that too i say i do not care about anything but yet i care about my education, now that i think back i do not even know why i cared in the first place i always thought it was my job as a student to be good in school and i also did it for my parents and for my future, but do i even have a future if i continue this way i do not even think i will have a job, i am also an introvert so i never want to go outside i am sitting on my balcony as i am typing this, i do not get enough vitamin d so i am almost always weak, i do not eat much aswell my parents have to tell me to eat sometimes because i do not even realize i am starving, my depression was bad before i do not even remeber how long i have had it but it seems that everytime i try to make it better it just gets worse that why i feel to just give up and let it take over but then there is also a part of me that still has hope and wants to keep trying, it is so confusing i do talk to my mother about all of my feeling because i think she could relate the most to my situation but it is no use, i watch videos and try to think positive thoughts to help me get through life but it always revolves around this simple question why ? why i am i like this? i am always the type to ask questions and i always overthink things that should require too much thinking, but the worse part is my selflessness i always care more about others than myself i have been like this my entire life always wanting to help others and make the world a better place and i hate myself for that, i hate myself so much i hate that i am the one who wants to be this way and i hate myself for worrying everyone around me, i just want to dissapear but i know that will just because sadness for family if i committed suicide so i will just wait for natural causes to happen such as being hit by a vehicle for being kidnapped and killed, that way my parents whouldnt blame themselves for my death, the sad part is i am only 12 just going into highschool i feel as if i am mature and i am 15 but once you look back on it i am only just a tween, i do not really have anything else to say just wanted to speak my mind i hope you all have a wonderful day. my symptoms of depression
i have had more downs in my life than ups to be honest but the main core of this situation was and still is because of my parents' we were taught to respect them and love them because they were the ones who raised us and put a shelter over ours heads . for me these last two years were absolute hell and it was not because of the pandemic but there are several reasons like 1. i am pretty smart and got into med university by the age of 17 and because of the amount of stress and trauma i had to deal with i failed2. after failing my parents gave me a second chance to reenter the university and i took it but i was so unhappy that i chose not to do it and went against my parents simply because i was severely depressed and hospitalized due to psychological pains like constant chest pains and i could not breathe3. my parents were not supportive of me. they were supportive when they where showing off to their peers or friends and my dad told me you are nothing but a disappointment and you embarrass us wherever we go i was highly discouraged4. i still get yelled at and pretty much am verbally insulted and was told i cannot do shit in life because i am a complete failure. i really hated when my dad used to tell me you are going to be a doctor so you should know this . the only thing i know, is that i really really hate you and this hate adds up even more daily.5. i have this new opportunity where i technically can go to another country and go to university there and my parents will not be able to come. i feel so restrained and so closed in like in a box and i suffocate so i feel like i should say fuck you to my parents and leave but i do not know how well i can deal with myself there too6. technically they killed all my dreams, what i could have became and they took my dreams and crushed it and are the most negative people i have ever seen in my life and i do not even want to look at them. i know it is unethical to hate your parents but do not blame the ones they do because some parents clearly suck and i even told them you should have never became parents or i wish i was never born i did not ask to you to be my parents my parents makes me want to kill myself and have suicidal thoughts and i cannot take it anymore. they do not know how to communicate at all and they have zero empathy and funnily enough my parents hate each other and themselves as well weird how they have to reflect that on me too. i was an innocent kid with big dreams. i was not born to be insulted like this, they are the fakest people i have ever met too. acting like they care about me in front of others all the fake hugs and such and ask me why i do not ever let them to hug me it is because i hate you and i do not want to see you. i do not know what to do anymore...should i leave to another country and do not see them again? it seems pretty huge but i cannot deal with this kind of toxicity anymore.. it feels like it keeps getting worse
so while i was looking at instagram, i encountered such post. saying if you look at for peoples thoughts, way of acting, needs and such you are not emphasizing with them you are experiencing trauma. it kind of hit me, i just feel quite anxious these days, not only looking out for peoples expressions and pretty much i feel paranoid about what people feel or think about me. i have gained weight these days and my family just like to slap it to my face, making fun of me mirroring their inferiority. which worked actually. i just am so ducking tired of trying to give weight, even i do not really want to, i am literally having thoughts about what if i was fit like a model, i do not look the best anyway, maybe if i have a fit body, and such thoughts. every ducking minute while i am on social media, i see ya think being woman is easy videos. i indeed liked myself yet people in those things comments just keep apologizing for what they have been through. i apologize that happened to you, that just so sad. i now keep looking out for someone staring at me, what if they desire me but i am underage, my hair, my clothes, shorts i want to wear but what my family thinks what other people think, just everything. i just feel anxious. my parent even try to say bad things about me sleeping half naked, what if a burglar were to come, going out and what if someone we know sees your outfits. be considerate we like like you, we want to protect you. my country is just so ducking in bad state that i feel like i might get assaulted or die anytime. feminists? they are just obsessed with how they are addressed, i do not call myself feminists not because i hate woman, first its name is just stepped on already and i think in order to qualify as woman you need to be doing something not sitting on your ass replying to not all my comments. i have yet to meet any active feminist. in a very sexist place i just have these thoughts what if i wear what i wantdo i have to do this because i am a womani do not fell safe anymoreim tired of my lifeim tired of always thinking about who looks at my fat ass, who wants to kill me, who hates meim just tired of seeing all assaulted woman making me feel like there is no way i can resist.i am just tired of being compared to peoples standards i like you, but i think you would look better if you were thin said my momi just want to be alone do my chores because they are mine not because i could do both. i just feel inferior, i really do want abs but the moment i said i want to workout of course my mom told me i am a girl, i want 6 pack i said i want to be fit again and then she said okay. why do i need to be this suppressed and oppressed and at the same to need to cope with my future how shit economy is going. i just want freedom, and equality. i am just ducking tired. sometimes i just understand it and be so null, and like a wave these daily problems just hit so bad. like a wave
tl dr chronically bored, if that is a thing. i am doing perfectly alright. if i look at my life from the outside, i would say i am kind of an easy going overachiever. somehow i have cracked the formula to breeze through my academic and professional life with the least effort. this effort i am talking about itself is not out of laziness or arrogance not completely at least , but out of sheer boredom. i guess i am making this post because frankly i have got nothing better to do. somehow my uninterested ass always seems to get decent friends who look out for me and call me to fun events. i do not blame them a bit for it because they know i would do the same for them. but i do not fucking enjoy anything beyond a point. it is always been like this and always will be. for a long time, i, like an idiot, thought that i must be super smart. maybe that is the reason i do not relate to anything. this juvenile line of thought, thankfully, ended when i came across smarter, more hard working peers in college and the workplace, who put me right in my place. i am digressing a bit. so soon i figured out that i am just an average, arrogant dumbass whose arrogance got cured a little bit in a healthy manner. but that led to the next question. then why am i still so bored? i have tried various things to help with this. forced myself to work on projects, forced myself to go out, forced myself to do relatively well and heck, i have even forced myself to a healthy lifestyle of vegetarian diet, daily exercise and meditation. do not get me wrong here, i did see some proper benefits out of all of them, but soon my old curse of sensing routine got into me and i eventually stopped. that is still fine. i know i will get back to doing good things again soon when my brain gets it shit right its cyclical , but again, as you may have already noticed, i know i will get bored. so what do i do? i have changed academic tracks out of boredom, changed routines out of boredom, heck, i even changed my professional track out of boredom. i have done open mics out of boredom, unashamedly hit on girls at the bar out of boredom, came up with a serious start up plan too, thanks to boredom, lol. right now, i think i might just take up exercise again so that one day i can go rock climbing. but that engagement will also be momentary, sadly. i will probably do one easy rock and then come back to my routine bored self. perhaps, i will take up photography when i am 45. get a fucking harley to get away from my wife and kids not there yet, but probably will be owing to normal human routine , but soon get bored of the harley and dump that poor shit. so ending this shitfest of a post, let me say, i am probably not depressed. i am definitely not lonely and i am definitely not a very good writer either lol. just was in a bad headspace right now so made this post. thanks to any kind soul who read this whole thing. i am doing alright.
i get into argument with my mum almost everyday and the reason is because of me i don t intend to start a fight but i always some how manage to my mum ha no tolerance for stress and that s why she is so sensitive to argument because she ha been through a lot from me and my dad i hate to admit but i don t like to be around my family my younger sister doesn t even like to live in the same house a me because of my toxic behaviour and inability to communicate properly i never wanted to hurt anyone but now i ve become a thorn hurting more and more and i have seen my decline over time with how much more severe thing have been in home my mum ha been damaged so much by stress that she is forced to stay in bed for the rest of the day if an argument unfolds and it wont be long until she ha a heart attack from stress unless something change when i go out with friend s once a month or so i m quiet and there is never any trouble caused and i m able to have a break from reality for a few hour until i go home and face stress again home drive me insane and i hate it because i m around people i can t get along with but i never wanted it to be this way but i made it like this my only peace is when im asleep alone or outside with mate and thats not enough to keep me going over the past year i have changed so much and i don t know what to do anymore i have become emotionless and hollow building up all my pain and sadness inside and not showing anyone except some friend but only the tip of the iceberg i never wanted to be the bad guy but i end up being one because of a mistake i make i myself can t handle stress either so i might not even finish school yet reach college it doesn t help either that i don t want to go to college so my mum will kick me out of the house to go live with my dad who ha been severely affected mentally by drug and is deranged my mum say i m exactly like my dad and he is a horrible person i don t know what there is to live for in life i m hurting everyone around me and who know how long it will be till my friend cut me from their life depression is horrible and i will never wish it upon anyone because it is like a wound that re open deeper and deeper everytime it close to being healed i hate life and hate myself i don t enjoy anything and hate school so where will i end up if i survive school i don t know and it scare me because time is ticking faster than i want it to i am going to commit suicide in the end whenever that time arrives i have sealed my faith and can t undo my bad the tunnel is getting darker for me and worse is to come i waited long enough for a sign to keep going but i never received one i m a burden on my family and a selfish soul that doe not deserve to exist only i can save myself but i gave up a long time ago how do i even find a reason at the lowest point in my life if anyone read this thanks for taking a moment out of your day to hear my pain
tonight i do not want to live anymore. i have no intentions of hurting myself and know enough about psychology to understand the lies depression can tell us to push us to the edge. i know self harm, however tempting it is, is harm that self loving me would not let pass, and i know she is the one to listen to, she is the part of me that i elected president of the big decisions club.but it does not change the fact that tonight i do not want to live. it does not change the fact that i do not want to wake up tomorrow. i wish i could just check out of my life for a little while, take a vacation from the pain in my body, from the pain in my brain and in my heart. from all the fucking culpability. forget about how my pain pains my loved ones. or how i feel ungrateful feeling like nobody helps me. i am frozen, petrified in this neverending depression but nobody calls that psychologist and take an appointment for me. nobody comes and help me clean my place because i just cannot. nobody just takes me for a drive to the countryside so i can experience real silence and feel like i can finally breathe. nobody actively does anything, takes control of any part that i try to grasp at but fail.i am invited over everywhere though. come fit in our lives for awhile. experience how it is to be alive, have a life, do things. i know you have sensory issues and that right now feeling like shit like you do, just a whisper is sometimes too loud, but hey whenever you feel better and want to come by my busy life, just tell me. whenever you feel like you can take in how i live, please come see me. just how the fuck? is this how it is? i feel utterly, completely alone. surrounded by suggestions of activites, by invitations, by 'just come by and we will have a family bbq with 4 different people there' when i have trouble being with my fucking self tonight. when i have enough trouble deciding what to eat that i decide not to eat. when all i need is someone just passing by and deciding everything for me for an evening. 'what makes you feel really good and then let us do that tonight' type of deal. i do not even dare to ask, because how entitled am i to ask someone to put their life on hold for me for an evening, for a weekend, for a bit? to take me by the hand like a kid. to do things for me, a grown ass adult. they have their own lives to figure out. so many things to do around their house, alot of projects, plans, obligations. their hands are full with their own plate, and here i am whining because they will not take mine for an evening. ungrateful, ungrateful.i know a diary would be a better recipient for the content of my bag tonight, but maybe a stranger telling me that they feel me, and that a burrito style hug is all i deserve, maybe that would make me hope that tomorrow will be about burritos and silence and will make me go to bed wanting to see the next day, just a little bit. i am okay, but
feels kind of weird posting about this on reddit, but if it helps then i might as well.i am 16 years old, depressed, and was diagnosed with tourette's syndrome at age 6, along with being tested for autism multiple times none of them came back, and i am fairly certain i am not on the spectrum, or at least not noticeably and asperger's once. i had an abusive stepfather for about 9 years, from when i was 3 to when i was about 11 12. i have just finished my gcses, and i am waiting on my grades. i have always been a high achiever, always been placed on gifted and talented lists, always used to bury myself in science textbooks and documentaries. back before i had access to the internet, my education was almost a coping mechanism. still, now it feels like a lot of other people deserve their academix success a damn sight more than i do. compared to a lot of people on this subreddit, i should be incredibly lucky. but i do not think my luck can be much worse. i am in a friends with benefits type relationship with a girl that i have loved for about 2 years, and we still love each other, but i used to talk to her about all of my depression and suicidal tendencies and now we have got a strict rule that i cannot talk to her about it anymore. which tbf is for the best. that does not mean it does not hurt though. i guess my main problem is that i feel isolated almost all the time. even in a room of people i feel like i am alone. sometimes even when i am with her. back when i had that abusive stepfather, i remember sitting in my room, in a corner, too afraid to leave or even move until my mum came home. i have grown up since then, but on the inside that is still how i feel. i have gone through countless friend groups who do not give a shit about me, i have only ever found three or four real friends yet i feel awful telling them about anything i have experienced or i am feeling. i tried to tell my teachers that they were putting me under too much stress, and then they decide to tell my mum, when i asked them not to. queue me being treated like an alien for weeks. i have written countless rants, suicide note drafts, sad monologues, and it is getting tiring. the suicidal stuff gets terrifying sometimes... i have a massive fear of death, but i do not want to keep on living in this kind of world. i am not always suicidal, and to be honest today has been a really good day for me. but it is not like that makes it go away. sometimes i am scared of what is going to happen to me in x amount of years. in fact, that is pretty much all of the time. as i get older, i start to realise that my childhood is slowly slipping away from me, and that i should probably enjoy what is left of it as much as i can, yet... i do not think i have ever really enjoyed my childhood. i am going to stop there, since i would be here for days otherwise. if you made it this far, thanks for reading. typing into the void.
i started making youtube videos last january. the videos sucked at the time i would click on and then click off my videos and the views would go up id honestly think i was on to something but then i looked at my watch time duration why is it so low and why is the ratio of views to comments so uneven its crazy. then it was then i realized i was farming my own views and posting it on my ig story to make it seem to people like i was winning this is the honest truth. after then i decided i do not want to put on act i want to actually succeed make nice content so that people would actually watch so i started making cod videos they were not anything special but they got some attention by some i mean sometimes 20 sometimes a 100 and sometimes people would actually watch over a minute which is bad but i wanted anything i was good with anything at the moment. but then everything went down hill id skip school work sometimes to upload a video and it would do terrible as in 2 views 0 views and that broke my soul but! i still did not quit. now mind you i reached a hundred subs four months after i started in all honesty a lot came from sub for sub. so when i reached a hundred subs i made sure not to do sub for sub ever again as i had wanted to build a fan base on the way to the top! so from the end of may to the end of 2020 i was stuck in the hundreds video after video flopping. at this point its december i got into a huge fight with my brother so he took away everything he bought. but i wanted to succeed on youtube so badly i spent my last money on new equipment i would drop videos all the time despite having school yet they would still flop but i still kept going. my little brother would break my headset id buy a new one because i did not want to give up, my dad would take away my console id still hold out hope my videos would floop id still hold out hope. now this is march 2021 college semester ends in a month so its hard to upload getting less than 20 but still going! now my little brother breaks my tv so there is no way we could play. so i go awhile without uploading but i was gaining subs tremendously the videos of kakarot i had dropped a year prior that flopped when i originally put them out were going crazy reaching thousands of thousands of views i gained a bunch of subs from there and now i am very close to 200 i decided to buy a tv following the end of the semester and grinded out the rest to 200. and ever since i gotto 200 its been so hard its been a month since i got a video over ten views my little brother keeps breaking my headset and my idiotic self who is chasing this fake vision keepsbuying new equipment in hope that would id someday be big have a huge fan base and entertain people and make their day better. i do not want pity i do not want you to sub i just to know if i should keep going or should i accept its not meant to be should i accept it or keep going
just found out my dad is emotionally abusive and controlling after not seeing him for 6 years. i contacted him in the hopes that he would let me stay with him so i can get a job in massachusetts since i don't like living in texas with my mom who is also abusive. i've been texting him and he keeps demanding respect from me and said that me saying hey to him through is disrespectful and that i should call him sir, even though he says hey to me whenever he calls me, he thinks he has power over me despite me being 18. he's currently renting and moving to an apartment in gloucester massachusetts with his other family members for us to live in, i bought a mattress and a bed frame on amazon and shipped it to his address there, today i asked him if he could take another picture of my mattress since it arrived a few days earlier and he blew up at me, asking me why i don't trust him because my bed is already there and telling me i shouldn't disrespect him. considering this interaction its pretty easy to tell that he would yell at me for the smallest thing if i went there, it wouldn't surprise me if he hit me too, he's like the last person i could rely on and it turns out he's just an angry piece of shit. althought i should blame my mom for being a whore and cheating on her husband with my dad and bringing me into this hell. everyone around me, even other adults and therapists tell me that i need to forgive her because she's my mom despite her beating me since i was younger for no reason, watching me get sexually assaulted as a child and making me believe this is all my fault, ive been trying to be open minded but i cant help but believe that christians are all fucking disgusting pigs that shouldn't exist since my family is full of christians who do what they do for god . i bought a rope a few days ago in hopes that i'd have the courage to hang myself, but i'm scared, my birthday is in 5 days, would it be better to try it then? i might cause permanent damage to my throat if i fail, have ti be hospitalized but its better to try, then i'll have the courage to end it all completely, if anyone knows a good place or forest in fort worth texas where i can hang myself without anyone coming to my aid i'd appreciate that, although i doubt many are gonna read this. i'm kinda desperate as well cuz i said that i was going to kill myself to a suicide hotline person out of anger lol, although it's a good thing i used a fake name, but if they arrive to my house and figure out it's me they'll throw me in a psych ward again, instead of the person who ruined my life, i don't want know if i want to go to massachusetts anymore, i just can't take any of this seriously anymore. i had another account where i'd make posts begging for someone to kill me or r pe me, in hopes that some deranged human being would agree, but i've had no luck. if you want to motivate me to end my life please dm me.
i spent 2 hours writing a post on here until my phone glitched and deleted it all. then i realized i was over sharing amp decided not to type it all out again. it was good therapy venting to myself anyways.7 months ago my newborn son passed away, 2 days before his 1 month birthday. he stopped breathing in his sleep, spent 9 hours at er amp then passed away in my husband amp is arms. i thought i was doing better but these past few weeks have been miserable. i was told prior to conceiving him and after 4 miscarriages that i had pcos and probably would never be able to conceive or have a pregnancy success. i found out two days before mothers day 2020 that i was having him amp i named him after gabriel the messenger of god. he was the most amazing thing to ever happen to me and the most beautiful thing i had ever seen in my life. i wish every day i was the one who died instead of him.i am only 20 years old, yet i feel as if i have been through so much. i feel like god is punishing me in my life and i can never be happy. i do not understand why he had to cut short the life of a beautiful baby. i cannot eat, i am always tired, i am always reliving the moment my husband runs into our room screaming hes not breathing.every night i fall asleep to images of what i think he would look like now. i am trying to conceive again to no avail. i want to be a mother so badly but no other baby will be like him, and my body will not cooperate regardless. i do not want to kill myself but i feel like i have nothing to live for anyways.he saved my from a severe eating disorder amp addiction. he made me grow up and turned me into a woman. i moved out, i got my shit together, my husband and i got married so my baby could have a happy home.i will never get to see him take his first steps, say momma for the first time, get to give him his first taste of sugar. i was so excited to take him to the beach, i bought a swimsuit that was several sizes too big so he could wear it in the summer. its in his closet with the tags still.i sleep with his onesies in our king size bed. i wish it was him instead . i do not know why i am posting this, i have had reddit for a long time and have never made a real post. maybe i am looking for people to relate to or maybe this is a cry for help. i do not want to die but i want something to live for and i want a sign that my baby is okay amp watching over me. i wish i knew for sure. i think this whole experience has made me more religious because i know he was too pure and perfect to go anywhere else other than heaven and i hope one day i will finally be okay amp get to see my boy again. if anyone knows how i can move on or find some peace i would love to hear it. thank you for reading this amp best of luck on your journey to happiness. i have not found mine yet but hopefully i will feel that joy he gave me again. tw i cannot get over the death of my baby.
i will preface this by saying that usually i try to take on this image of being a provider protector, solid as stone, cracking jokes, always happy to help, respectful as can be, rational, and so forth. typical manly man type of stuff that i was raised to internalize as markers of my self worth. but man, if there is anything i want in this world, it is to be cared about. i want to be loved, and i am sure i have someone in my life that does but if so they do not really show it... i have a bunch of surface level friendships with people i cannot just text and talk to or ask to hang out. i have one friend but she is now in a relationship, with a guy that i have become great friends with in recent times, and out of respect for him and their relationship i try not to vent to her as much anymore like we mutually used to, plus i feel like a bother. i am no softy but i wish i had someone that i could just be vulnerable around and not only be cared by, but care for. i am moving in about a month anyways so it makes no sense to try and get into a relationship but the new job i am starting will make it very difficult to start a long term relationship. i wish i had a cuddle buddy if anything. totally non sexual, uninvolved, but just someone that i can turn on a movie with and snuggle up against. maybe fall asleep. i feel totally pathetic writing that but it could not be closer to the truth. it seems that all i am really good at is getting angry, being angry, and feeling like an asshole when i know i am anything but. i am 99 sure the reason for this is that my dad is mostly a good guy, that can get really angry, but only when someone is being beyond stupid or inconsiderate. i guess i rationalized this as being mad being right, and if someone pisses me off, out of all people, it must be for a good reason. it is really just me being on a power trip for a short moment because otherwise i feel incompetent at most shit. i think i just like being mad because it gives me some sense of superiority, and also because deep down, i am just secretly a lonely, hurt man who is tired of having to hide his emotions.i guess i will end it off on some good news. i love running. there is countless trails i run on that no one else really goes on, so i just leave my phone at home or in the car, and just go. i feel so free. and at the end of each one, there is always a beautiful view waiting for me, so i take a break and just kind of stare off and appreciate it before heading back home and enjoying my short lived runners high. i am also pretty good at basketball and enjoy playing it. that is really the only time i am happy most days, otherwise it is just constantly checking my phone to no new texts, and playing video games and patiently waiting to head to bed just to not sleep. to whoever reads this, thanks, and i hope all is well. thanks for letting me rant. i just need someone to hold me.
i am alone and i mean it, i have not left my house besides work for 6 months i am 22 years olds now but when i was like 16 21 i was major manwhore and an a tad bit full of my self thinking i could get any girl i want. unsurprisingly i ended up with the same type of people like me i mean these kids lived everyday of there lives with 2 goals let us drink or smoke and let us get some p y. so when i turned 21 had a family issue that resolved but was so fucked up i wanted to go to therapy just to vent and talk to someone that was a frat bro with the iq of patrick from sponge bob. while there i brought up the fact i am bisexual and when i was 18ish i finally understood why i was a man whore because i was scared to accept who i am and i was even more scared of anyone else catching on. so the only way i can 100 make sure not one thinks i am bi was to show the world i get it girls, after many sessions and a few months fly by i am therapist got me to understand that there is nothing wrong about what i am and asked me if i was ready to come out of the closet because by this point i was so deep in it i found narnia. i said ill think about it i am not really sure.later the night i was laying in bed and was half asleep still thinking about should i come out etc. i just said f it and posted it then crashed. i woke up the next morning to find all my friends calling me a fa ot and my family basically cutting me off. while there was a massive amount of support from randoms on my face book, my friends and familyruined all of it. i was kicked out of my friend group completely they blocked me and kicked me out the group chat because i snapped out when they called me a fa ot and my family told me that i was an embarrassment and told me to go change my name because i was no longer part of there family. in one day alone i lost everyone i ever cared about and that hurt but what hurt the most was realizing they did not care about me because if its been like 6 months, no contact form any of them. my birthday was 8 days ago and my mother did not even call. i have tried to make new friends i found someone who was not homophobic as fuck and we always hung out and shit played xbox but now that its public i am bi he was labeled as a gay guy destroying his reputation and he was constantly bullied and laughed at causing him to stop being friends with me and i truly do not blame him.i did not post this for sympathy so i am sorry if it feels that way, i just needed to tell someone and vent all this sadness and anger i have. i feel like i am invisible yes i am alive and okay for now but i am slowing sinking in to the abyss in front of everyone but no one can hear me so matter how loud i scream. i cannot believe 2 words to fucking words i am bi can because so much pain how one day and 2 words can drop you off the cliff so deep you cannot even see the light. i do not think ill ever get out
let me start by saying i am in the same boat a all of you i wish i could help you all but i can t sadly about me when i wa 9 something clicked and i started to view the world a a negative place the realization of not being able to form genuine friendship my friend dying and my father not really being there for u this sent me into a depression which i am still in today i won t lie i think about suicide quite often but i control myself by distracting myself with other activity instead of letting the thought get to me all they are are thought and they have become a coping mechanism i have gone through a few therapist and psychiatrist too although i stopped my ssri and adhd med when i wa i then became quite angry knowing there is no escape the day blended together day after day rotting away i became angry with myself and others and became very angry at others and closed minded in no way am i telling you to do anything i wa in a funk this winter and a friend of mine happened to have a gel tab of lsd and i asked to buy it later that night i took it and hopped on discord with a good friend of mine who also ha some of the same stuff going on a me and ha done mushroom so we relate well it wa unexplained the most beautiful feeling i have ever felt to explain it for someone who hasn t done psychedelics it the feeling that you are part of a bigger picture and that every moment ha lead up to this you are loved i am you and you are me i am still having a hard time putting it into word i laughed the hardest i had ever laughed and then realized what life is and started to get in my feeling and cry i cried for a while and hard too and then i thought the situation wa funny and started laughing again because i know wherever i end up i will make it and that life is such a beautiful thing not to be wasted or taken for granted i then went on to trip more time on lsd and twice on mushroom i am not saying go do psychedelics but for me they have done more than ssri ever did for me in the course of a night the feeling of having a clear place in the universe and being able to question with such a reduced sense of fear is amazing the feeling of going with the flow and seeing where life take you is a liberating feeling we were put here to love one another not kill ourselves and waste potential here are my final thought do your research before doing any psychedelic because if you take ssri it could mess you up real bad also i truly believe psychedelics are the way of the way of the future i still have depression yet it is a lot easier to cope with and feel a sense of calmness instead of absolute terror about whatever you are facing know that whatever is bringing you down i love you and the universe doe too you were put here to serve a a part of a much bigger picture just a small piece of a puzzle learn to love yourselves and others and peace will come to you in all aspect of life
it consumes every moment before it s present. every thought before it s thunk. every emotion before it s felt. every plan before it s made. every goal before it s met. it even consumes itself. it mostly consumes itself. feeding off of itself yet never failing to sustain. it s a cloud of rain reminding you that it s ready to pour if at any moment you decide to enjoy the sun. some days are all rain. some days the cloud just lingers, never letting you forget that it s there. it s always present. it refuses to be ignored. it reminds you to stay locked inside so that you never end up getting caught in the rain again. it reminds you not to make plans so that you won t become disappointed when the rain washes them away. it reminds you to be content in your small space and to be thankful that you re protected by the safety of four walls and a roof. it s suffocating but it s safe. it s confined but it s familiar. there s no room for growth but at least you ll never get lost. at first, people in your life may offer you an umbrella. but you know the umbrella can never guarantee you ll stay dry. even when locked away inside the rain will at times find it s way to you. staying inside is the best way to minimize your risk. the rain is too much. you can t be disappointed by the things you never achieved if you never sought to achieve anything to begin with. you won t have to blame yourself for being subjected to the rain if you don t step out from under the protection of your small roof. if from time to time the rain still manages to make its way in you can at least take comfort in knowing it was unavoidable, as you did everything you could to avoid doing anything at all. it multiplies. the more you think about the rain, the more clouds appear. but again, it will not be ignored. the multiplying is inevitable. the more you dread the rain, the more rain comes. the more rain comes, the more you dread the rain. it s a never ending cycle. it multiplies itself until there s no longer room for anything but rain clouds and one day you ll forget there was ever anything but. it washes away everything that once was, everything that is and everything that will be. every moment before it s present, every plan before it s made, every emotion that wasn t born from the rain and every goal before it can be met. serving as a constant reminder to stop expecting more than rain. eventually you won t even remember the sun, which in a way may makes the loss of it easier to bare. but while it cleanses your tiny world of everything that can be seen, heard, felt or thought it never washes away itself. it s always present. it s impossible to ignore. you have become the rain. i ve never written anything like this before so i don t know what what type of literature this would be referred to as, but i wrote this to try and describe how depression feels to me. just thought i d share. edit typos
male 21 years old you may not be able to understand all of this as english was not my first language.i should have lived my life happier. i choose to be alone because i always thought that you can do everything even by yourself. i ignored my friends, kept pushing that i will be ok by myself. father left when i am just a child. mother who worked too hard to the point where it feels like i have no parents. i got bullied when i was a kid and it made it hard for me to approach others. even my own brother bullied me. it started when i was 8 years old. bullying only stopped when i got to senior high school 17 years old. got called weird by my classmates every time. i went to different school just so i can start again but it only made it worse enough for me to attempt suicide two times. high expectation of relatives became stress and pressure for me. i had some who i should have talked to more or socialized with more but because i do not know how to, it ended with me not being able to respond making it seem like i am ignoring them and that is how i still have no friends. i always wear this fake smile on my face to not gather the attention of the teachers when i am at school. no one noticed or no one tried to ask. i tried getting help from a psychiatrist but it is not going that well. i just cannot explain why i am feeling sad or empty. i watch anime sometimes to provide myself temporary happiness but makes me feel more lonely because i have no one to talk to about things i like. i tried to befriend others but i end up talking too much and they get weirded out by me. all of this made me not want to go outside my house and made me feel like others judge me whenever they look at me. random people i do not know why but i am scared of others stares. i do not want to be seen. i just want to disappear. i wish i could turn back time and redo all my mistakes to correct them. i wish i tried a little bit harder to get help from my relatives when i needed them. i wish i was not bullied. i wish i choose the right path that leads to happiness. will i be able to finish my game?i always get punched. they always call me names. they steal my things. they always get away with it. when i tried to get help they told me to just ignore them and it only made it worse. things that i tried to do i tried overdosing on pills but my mother saved me.i tried not sleeping for 4 days and it was extremely boring but i have no one to talk to and no one cares about me so i can do whatever i want to do with myself.i tried cutting my wrist to death but was to scared of the pain. blood looks pretty. i cut myself everyday just to see my blood and feel the pain of the cutter going through my arm.i tried to get run over by a car but they just stop and scold me.i tried to find a high place to jump from but failed.i bought rope for me todayend of my lifetldr life sucks i want to not exist my life
i am someone who has struggled with low self esteem, perfectionism and passiveness all my life. but i always put it away, finding escapism on the internet or things like a fandom. not thinking about those insecurities, not thinking about myself. only thinking about how things might be better in the future, but not thinking about me in the present moment. i am good at putting on a smile and feeling fine for a moment and sometimes i can feel good when being more active , but somehow i think i not only tricked others but sometimes also myself. but honestly are you really okay when you are spending hours and hours doing nothing a day? not doing anything? and just hating yourself both outside and inside? just somewhat existing but that is it. i have only had two therapy sessions so far to cope with my negative self image and compulsive tendencies , and it is like finally it clicked with me how unhappy and lost i am. no you are not fine just because you are not suicidal. it is hard but i think i am getting to a point where i am realising that i am fucking insecure and that my life is empty. maybe realising this will be a turning point.every summer i feel incredibly lonely. while everyone is off having fun, i basically let two months pass by like it is nothing. i work, but other time is spent scrolling on the internet. jealousy of others having fun comes over me, but i know ultimately it is down to me never asking my friends to do something, i think because i am afraid they really do not want to spend time with me in the end. i can be social and outgoing when i am in class, but once i come home i feel empty and i spend the rest of my day on my own in my own head. lately i have really come to terms with the fact that yes, i fucking struggle mentally. it is like every summer i realise that yes, i do feel fucking lonely. i have friendships but they are superficial and i never really know how to voice my insecurities and thoughts with them. i miss meaningful friendships in my real life. i have lost friendships and it is totally due to my own lack of assertiveness. it is not that i did something wrong, but i just did nothing . i do really hate myself for certain decisions i have made and not putting more effort in my life, but i also do not know where to start.it is like finally i am realising for myself that i am lost, i do not have it all together and i do not have to pretend i do because i cannot keep fooling myself. i am disappointed with myself and i am not really coping with how unsatisfied i am with my life. and it frustrates me to no end that i see people being busy and happy but that i feel constantly as i am missing that one thing that can make me like these people. i want to change so bad and be better, live normal ly. but i do not know how. it sounds weird, but i am done pretending to be fine and accept my depressive feelings to work on them .
hello to whoever's reading this. just a little something about me hi, i am noah i am 15 years old. i live in a place outside of a city called manchester in the north west of england. i do not have any hobbies, i just sit in my bedroom all day. bored wondering if this life is even worth living anymore. where i live is dull and depressing. i live in a small box house, shit weather nearly all year round, it is not particularly clean. people do not seem to have a smile on their faces at all. my parents are both clueless and do not understand how i feel when i gain the courage to come out to them about my emotions. the old activities i used to do no longer interest me. gaming, photography, going to watch a football team called manchester city play, going on walks. i sometimes drink or cut to relive some of the pain but everything just seems black and white. everyone else's life seems so much better than mine. everyone seems to have hobbies, success, wealth, loving and understanding parents family, very rare occasions where they are in a bad mood.my girlfriend farrah has helped me through my depressive episodes.just a little about her she is 15 years old. she lives in the us, tennessee. in a huge house with a large, loving supportive family. her and her family is full of success. she has hobbies like basketball and softball, she is very sociable and understanding, she is going to the best high school in her state. she is very lucky to live the life she has but i think she just takes it for granted. she is so precious and beautiful. she is perfect to me. she is the reason i am still alive today. sometimes, possibly due to my depression at an instant i can just turn off even at little triggers or at random sometimes. i feel my emotions can sometimes hurt her due to her living such a perfect ideal lifestyle. she already had a car by the time she was 14 so i guess that puts it into perspective how amazing her life is. we both live in completely different areas, we are opposites in personality so i just sometimes think she does not understand what its like to be me. when i cut myself. it hurts her. when i drink. it hurts her. when i talk to her about my emotions, she says it does not hurt her but deep down i feel it does i do not want to be the one ruining her mood or life when it is absolutely perfect to me. i do not want to spoil that for her. i just really need help. i cannot stop worrying about how i am possibly affecting her. i need to find ways to stop making shit so boring, i just need help because i do not see myself living any longer with these kinds of emotions affecting me. i need a way to find the colour in life.thank you for reading if you made it this far. sorry if this did not make sense or if it sounded rushed. i just wanted to get it out there and for someone to listen to. thank you. why is everything so boring, dull and meaningless?
so, some back story. i am 27 f and this person 23 m , my younger brother i believe has threatened me during a very heated verbal fight. for our entire lives, he has smashed walls, kicked walls, punched walls, broken things, all the time. he stomps the floor when he hears people walking past his room because it pisses him off and smashes the ceiling above him when he hears his family, including me walking around upstairs as he works out downstairs. he constantly always has had rude responses and is always extremely disrespectful and demeaning when someone is trying to just be civil with him. i have ruled it out over the years and he has abusive actions. he shows silent treatments, holds you accountable for your weaknesses. there is never any wining against him. he has destroyed most of the house. we get in heated fights often. today, i left my room as he was getting ready for work to see what he was up to and i proceeded to tell him to cleanup his dishes in the kitchen and to clean them because i was sick of cleaning up after him all weekend and this is where it began, he freaked out and told me i do not do anything, meanwhile i cleaned the house all weekend, cleaned after his mess he leaves on the counters. i proceeded to tell him to be respectful towards me. he proceeded to tell me i am a waste of space i do not deserve to live home and i do not deserve anything and that whenever someone asks him how i am doing, he tells them i am a bitch and a piece of shit. he then told me, i deserve what is coming . i am not sure what this means but it is scary. he does own a shotgon he keeps laying on his bed with rounds and he said he is soon buying another rifle. i genuinly did feel threatened and scared, i often do around him, i often get thoughts he is going to swing open my door and shoot me in the back of the head. he has no sense of remorse or sympathy whatsoever. never answers my phone calls or texts. someone please give me your insight on this. do you think i was threatened? also, yes i am very much old enough to move out. i have struggled with ptsd my entire life and have recently been struggling with extreme anxiety and depression. and i am slowely trying to get out of an extremely hard and dangerous time in my life of self harm. this situation makes it extremely difficult to better my life and be happy, i cannot be myself here. he has always put me down for my insecurities and my past of not eating and being scared of life. he tells people i am a horrible person because of my ptsd and my weaknesses and calls me a loser. it is extremely hurtful. i have been sitting here texting a friend just trying to relax and be okay. i just do not know what to do anymore, whenever i do move out, i want to get a restraining order against him because i do not want him apart of my life anymore. i think i have been threatened by a family member i live with
i broke up with my so and honestly i think that wa the last thing keeping me from wanting to end thing and it felt like it came out of nowhere without even a chance to fix thing i feel so alone i barely have any friend left everyone from high school moved on everyone from college moved away i ve always had trouble with friend and every time i think i make them they get stripped away or i just become a periphery friend who never get added to the group chat i feel incapable of functioning a a normal human and i can t handle being alone my job is remote so i can t even make work friend i can t be completely by myself day a week it feel like solitary confinement i got an adhd diagnosis recently but my therapist doesn t even talk about my emotional issue they just focus on if the medication is helpful it is i don t know how to ask for help with anxiety and depression my family ha been distant and i don t know how to talk to them about this stuff my mental health always got ignored growing up compared to other member of my family even though the adhd stuff wa super clear in retrospect because of the adhd i ended up a shell of myself a a coping mechanism and that drive people away every relationship end badly or shrivels up and dy i m failing at my job and might have to quit or get fired because i m week behind my pet is dying i didn t renew my lease because i thought i d be moving with my ex to a new city so now i don t even have an apartment for the fall and potentially am still moving there because i need to get away from where i am right now and i have a lease i could sign which is definitely not the healthiest choice and there s some really bad trauma that i don t even want to mention here that alone could drive someone to feeling like this when i told my ex how i wa feeling they ignored it even though they were the first person i ever told i felt that way i ll make sure to tell them it isn t their fault but to be honest it definitely added to thing i don t even need them back i just wanted someone to help me get the therapy i need literally everything in my life need to start fresh and i can t do it i don t see the point why start literally everything over when you re haunted by the ghost of your past and will end up doing the same shit i m not ugly dumb or out of shape but if my personality just stay so shitty and i can t fix it what s the point my building ha a th story roof i can get on i m gon na climb up and jump off when i get the courage i have some text already written out telling people it isn t their fault i set my bank up to donate to a local animal shelter i cleared my browsing history and threw out anything weird from my apartment i went up last night but only didn t do it because i got cold the only thing stopping me is how awkward the funeral would be and the pain i d cause my parent and honestly i don t think that s enough
i can t think of another reason why i am the way that i am, can you guys share your experiences i m on medication and i do all the things people recommend, i got a bike for university so that i d stop being sedentary, i try to keep my room clean and i even force myself to go out with friends and socialize. but i realized i don t enjoy socialization, they say humans thrive on socialization, but i don t feel that i do. people feels like a chore for some reason i never really miss my friends or miss going out with them. every time they ask me to go out i make up an excuse and humor them and on the rare occasion i did go with them i would go home early. they will try to prolong the outing as much as possible. maybe have a couple of drinks and play video games late into the night but i genuinely can t find it in me to wanna be around them and it isn t about them as people they re actually very sweet and accepting wonderful people. they are kind hearted and patient and one of them even cooks for us sometimes it isn t about them. i m not sure what s wrong with me but i just can never seem to enjoy being around people it s supposed to be healing to be a part of a community to feel like you belong, to go out with friends and to get out of the slump you are in. a lot of people tell me it s not good to lay in bed all day or to be in inside your apartment, watching youtube and movies and playing video games alone but i genuinely feel that i don t have the same functions that other humans do i don t have the thing that makes me want to be around others. it just isn t an emotionally fulfilling experience. i don t feel the need to be around other people and whenever i do go out with people, i look forward to just going home and relaxing and finally breathing and doing whatever i want. i m not sure why maybe it s a personality clash? maybe i just haven t found my people or someone that really understands me to the point where i would find their company enjoyable? i m not sure all i know is i ve never really had a friend that i wanted to spend that much time with if it were up to me, i would go weeks maybe even months without ever hanging out with friends even though i know it might be better for me mentally if i m around people and put myself out there and meet new people as well but i genuinely do not crave human presence in my life and the happiest or at least the most content i ve ever been is when i m alone reading comics and drinking coffee in my bed. it isn t like i don t want to have friends i really do, when i have friends i just don t really see their presence or company as a priority or a need in my life other than a conversation every now and then i never really seem to want to spend my free time on them. i ve been like this my while life even during middle school. anyone else? you guys think it s depression or just extreme introversion lmao
hey guys.first of all i wan't you to know that if reading about people recovering is something that puts pressure on you or triggers you in any way better stop reading. i know that back when i was severely depressed i did not want to hear from people that got healthy again because it made me feel like a failure because i could not seem to get there. it is totally fine if you ignore my post. i am just looking for advice from people that have overcome depression to hopefully find out that i am not alone with this. i got diagnosed with severe depression back in january 2018 after already suffering for 3 months without knowing what was up. i got on meds and into therapy, went through many ups and downs and finally went back to university in june 2019. then in january 2020 i finally felt like i was completely my old self again, stopped taking my meds and going to therapy.the pandemic hit and of course it was hard for me to be back at home with myself after i was finally back out living life after almost two years. but i still think i managed it quite well. down days were only normal down days once you have had depression you really get the difference between being down like a normal person and being down like a depressed one and they passed usually within half a week or so. but now to the reason of my post they do not seem to pass lately. it is been over a month of me not feeling good. in the sense of i get sick a lot not sure if you know what i mean...it is actually being physically sick but knowing that it is rooted in you not wanting to get out of bed if that makes sense? i do not feel like meeting my friends and often cancel, saying i have to study even tough i do not really plan on studying anyway. i do not seem to see the fun in things i normal ly like and if i do it fades quickly. i also do not sleep well it is been a long time since i slept through a night. and of course the classic i often feel useless and sad, even though i know that i have many people in my life that love me. so i know many of these things can be symptoms of depression. i also know that many of these feelings are also common in people who are not depressed. my problem is that i know how i was when i was depressed and it is not that bad now. so i do not think i am depressed again but it still worries me. i am just scared that it will come back actually really scared. because i do not think i have to tell any of you it is hell to be depressed. has anyone else experienced this? i know statistically it is not likely that i will have another episode. or does anyone have any advice for me? i am sorry if my post is confusing, i just wanted to vent somewhere because it is really hard to explain any of this to people that have never been depressed and also i do not want my family and friends to worry as long as it is not that bad... i am afraid of becoming depressed again
long story short. i had have an alcohol addiction that led to my now ex breaking up with me last month june . over the last 7 months leading up to the break up i quit drinking, entered therapy and started taking medication because i did love her and wanted to be better for her. she always asked if i hated her which was never true. i loved her more than i can describe and constantly questioned myself about why i was actively pushing her away. i could not stop myself. the truth was that i never hated her its that i hated that she loved me which i will never understand. during the month of the breakup june i started and quit a job that i actually enjoyed due to two very toxic old men who were miserable and bitter. i sent one of them a nasty text due to his petty response to me quitting. i woke up the next day after quitting the job only to find out my now ex is seeing someone else which led me to wonder if she had been fucking this guy every time she went out of state to visit her grandmother. she would visit her grandmother out of state every six months or so. i had doubts trust issues but doubts remain doubts unless there is evidence. i managed to find a new job within a day of all of this happening and quit that job tonight after my very first shift because i did not think id be a good fit i tried to trick myself in to thinking i am changing or becoming a better version of myself but the truth is that i feel more lost than ever. i have told women in the past i loved them but i did not really love them. i just did not want to be lonely and relied on them to make me happy since could not find it within myself. i met my now ex and was head over heels. i wanted to be better for her and for myself. i just could not trust her or allow myself to be vulnerable. i know i have been depressed due to my lack of interest in wanting to do anything, sleeping more, eating less. i feel myself shutting down emotionally but i am trying to fight it off and i am losing. being sober has been difficult for me because i have to confront all of the shit i actively ignored for the last 2 decades and i do not know how to handle it. i wake up everyday wishing i died in my sleep.as much as i want to end it i am too afraid of death but i am also scared of living. i feel like a broken watch stuck on the time doomed to repeat the same mistakes. i have no purpose, no drive, no hope, no faith. i feel broken and i do not know what to do. i feel like a monster. i feel i deserve to be punished for everything i have ever done and everything i did not do. i have no friends, no partner who i can wake up next to every day and no future. karma has a way of showing you who you are. i feel like my only purpose in life is to project my self hatred and anger on to others and i hurt them because of it. so what is the point? i feel defeated, weak, unable to succeed or be normal .
long story short. i had have an alcohol addiction that led to my now ex breaking up with me last month june . over the last 7 months leading up to the break up i quit drinking, entered therapy and started taking medication because i did love her and wanted to be better for her. she always asked if i hated her which was never true. i loved her more than i can describe and constantly questioned myself about why i was actively pushing her away. i could not stop myself. the truth was that i never hated her its that i hated that she loved me which i will never understand. during the month of the breakup june i started and quit a job that i actually enjoyed due to two very toxic old men who were miserable and bitter. i sent one of them a nasty text due to his petty response to me quitting. i woke up the next day after quitting the job only to find out my now ex is seeing someone else which led me to wonder if she had been fucking this guy every time she went out of state to visit her grandmother. she would visit her grandmother out of state every six months or so. i had doubts trust issues but doubts remain doubts unless there is evidence. i managed to find a new job within a day of all of this happening and quit that job tonight after my very first shift because i did not think id be a good fit i tried to trick myself in to thinking i am changing or becoming a better version of myself but the truth is that i feel more lost than ever. i have told women in the past i loved them but i did not really love them. i just did not want to be lonely and relied on them to make me happy since could not find it within myself. i met my now ex and was head over heels. i wanted to be better for her and for myself. i just could not trust her or allow myself to be vulnerable. i know i have been depressed due to my lack of interest in wanting to do anything, sleeping more, eating less. i feel myself shutting down emotionally but i am trying to fight it off and i am losing. being sober has been difficult for me because i have to confront all of the shit i actively ignored for the last 2 decades and i do not know how to handle it. i wake up everyday wishing i died in my sleep.as much as i want to end it i am too afraid of death but i am also scared of living. i feel like a broken watch stuck on the time doomed to repeat the same mistakes. i have no purpose, no drive, no hope, no faith. i feel broken and i do not know what to do. i feel like a monster. i feel i deserve to be punished for everything i have ever done and everything i did not do. i have no friends, no partner who i can wake up next to every day and no future. karma has a way of showing you who you are. i feel like my only purpose in life is to project my self hatred and anger on to others and i hurt them because of it. so what is the point? i feel defeated, weak, unable to succeed or be normal.
no intro, straight to the message on this one. i had a dream the other day. i was in a tall building with my parents, we all went to an event like a wedding or something. we were laughing and joking on the parking lot. we go upstairs on an elevator and get to the event. for some reason i had to go to the parking lot again, so i took the elevator again. the doors open on the first floor and i just see this beautiful young woman around my age with the most beautiful energy that i have ever witnessed. i did not knew her, but i needed her, no more and no less. she smiles to me and i smile back and i start a conversation with her. we both needed to go to the third floor for some reason it was that specific floor , but the elevator did not worked. i asked if we could walk together and she smiles and says yes. we talk for what i felt like minutes but in reality we have spent a couple months together! i could just not believe it. we still not found the way up so i said to her hey, what if we just go home? she thinks about it and says yes. o know were both scared but we still start going to the exit and we go to the street as we head home our home! we open the door, and our families are meeting each other because we were just married. i speak to my parents and she tells me to go to the bedroom when i am finished. i end up talking to my parents so i am headed to the bedroom, and she tells me to chill for a while with her so we cuddle in the bed. then she tells me to check on you are daughter just in front of the bed. i check on her and she is the most beautiful thing i have seen just as her mother. we cuddle again. and there is when it hits me it was like i have had the titanic in the chest. i have realized that i had as much as i could ever asked for. i had a beautiful wife, had a daughter, a home, family i was happy, i had peace, i felt a fulfilled life. and just as i cuddle with her, close my eyes and tell her that i love her so i could be happy forever i woke upmy smart watch detects my sleep. i checked out as usual and during the rem phase my heartbeats went extremely lower than usual and i could not breath. this dream, this dream specifically almost kills me. i think it was the last part, i was going to simply give up. i had everything i wanted, i felt fulfilled as i always wanted to.i think there was a war inside me in that moment. the part of me that wants to give up ve the one that will do whatever it takes to survive for something better. and i almost lost. i am not sleeping with the watch anymore soto anyone reading this if i lose this battle against myself, do not worry for me because i was happy and fulfilled. in my last moments i experienced love, satisfaction and the peace that i needed for so long. i am with the ones that i am missing on this earth, catching up and taking care of my loved ones even from far away. if i die
i am an extremely introverted homosexual boy of 18 living in an extremely homophobic, judgemental society where gays are subjected to be killed if they ever come out, so i basically have no future other than living a lie in fear, hiding my feelings forever and never getting to love in my entire life. i used to be a very bright student who scored all a grades during my secondary education but ever since i started my high school, my grades have been drastically dropping because i am depressed all the time. i come from a big family with a history of bright minds and all my cousins, siblings and peers are all extremely well performing, meanwhile i am being a disgrace to my family. the pressure on me is immeasurable. i basically have no other talents, i have a weak, skinny body and i am not at all good at any sports either. in my attempts to search for something i am good at and as an attempt to hide my sexuality, i started going for basket ball practice with some boys because i found the game compelling , but only felt a burden to them and the only one who did not show any improvement in months, so i quit it. i do not even know what my career would be and what to try for even if i considered to live an unmarried life which is again risky because i will be constantly judged . my social life is also non existent because i have just 2 3 friends who i talk to, and not one of them is close enough for me to share any of these with. i tend to distant everyone because i fear they will know my truth. i am also very insecure about my looks and my body so i have ceased to go out whatsoever unless necessary. i was also bullied back then at my hometown for having a feminine attitude until i got extremely sick and my family had to move to the city for better treatment for me, and ever since i have refused to return to my hometown even for a vacation. that said, i am also a sick person with a weak immune system and my family pays too much for my health care, for my studies etc and i do not think any of it is worth it. i also recently did a huge mistake, which is dating a girl who confessed to me, as an opportunity to change hide my sexuality or in case someone is suspecting i was gay, only to hurt her due to lack of affection from me. i could not bear hurting her anymore so i broke up with her, but could not give a good reason for it, and it turns out she still loves me to this day and is constantly getting hurt. my siblings, parents have no idea what i am going through and often mocks me and jokingly comments on how i am good for nothing, not like other boys, ugly, etc. so i often avoid interacting with them either and isolate myself in the room for most of the time of the day. in short i am an ugly good for nothing living a lie in fear with no future yet with a lot of pressure on me. thanks for reading. i did not have anyone to share this with
hello everyone i just want to share a quick post with you all anxiety is such a disabling state to be in it crushed my life for some time causing a series of tragedy in my life i wa able to cure myself completely of all anxiety forever because i did it i know all can do it it take mental sacrifice and self discipline first i found that anxiety is closely related to thought thought of the past and thought of the future i sat in silence for a long time watching the thought the emotion that came with it until i realized that thought do one thing they take you out of reality reality is now now in this very moment a thought carry a tag with it a tag of past or future something will not go right in the future for you something terrible may happen how do i avoid this impending disaster what will i do i found that when these thought occurred nothing terrible wa actually happening to me we are only imagining something terrible happening it is almost like daydreaming it is not real further it go against reality the future is not here only now is here whatever now is for you maybe this laptop a screen a wall an iphone in a car that s where you really are bring yourself to the present moment where you are always real true and safe similarly with the past it doesn t exist now i know you will say it doe but when you think of anything in the past you are imagining it now remembering is imagining it is a thought if you don t believe me go in the mirror look at yourself and tell me if you have any past hanging off of you do you see it anywhere do you see the future anywhere or do you just see yourself now a you are safe in the mirror thought are not you they are seen by you and you have the power to simply ignore it if it suck you in become conscious of the now where you can bring yourself back to safety lastly i found out the greatest truth in the universe through spiritual contemplation meditation stillness and surrender i found that this world and my body are not who i am that i am the light that shine on all experience the light that illuminates thought and even illuminates my body my identity shifted behind me to the great mystery of life i now know that whatever happens is not under my control in life i am just the light and this light embrace and becomes everything in the universe aye the universe is contained in this light and we are it therefore whatever may happen to my body to my illusory identity it totally fine because i have always been here and will always be here so will you because it is all one thing you can not be told this or learn it you just have to find yourself or rather lose yourself your identity your belief it is a process of humility humbleness internal poverty and surrender become nothing and you will find that you are everything that ever is wa or shall be you are all safe everywhere blessing and love for you all
a lot of us like to self reflect on the past. back when things were going great. when we had friends we cared for and the motivation to pursue knowledge. back when the world made sense, because we viewed it with a different set of eyes. unfortunately, all good things come to an end, and at this point in life we realize that things are not what they seem. all this effort goes towards nothing of meaning. our systems are causing distress, our currency is killing people and dividing nations, while simultaneously providing rich people with a bunch of excessive waste of resources. everything we are told to desire is unrealistic or unnecessary. at this point, happiness has a price, and that price is to turn your face away from everything unpleasant, ignoring the truth. blindly following corporate orders just to go home with a paycheck. this is no way to live.we had the potential to be great. a lot of us used to be intelligent, empathic and happy people. we all had our reasons for giving up, but the point is that we were able to live amazing lives, and i believe that a lot of us are able to do it again. a lot of the people on this sub are young. the competitive nature of the academic world puts great pressure on us young people. this is not a good thing, but the fact that some of us are not fully developed means that there is hope. our bodies and brains sometimes behave in weird unpredictable ways, and the truth is that we do not know a lot about it, even if it might seem like the opposite. at some point, our chemical balance could be restored. we will also learn as time passes, just like any other person, making us better at tackling the tough times. this means that we could get our lives back, although perhaps in an altered way to make up for the damage. i believe that the psyche surpasses everything else in terms of importance. an unhappy human is barely a human at all. it makes us rotten, and the negativity is contagious. it is a tough and unfair battle, so please, listen to yourself before anyone else. if you need a day, a week or even a year to become yourself again, please take the time to do so. life is short, but we do not what it to become even shorter because of the constant despair.finally, let us all remember those who did not make it. these people fought hard against nature and time, but despite their great efforts, life was simply too much. let us not grief about what has happened. let us instead remember that all of these people were so intelligent, loving and caring that the world could not keep up. instead, it trapped them in a dark hole and gave them tunnel vision.keep fighting, stay strong, and do not let nature dictate.no one can promise that it ever gets better. it might even get worse, but you never know what life has in store for you. let us all appreciate the good days that was, and the good days to come.
our control, our fear, our anxiety, our stress... why does it always have to lead to more of them? a plain and simple hi to begin most of this discussion will be off the top of my head and i'll be adding my own experiences. to start, there are situations in life that we genuinely have absolutely no control over. i myself suffer from mdd and struggle with it on a daily basis. i take medication, i try and get out more, i see a therapist and i'm trying to find a job that would interest me. i'm constantly worried about my future and whether i want to continue or not. one thing that happens quite frequently is that i create non existent situations in my head which cause even more stress and anxiety. once this cycle begins, it doesn't matter what it is, whether i have control over it or not, it's a nightmare to deal with this constant stress of anything that may happen. why does this occur? why are we as humans so unequipped to handle these challange? one could say the society we are surrounded by and what is expected of us causes a drastic change in the way we look, feel and think. to an extent this is true, but why is it so terribly exhausting and anxiety stricken to be able to even begin coping with what is going on around us. it's an obstacle i am incapable of clearing, i worry about anything and everything that involves me and those close to me. i'm consistently tired, in pain, anxious, worried and have had this heavy weight on my chest each and every minute of everyday for over 5 years. nothing seems to change, i keep telling myself tomorrow will be different, i'll do this and that and it will all be better. but when the time comes.... i fall short, i let myself down, i let others down and most of all i continue the same cycle over and over again. is this a situation or cycle i've made up to comfort myself as all i know is this feeling of dread and doubt and fear and anxiety, or does it truly exist and hinder me? am i really my own worst enemy? why am i constantly at war with myself? it feels like a never ending battle, i fight back, but i don't fight hard enough. am i even capable of doing so? just what exactly is it that i'm waiting for... an idea, a person, an event or situation in my life? these consist of things i can and can't control... i feel as though i have no control over the majority of these things, which further pushes me to feel as though i have control over nothing. why do we have to suffer the way we do? why are our minds and body working against us? is it not the job of our brain to keep us alive and well? it's supposed to keep us alive for as long as possible, and we even have built in ways of surviving dangerous situations, but when it comes down to the core of it, our brains are what control us. our thoughts, our actions and feelings.... yet its perfectly happy with the idea of us ending it...
when someone asks what do you want out of life, do you respond with qualitative or quantitative objectives? what really brings happiness? what the hell is happiness? each individual perceives what it is differently, your perfect day might be someone is everyday. normal is different for each and every person. achieving happiness is a daunting task, it is fleeting for many. sustaining happiness should not be so difficult, but it is. you being here as a human being is a miraculous thing in itself. you are astonishing. no one knows what you have gone through to get where you are at besides you! you cannot put your happiness in someone else's hands. go out and get your mind right. do whatever calms you. do whatever makes your heart beat a little faster. make time for you. do not give in to toxicity. take a chance on yourself, because no one else will. you have to stand up for anything you want and grab it, hold on to it and cherish the hell out of it. in my 28 years on this earth i have only scratched the surface of what i can fail at, achieve or overcome. i have been lucky enough to have some great role models. i have also been lucky enough to meet people that i would not want to meet again. i embrace these interactions, then i use them to educate myself and move on. i practice patience to the fullest extent, it can be difficult yes, but what does an emotional response really help? whatever it is that is bothering you will not matter in a year. things can always be worse. go out and do things, become better for yourself. no matter how much you think you cannot, you can. you have got this. you will find people along the way that want to bring you down. you will also find the ones that want to cheer for you and those are the ones. those are the ones that you should open up to, find out their passions, cheer for them too. so many people are so lonely and do not want to admit it. even the ones who are showered with attention and social butterfly's, have feelings of loneliness, yet no one addresses this. it gets swept under a rug. for this reason i challenge each and every person who reads this, to go out and ask someone how they are really doing. you will be surprised at the responses, regardless of it being positive or negative, be accepting and understanding. you could change their perception of happiness. one little domino could start the chain reaction of a new life, or a different path to their happiness. i am not sure why i felt the need to write this. i know what i have experienced throughout life thus far. i see life as a mountain, a challenge to get to the astonishing view at the peak. embrace the climb, take a break to enjoy how far you have come already, sure look ahead to see where your going, but also look at where you are, retain everything you are able to.thanks for reading my ramblings just read it.
when someone asks what do you want out of life, do you respond with qualitative or quantitative objectives? what really brings happiness? what the hell is happiness? each individual perceives what it is differently, your perfect day might be someone is everyday. normal is different for each and every person. achieving happiness is a daunting task, it is fleeting for many. sustaining happiness should not be so difficult, but it is. you being here as a human being is a miraculous thing in itself. you are astonishing. no one knows what you have gone through to get where you are at besides you! you cannot put your happiness in someone else's hands. go out and get your mind right. do whatever calms you. do whatever makes your heart beat a little faster. make time for you. do not give in to toxicity. take a chance on yourself, because no one else will. you have to stand up for anything you want and grab it, hold on to it and cherish the hell out of it. in my 28 years on this earth i have only scratched the surface of what i can fail at, achieve or overcome. i have been lucky enough to have some great role models. i have also been lucky enough to meet people that i would not want to meet again. i embrace these interactions, then i use them to educate myself and move on. i practice patience to the fullest extent, it can be difficult yes, but what does an emotional response really help? whatever it is that is bothering you will not matter in a year. things can always be worse. go out and do things, become better for yourself. no matter how much you think you cannot, you can. you have got this. you will find people along the way that want to bring you down. you will also find the ones that want to cheer for you and those are the ones. those are the ones that you should open up to, find out their passions, cheer for them too. so many people are so lonely and do not want to admit it. even the ones who are showered with attention and social butterfly's, have feelings of loneliness, yet no one addresses this. it gets swept under a rug. for this reason i challenge each and every person who reads this, to go out and ask someone how they are really doing. you will be surprised at the responses, regardless of it being positive or negative, be accepting and understanding. you could change their perception of happiness. one little domino could start the chain reaction of a new life, or a different path to their happiness. i am not sure why i felt the need to write this. i know what i have experienced throughout life thus far. i see life as a mountain, a challenge to get to the astonishing view at the peak. embrace the climb, take a break to enjoy how far you have come already, sure look ahead to see where your going, but also look at where you are, retain everything you are able to.thanks for reading my ramblings just read it.
tl dr boyfriend is having trouble understanding i need space to work on my mental health, but always leads the discussions to how he is affected by my mental state. am i the asshole? title pretty much says it all. i have been having a really bad time with my mental health, i am trying my best to navigate it in life but it is very hard. i have done therapy and medications for years to alleviate the symptoms. my bf also has had extensive experience with his own mental health struggles so he is no stranger to it. my boyfriend is my rock, and has been for the 4ish years we have been together. he is helped me through a lot, and i have supported him through tough times too. we got engaged 1 year ago. he is the most important person present in my life, i do not have many people i trust. however, this time around my mental state has been possibly worse than it is ever been since we have been together. the last month it is caused a big rift and lots of arguments. i have barely had the energy to look after myself, and work is demanding for me when i can manage to go. my bf works a lot more than me, and always needs some attention or something for us to do together after a long day. he supports us a lot right now financially so of course i try my best to put in effort. but there are days i cannot manage to do anything at all besides lay in bed or stare into a book instead of focusing on the outer world around me, and he when that happens he gets upset that i do not give him attention or sit next to him on the couch while he watches t.v. at least. i have explained to him over and over, i am dealing with stuff, literally going day by day to try and not kill myself. but it always circles back to, what about his needs? what did he do to make me feel so bad? did i talk to someone that triggered stuff, or did something happen to make the world fall apart??? what about all he does for me? why am i not paying attention to him? am i not grateful? all of this ultimately boils down to our past with issues of commitment, and the grand question of am i going to leave him?? i am trying my best to look after the needs of the relationship but i also need to focus on myself a bit more and my life outside of our relationship to try to not end up hanging myself.... is that so bad?? it is so exhausting... can i not be upset or have a bad day without it totally affecting him as well? i feel guilty for feeling like shit lately. sometimes i think i should just leave so that he will go to therapy and become better for himself, i do not know if that is what i want or if that is my depression talking... i just do not understand or know what to do. i am tired of going in circles and i feel so guilty for it on top of everything. am i being unreasonable, am i the asshole here??? struggling to balance my mental health needs and my relationship
i am currently in a rabbit hole of adhd youtube videos after talking to my girlfriend and her neighbours about it earlier, so naturally, got recommended the videos. everything relates to me on a personal level that i have listened to so far. trying lots of different meds and them not working or potentially making you feel worse, could be symptom of adhd.constantly daydreaming and only feeling normal when you can find something to hyper focus on, then getting depressed when you get distracted. procrastinating everything, from brushing your teeth or going to the shop. doing normal things, like shopping, going for a walk, talking and doing it all as fast as possible.and so so so much more. yes, i have depression for countless of reasons from my childhood, through school, late teens, early 20s etc etc but the depression is not the only thing that bothers me. i hate talking to people, i struggle to listen, i struggle to get my thoughts out, i struggle to understand that millions of thoughts going through my head every second, i struggle to communicate at any capacity and just many more things.i am going to the doctors as soon as i possibly can and i am going to discuss getting tested for adhd and other things. i am tired of wallowing in self pity, people not taking me seriously, tired of not knowing what is wrong with me, tired of being mistreated because no one knows what is wrong with me.adhd is not what most people think it is, the highly active, disruptive troublesome kid. yes that kid may have adhd, but there is so many different forms of it. a quote from a doctor is, if you have seen 1 kid with adhd, you have only seen 1 kid with adhd . i am not self diagnosing by any means, i am just saying adhd makes sense to me, and i am going to go out and see what i have. i know it is hard to get the motivation to do things, but do some self research on different forms of depression, anxiety, adhd and many other things, and find something that relates to you, then badger you are doctor or health professional or whatever about what you think and get tested for it. alot of us have probably been mis diagnosed with a form of depression, anxiety or not been diagnosed at all and we feel like lost causes. i just know there is something wrong with me and i am fed up enough to force myself to go out and pester people to test me, so they can figure it out. it might not be fixable, or manageable, but it may help people deal with me better, and that is better than feeling alone in a room full of people.sorry about the wall of text. just wanted to share my thoughts and probably failing to make sense, but i have tried. let us try and help ourselves to at least know what is wrong, then work on it from there. we might all feel alone, but we are not alone. some people just hide it better or have found a way to deal with it adhd
my depression keeps getting worse, and i want to stop pushing away the people i love. 20m i feel like im slowly decaying. my mind slips i cant remember much anymore, i have no desire to do any fun activities anymore at least not the ones that ive done already which is just about everything . i have all the desire in the world to get better, but no motivation. i can honestly feel myself getting worse each month. i noticed that i become a little more sad and unmotivated over time, and i really cant seem to stop it from progressing. it feels like a disease. my life just feels like im in limbo every day. i wake up, do the same thing all day that ive done a million times this week, then wait until my insomnia decides to let me sleep. at night i get into depressive episodes that lead to panic attacks, which fill my head with intrusive thoughts that i would never think normally. its nothing horrifying or disturbing, but they really bother me. its like the voice in my head wants me to be sad on purpose. the thought that really bugs me the most, the reason for making this post in the first place, tells me to push people away. not really in that exact manner, but i question if i can really feel anything towards the people who are close to me. everyone is normally completely fine, but not during my episode. it makes me feel like a completely different person. it makes me wonder if i really love my girlfriend and if id be better off alone. its similar for my friends. im fine with them normally, but during my episodes, they annoy me and i feel like i want to stop talking to them. but after i go to sleep and wake up, everything is back to normal. i love my girlfriend, and i like my friends. this thought didnt start happening until this month. i never used to want to push people away because ive always been the lonely type who wants more friends, and i always hated being alone, and i still do which is how i can tell that im getting worse. im just not me anymore, im a completely different person than the one i used to know. the other thoughts are just pessimistic jabs at my future, and general sadness questions. wondering if im ever going to live a stable life, or if im going to feel happy and content ever again, or if i will continue to be a failure forever. i always have to remind myself that it has to get better eventually, and i cant feel like this forever, but most times its hard to convince myself. i cant remember the last time i didnt feel terrible. im not suicidal, i dont have a desire to stop living, and dont even get thoughts about it whatsoever. but these episodes make it really difficult to be a living, functioning person. i need to know how to stop thinking this way when i start to feel hopeless. i know i probably need a therapist or psychiatrist to help me professionally, but im afraid of them.
i do not have any energy left, waking up from bed feel like a chore. i am an emotional mess nowadays, crying at times and other time, i just feel numb. i just lost my appetite. i always wanted to be a doctor, but i did not got a medical seat in the entrance exam, so i joined the engineering college which i never liked in the first place, but i did not wanted to waste another year in repeating the medical entrance, so i joined the engineering course. i never got along with my teachers, as i was a student who came to the college via intercollege transfer from another engineering college, they never paid attention to me or helped me in the subjects. at the final year seminar, they purposely cut short my internal marks in that seminar. i had enough of that, they had already caused enough hurdles to me in those 3 years i had been there. i decided to not pursue that course. my 4 years of my life has been wasted. i sat another 3 years doing nothing. i was already depressed about not being completing the engineering course. i spend the next 3 years mourning about it. i sometimes feel like to try again for medical entrance one last time, but i do not have any energy left as i see my school friends has achieved a degree as well as a job in all these years and i am at the bottom trying to reach somewhere in life. also, a lot of friends had been married or engaged and here i am 26 and reached nowhere. i feel like a utter failure. sometimes, i feel like if i get a medical seat, by the time i complete it, i would be a 32 year old and who would marry a 32 year old woman in a conservative country, unless a divorcee or a widower with kids. on, the other hand my mom, is pushing me to get married and looking for grooms in matrimonial website for me, as i am ancient according to her as i am 26. even, when i told her a thousand times that i am not mentally prepared to get married nor i like to live with in laws she never listen to me. it makes me more depressed than i am already is. i always pray that i just die in my sleep and never wake up the next day. the only reason, i am not committing a suicide is because i do not want to be born again in this earth if reincarnation exist as i had cut short my life by suicide, then i will be born again to complete the remaining time i would have been alive in past life in the reincarnated life or if a life after death exists and i will not be allowed to meet my loved ones on the other side because i took my own life. i did not believe in things like this, but i came across a youtube channel called matt fraser a psychic medium and whatever i had learned from watching it is this that life after death exist and i do not want to take chances to not meeting my loved ones on the other side that is the only reason i am not taking my life. i feel dead inside. i feel dead inside
i was diagnosed with it early in life, but i have always dealt with it. just as i have gotten a bit older, it seems to have become a more constant, more permanent fixture to my existence.in the past, you could maybe attribute it to this or that, like bad luck or even substance abuse. or even the loss of friends and or family or other traumatic events, but i am years past such events and i have better habits now. plus, out of sheer necessity, i kind of remobilized myself and even got an excellent job again at the start of the year. something i am good at, that i can do well. so, i cannot really work on those aspects anymore. i am legit in all that again. it is like i made it somewhere, but it changed nothing internally.but things i do, none of it changes my utter lack of feeling. my total disinterest in life. no matter the changes i make, things that would be considered and are positive, do nothing to elevate my mood and general outlook on life. whether i am in elite physical condition again or not, or earning good money or not, none of it really helps. it feels really nice to be able to buy something for someone i care about, but every time i get paid, it almost all just goes to my savings. like, i just have no real motivation or ambition. it is like a burnout or something, like just being so worn out from carrying great responsibility at times, for so long.i honestly cannot think of much to buy, that i really want. one of the last holdouts was video games. i have always enjoyed them but lately, i do not really even feel motivated to do gaming of my own. then the other day, a really sweet coworker of mine gave me a really nice compliment, but i just kind of smiled and felt kind of sad about it, for some reason. like, i felt like it was wasted on me and that she would be better off devoting that energy to someone else.and yeah, i do have unhealthy, self destructive thoughts that, at times, seem comforting. i try not to indulge them. it is all fairly dysfunctional at times. i disappoint myself here.it sucks too because i cannot give up. there is not one person on this earth to whom i can run for support. everyone is gone, moved on, or i just blew it with them and they do not want anything to do with me. so, if i do not earn a check, i have nothing. i must continue and it is all just bleak at times, since i would really wish just to go somewhere far away, somewhere dark and isolated. like a sanctuary for despair, which i hate to say.it is just a reality of my life and it kind of sucks that i have not been able to move past it much, despite accomplishing some great things recently. rather, it seems more a part of me, more certainly, than before. anyway, sorry for the wall of text. just i would been carrying these thoughts for sometime now. seems like i will never be rid of depression
i am really tired, i really just want to give up on life, i mean, i will die anyways right? in this world we live in people that are considered losers, people that are not good enough, people that try but fail anyways, will end up being forgotten, because no one likes the idea of people trying their hardest but failing anyways, because its unfair, but that is just how life works, its unfair.my life has been pretty much just me trying to be better, to get better, to improve, i have no talents at all, i am bad at everything, and many will say that may not be true, that talent does not exist, but i myself try to prove otherwise all my god damn miserable life. i tried sports, i was the most garbage player, all my teachers thought i was not trying hard enough, even though i was feeling so frustrated over the fact of how much i practiced and how bad i was at it, so ashamed of myself for not having the talent, ofc my asthma lead up to just me struggling most of the time to keep up with lessons and practices. music? my presentations were the worst, and i am not being negative, i wish i was, because i know how bad my teacher felt for me every time tried to keep up with music. i tried getting better at academics, that was the worst decision of my life, trying to keep up with one of the most difficult my highschool in my country, i failed, no matter how hard i tried to show that i could at least get better at school and graduate from that prestigious highschool, i failed like the idiot that i am. what about art? all my life i wanted to become an artist, but in the few art classes that i had, the only thing i could hear from others was quit doing art, its not your thing , like the ignorant i was i decided not to listen to them, and that lead to just even more disappointments, trying to prove myself, to realize just how much time i spent on something i could not say i was good enough at least, just realizing how everyone around me was right, they were not being mean to me when they were telling me to quit, its that they did not wanted me to feel disappointed of all my hard work, still bad at art, no matter how much i try, i am a failure.rn i do not really plan to do anything, what am i supposed to do? i tried, i failed, i did not give up, but it was all the same, why? were not things supposed to get better if you try hard enough? why my hard work does not pay off? i did everything i could to avoid feeling like a failure, to just realize that that is what i really am, i am tired, because life is not mean for me. damn, even my english sucks, i should really just give up on everything, i know my family is not going to care for someone so useless like me to be gone, i do not have friends so i am sure no one is going to care, the world is better without failures. not anybody is meant for life
at one point i was having fun doing these things. its true that robotics competition taught me useful skills like how to code and build, but i was more obsessed with actually winning than learning. unfortunately for younger me, school teams coaches were focused on ensuring every student learned something and i never had teammates that were super passionate about winning the competition. in hindsight, its not like winning really mattered anyway. now for video games, i do not think playing them is bad until you start playing them to avoid your problems in real life or with the dream to go pro in some esport title. i wish i had realized that before i spent thousands of hours alone in front of the screen honing my skills. i never actually stuck to the same game either, i just played whatever was trending at my school during the time. i suppose i was the best there at competitive, but that is a pretty meaningless title. compared to the rest of the country i am nothing.i used anime tv and youtube as a means to escape reality as well. i did not make new friends in high school and would watch stuff for 3 4 hours a day while maintaining my grades so my parents would not kill me i tried to be a youtuber streamer just like every other internet kid but that takes talent and effort over timei also spent a lot of time trying being a game dev but i lacked the skill. i had a little success trading on steam but i still consider that time wasted because its not a very useful skill.i did manage to lose weight and get in better shape and got into a good computer science program but i have lost my passion for programming and math. its just become a thing i do at this point. i have started to have binge eating episodes and currently am on medication. it seems to have numbed my feelings. i occasionally feel intense despair and hunger but that is about it, usually i feel nothing.i have been to counseling but i just do not care enough to go anymore, what more can they do than say everyone makes mistakes. you are still so young and can make a ton of friends in college. do not compare yourself to others. what even is a friend anyway? also do not really have a great relationship with my parents if you have not guessed alreadyi do not have any skills that can get me paid other than programming. i hope i start enjoying it again soon. i am interested in entrepreneurship but its not the most safe thing to pursuetl dr i wish i was more productive and social as a kid instead of a loner that grinded pointless tasks. also lost passion for current major but too afraid to switch. feels like i am headed for a boring life. m18 i feel like i wasted an unhealthy amount of my childhood doing things that stopped being fun and do not provide any value video games, competitive robotics, and watching youtube tv anime
idk where to start haha... i just know that if i do not vent i am going to go insane... i am uhm... i am holding back tears right now and my anxiety is at peak levels so i feel like i am going to puke... i just... god these last few months were so much better for me... i thought i was getting better... i was not constantly flitting between being a numb robot which calmly enjoyed thinking of killing itself and a girl who was always on the verge of tears, always anxious and scared shitless of her own thoughts... that was fucking terrible and i... i cannot make it through that again... these last few days... with my dad leaving on a trip and leaving me in charge of mom, who is going through an episode rn she has bpd ... and my brother who is older to me but just... does not help... i am still recovering... i am not nearly as strong as i used to be... idk if i can take it... handling mum in her episode all alone i mean... and my fear and anxiety is only made worse by the fact that everyone is on edge about this trip of dad's and they are taking it out on me... my dad telling me that i am useless while also saying things like i am the only reason he can leave and just making me feel like shit about myself... like i am not doing enough... i am trying so hard... i swear i am... i am giving it my all... but rn? i cannot do shit like studying... all of my energy is going in pretending that i am not fucking losing it or fine with this whole situation... so when i am not doing things for them i am playing minecraft... something i find fun and relaxing and therapeutic almost... just... whatever! i know it is a fucking waste of time but really dad? now? you want to tell me that i am wasting time and i will regret it now? when i am already feeling like shit about myself and you know it? not cool... fucking give me a break! i am not the perfect daughter you wanted...i am sorry... i just cannot be that... i mean... who tells their kid who is a just coming out of depression, b just expressing her feelings, c literally is coming out of depression solely because she followed her therapist's advice to express her feelings instead of bottling them up, that she is not allowed to show anger or be upset? who does that?i wish i was fucking kidding but dad said that... because it might upset mum... god forbid mum sheds a tear! me? pshhh let me cry rivers... who fucking cares? oh silently smothering myself with a pillow so no one can hear me cry of course... god forbid mom hears me and gets upset... now if you will excuse me... imma do just that... go smother myself with a pillow and cry myself to sleep... if you made it this far... thank you for listening... seriously... i... i needed to be heard for once... i do not want to go back there again... please god no... i do not think i will survive...
so to give a background of the situation my cousin is in, he is a 15 year old loner who lives in a household where in both the parents are very aggressive and are always under financial crisis as none of them earn. they basically run on financial support given by my granny. he is a very smart kid and i can say he is always loved more by the whole extended family for his smartness although i did not get along well with him during my childhood as he was always getting all the attention and not me, it was my immaturity to not understand that this was more out of empathy and not because i suck!he stays in a different city so me and my family usually meet together on holidays and festive occasions, he had gone very silent before four years itself. we just thought it is a sign of adolescence and he is just not interested in us. we had not met him for like more than a year because we were busy with our lives. since the lockdown he turned worse and he had started showing various other signs like he used to laugh alone and cry alone, lack of appetite and etc. on consulting the doctor, he had ruled out saying that this is an issue of depression and something realted to neurology and asked him to be admitted immediately. that phase where he had gone under medication was very hard because he spoke with long pauses and had saliva drolling all over which was said because of the effect of medicines for the neurological issue he was admitted in a hospital and there was a night where his pulse rate had gone very high because of which they had rushed to another hospital to get a ct scan done apparently the hospital did not even have a ct scan equipment . he was okay once his school started and he kept complaining about boredom and his loneliness because he had no friends , the doctor had advised to stop the tablets he was taking for sleep which i assume to be anxiety pills . his behaviour has taken a different turn now, from being like a tortoise in a she will to a more violent kind of behaviour and i just received a call saying he was about to beat up his mother. i am genuinely worried after hearing all this! i feel so angry about the lack of awareness of mental health in my country and him not having a right channel to help himself. i am going through issues of my own and am just worried wether this is more than depression and the doctors not looking in the angel where they suspect him of bipolar disorder makes me even more anxious. i do not really trust the doctors treating him, my family does not agree with me! i really do not know what to do. to be frank i am just worried i might lose him! if there are any psychologist in this subreddit, please as to what you think he is going through and how can i help him! i have a cousin suffering from depression and i do not know how to help him
this has been a theme in my life since the end of school at 18. big changes scare me, but mostly make me feel really sad and empty. when school ended, friends moved away, life routine changed completely, and i remember feeling a big void in my life depression for a few years after my bachelor experience was not fulfilling and my social life did not progress much .eventually in 2019 i got an internship and hated it for a couple weeks again the fear of change . i was wrong. it turned out to be the best thing that had happened to me in years, i got a first work experience, had a routine again, made a great friend and loved the people there. after 5 6 months though it was coming to an end again and that same feeling of emptiness crept up. i started my masters degree in a new city and again was scared and unhappy for a while. again, i was wrong. my first semester was good and i made a few decent friends, but did not go out much. the pandemic happened and that was honestly mentally fine for me since there were not many expectations and i was able to talk to school friends online and got great grades started to deepen my friendships in my new city. 2021 was socially fantastic for me since one of these uni friends has become one of my best friends and i care about her a ton. there were a lot of stresses this year including writing our thesis and job search, but i consider those positive stresses. me and her had those two things in common and we would go for drinks hang out all the time to motivate each other and talk out any problems in our lives.i finished my thesis and therefore my masters degree assuming i pass 2 weeks ago now. that feeling is coming up again and i hate that it is. despite any stresses, i was so happy these last couple years during my masters and it feels like life is once again changing just as i am feeling comfortable. my friend is on a 4 week vacation and so that support system is not there right now and she is got a job lined up in a different city about an hour away starting in september that is also my goal in terms of time and even location .it annoys me so much that i feel like this. by all accounts, my life is pretty good. i have got some great friends, i have supportive parents, i have a great education, i am not struggling financially at the moment, and i have got lots of opportunities ahead. that being said, i cannot escape this feeling of emptiness i experience at every big change in my life. i always feel as though my friends have their lives planned out and have no issue keeping to that plan, while i am always unsure about my future and really negative about big changes.is there anything i can do to see my life differently and see openings as opportunities instead of threats? how do you avoid feeling sad when life changes significantly?
so, this might be a little long. sorry about that in advance anyway.like the title said i have no idea what i am doing with my life, not trying to feel sorry for myself by posting this or anything i just do not know what to do anymore. i had a very complicated childhood, my parents never let me get an education. and by that i mean not at all, i never did any school work, or even went to school at all when i was a kid teen. my spelling is almost nonexistent and no matter how hard i try i cannot seem to improve it using a mix of autocorrect google translate to write this out and my math is awful, but i did manage to teach myself to read quite well though.i was not allowed to talk to other kids growing up and so i had no friends growing up and was not allowed to leave the house at all, only sometimes to go shopping with my dad or mom. and i went out even less after my father killed himself when i was 8.the first time i talked to someone went outside by myself was when i was 16 and it was to get milk and other stuff because my mom just got too lazy and she could not be bothered anymore i suppose. as you probably guessed i have extreme social anxiety and can barely talk to other people even till this day.this might sound awful and i feel awful for saying this, but covid is probably the best thing to ever happen to me i was able to move out with one of my sisters because of government benefits, because of this i was able to look inward and able to see how badly i was treated by my family and to see that i might have a lot of mental problems because of this.i do not know how i thought my home life was normal , but i had my mom calling me useless because i was unable to get a job and pay her rent, and most of my siblings treated me like dirt acting grossed out just from seeing me, and some of them even used to tell me that i should kill myself because no one would miss me anyway .the only people in my family i am close with are my two little sisters and my older brother though he cut everyone in our family off including me because his wife does not like any of us which hit me hard.my family has pretty much fallen apart a surprise to anyone reading this i am sure haha.so that brings us to today i am 23 years old have no education, do not have any friends, i cannot get a job, and i might be homeless soon.i am seeing a psychologist soon. i do not think it will help me much honestly. i wake up every day scared of being homeless i cannot relax anymore, i do not enjoy anything in life anymore. for anyone who is worried i do not think i am suicidal, but i am honestly finding it hard to find a reason to live anymore.to anyone who made it to the end of this probably very badly spelled post, thank you. i feel like i am floating through life, and i do not know what to do anymore.
school scares me a lot. certain parts and apps on my phone scares me too. i also get weird chest tightening unease whenever i go near any platforms wherein there is people, be it gatherings or just social media.i have also been neglecting my school because of it. i want to try and fix my life, take baby steps gradually. but i just cannot. the unease i get is so overwhelming that i just fail to function everytime.online schooling made it worse. two things i hate most in one. we use facebook for schooling. and i just cannot deal with it properly. i tried telling myself that this will all pass and i just have to endure for now a little bit, but i have endured so many things already that i am scared to experience it again.i am scared and i do not know where this feelings rooted from. why is it that others get to do things with ease which most would deem as 'normal '. while i am here, scared to even look at it. so i escaped everything. but that is never enough, because there is always that little gnawing reminder of all the things i set aside in the corners of my brain. no, actually, it is like the elephant in the room that i never want to address. i told my mom and sister about it. well, i did not tell them willingly, they read my diaries full of my depressive ramblings. so they confronted me about it. confronted. it was last year, but i still remember everything they told me. in that diary, they found out i was suicidal, and how my mom dealt with it was by telling me how expensive coffins would be and that i am inconsiderate for even thinking about killing myself and that i should just forget about my 'traumas' because, apparently, it is that easy. in that diary they also found out about my molestors, and one of them was my own cousin. my sister said that i should just forgive him, that he is still a family, and i should just try to be more friendly with him because she reasoned he is probably changed now. not to mention, she also invalidated my grief by telling me that i am even more depressed than you. and i hate how she said it a tone which i guess was supposed to console me.i told them i want to get therapy. my mom said that if i do, i will be taken to mental hospitals where people will experiment on me to make me even crazier. sorry, i know it sounds ridiculous but she really said that. she is one of those people who believe that bill gates is out to control everyone through microchips in covid vaccines. my sister, though, she agreed that i should be taken to therapy, not the one i was expecting nor was it what i needed. she took me to family gatherings with people that i want to strangle, she walked me to parkd, invaded all my diaries and forced me to tell all about it in detail. after all that, she would ask me if i still have depression. i need to ramble.
this post is pretty much me trying to put abstract thoughts into words, so this may not make much sense or be in a logical order.i cannot make any sense of my thoughts or emotions. for as long as i can remember my general mood has been following a set pattern, where for a few months my emotions would generaly be happier and the next few months sader. it would not be an extreme difference, but noticeable at night while trying to sleep. since i started high school 2019 every few cycles there is a period of about a month where i feel sader than a normal sad period . i originally attributed this to the increased stress and left it at that. but midway though the great year that was 2020 i began having a small, very faint feeling that i just did not want to exist anymore. this was during a particularly bad sad period . this would because alarm bells to ring in anyone, but i knew i would not act on these thoughts due to my life philosophy. my general approach to life is to impact other people's lives positively, and to try and limit any all negative impact. now here is the main problem with everything. i will not tell anyone like my parents i have had any form of suicidal thoughts, because that would because them pain, and if i did act on it, then they would feel like they failed and should have done more. it would because them guilt that they did not see anything before. i just do not want to risk them being hurt. for that same reason i cannot risk hurting them if i act. so i cannot do anything.now i have just left my current period of sad, so i feel i have the ability to prosses my thoughts a bit more rationally. this period felt worse, and for about a week i could not draw my attention away from the feeling.but i might not be really suicidal like i said, bad order because almost every time i imagined or dreamed myself jumping off a building there was always someone else there, trying to talk me out of it. this is what confuses me, and why i cannot tell if i am really depressed suicidal or this is just some twisted attempt my subconscious is devising to draw peoples attention to me.i would never attempt anything currently, i do not want to hurt anyone around me. but i am just worried if the current trend continues i do not know what i might do.because i have no idea if i am blowing nothing out of proportion i have not told anyone. i will not drag anyone else into my issues. councilors would tell my parents due to the potential severity.so to summarize, i might be depressed yet cannot act on it, or i could be not and just attention seeking. i do not know if putting my thoughts here is also me just attention seeking. i just do not know.can anyone relate to or prosses these thoughts better than i can?am i mentally ok? i cannot make any sense of my thoughts or emotions
school scares me a lot. certain parts and apps on my phone scares me too. i also get weird chest tightening unease whenever i go near any platforms wherein there is people, be it gatherings or just social media.i have also been neglecting my school because of it. i want to try and fix my life, take baby steps gradually. but i just cannot. the unease i get is so overwhelming that i just fail to function everytime.online schooling made it worse. two things i hate most in one. we use facebook for schooling. and i just cannot deal with it properly. i tried telling myself that this will all pass and i just have to endure for now a little bit, but i have endured so many things already that i am scared to experience it again.i am scared and i do not know where this feelings rooted from. why is it that others get to do things with ease which most would deem as 'normal'. while i am here, scared to even look at it. so i escaped everything. but that is never enough, because there is always that little gnawing reminder of all the things i set aside in the corners of my brain. no, actually, it is like the elephant in the room that i never want to address. i told my mom and sister about it. well, i did not tell them willingly, they read my diaries full of my depressive ramblings. so they confronted me about it. confronted. it was last year, but i still remember everything they told me. in that diary, they found out i was suicidal, and how my mom dealt with it was by telling me how expensive coffins would be and that i am inconsiderate for even thinking about killing myself and that i should just forget about my 'traumas' because, apparently, it is that easy. in that diary they also found out about my molestors, and one of them was my own cousin. my sister said that i should just forgive him, that he is still a family, and i should just try to be more friendly with him because she reasoned he is probably changed now. not to mention, she also invalidated my grief by telling me that i am even more depressed than you. and i hate how she said it a tone which i guess was supposed to console me.i told them i want to get therapy. my mom said that if i do, i will be taken to mental hospitals where people will experiment on me to make me even crazier. sorry, i know it sounds ridiculous but she really said that. she is one of those people who believe that bill gates is out to control everyone through microchips in covid vaccines. my sister, though, she agreed that i should be taken to therapy, not the one i was expecting nor was it what i needed. she took me to family gatherings with people that i want to strangle, she walked me to parkd, invaded all my diaries and forced me to tell all about it in detail. after all that, she would ask me if i still have depression. i need to ramble.
long story, but here i go please do not mind my grammar mistakes or if things are said randomly, i dropped out early in my life i grew up in a really poor family of five, living in a small two bedroom apartment in california. the bedroom was shared by my brother, sister, and i. my father was mentally and physically abusive to my siblings and i including my mother and i realized it when i was 8. it was a really harsh realization at such a young age and it honestly makes me feel like shit knowing i never had a childhood because my parents would never let me outside or have friends over. as i grew older, i realized that i had to grow up early so i always tried my best at everything, tried to get the best grades i could, tried to make friends, tried to be social with people, but it all failed and that is when it all started. i was maybe around 14 when i first started sneaking alcohol and weed i found in my parents room and god it fucked me up so badly.my body could not take any of it, especially the alcohol but i kept coming back to it because i found it to be a temporary escape.soon after, i dropped out due to failing grades and behavioral issues which lead to my worsening downwards spiral.now it is been a couple years and my father died due to heart failure and other complications but i never felt any kind of sadness twords his death, i did not go to his funeral either because i could not bear to look at him. however, all of those feelings i should have felt are now coming back and i feel like absolute shit because i feel like even though he want abusive, i should have built a relationship with him.i spent my whole like being jealous of everyone who has a happy relationship with their fathers and it really fucking pains me to know i never had one with mine. my heart is racing because i am not use to opening up to people but, it is the internet so why not? i have lived with depression and anxiety my entire life and it is been eating me alive it feels like. nothing makes me genuinely happy anymore, not even my cat or my boyfriend of three years and i am honestly thinking of ending it all. i have cheated on my boyfriend and i hate admiring it. it was around 5 months into the relationship when i did it and i honestly feel like shit about it still and i cannot get over it. i hate knowing that i have hurt someone that i claimed to love so badly. it makes me want to end it all. i use more than weed now too, and it makes me feel worse. i have tried to overdose four times recently but all have failed and god, what am i going to do if i cannot even successfully kill myself? please help me. i know suicide is not the only way but it feels right because of everything i have done. i might delete this later, i am kind of high right now i have hit what seems to be rock bottom
i feel like a nuisance i feel as if i am nothing more than a general nuisance to people. i say this because i had a falling out with someone that i once considered to be my best friend while we were both away at college last fall. i've known this young lady since high school, and i had a lot of trouble trying to make connections and new friends, and thus she was the only person i really had up there because i was so lonely. she felt that i wasn't giving her any space and that i was too intrusive, and as a result it feels like she wants nothing to do with me anymore. sometimes, i question if she really wanted me around. i remember during her birthday last year, she had a bit of a celebration and i only found out because her then boyfriend posted it on instagram. i felt left out. she said that she didn't want a large group and thus only invited people her parents didn't know, and planned on celebrating separately with people they already knew. when we did just that, she texted me two minutes before i was supposed to have her up that she was at a pizza party and would be running late. she did not show for another two hours. this past month, i've tried to reach out to her in an attempt to make amends, she barely responds to me. i asked if we could be able to talk in person, over face time or over the phone but i get no response. because she seldom responds, i feel i have to start the conversation all over again. it's stressful, and it hurts my feelings. meanwhile, before i went up to college, i worked as a lunch monitor at one of my local elementary schools. this was immediately after i finished high school. while i loved working with the children, i had some problems there. some of the kids were defiant, and very stubborn in their defiance. in the months before i went off to college, i tried to start a bowling club, but most of the kids would not even listen me and would just rough house and fool around. but the worst part was the treatment i was received from two separate staff members. during the 2020 21 school year, when i started working at the school, lunch was held in the classrooms and not the cafeteria. in the kindergarten classroom i worked in, there was a young boy who had trouble remaining seated, and the teacher got angry with me. for two whole months, she would scream at me, calling me irresponsible , complaining about how i can't be trusted and how i must be firm . when i decided to be firm, which was what she wanted, she had another adult in the room at times while i was there. if she felt i was doing something wrong, why can't she treat me like a normal human being? apparently, she would go around and tell other people that she has to yell at me. i filed a complaint against her to human resources, and apparently they felt she did nothing wrong.
hi everyone, i am new to this subreddit because i have not really acknowledged that what i am going through is high functioning depression. i just want to babble on here and i hope to hear some nice warm fuzzy words bc i really need that right now.i am 17, a senior in high school amp when i was in 8th grade i was diagnosed with general anxiety disorder and social anxiety. my general anxiety disorder means all i do is overthink my actions, other people actions, what i do say or do not say, what other people say or do not say. i am a really sensitive and analytical anxious type of person. my social anxiety has put me at a crossroads of wanting to improve and get better but finding that when i try, it never goes in a overall positive direction, or i end up regretting putting myself out there because i am worried i did the wrong thing or people will not like me. to put it to scale, my social anxiety is the type where when i go to the grocery store and people just glance at me, i start to hyperfixate on what they are thinking of me. or when i am squeezing past someone and i say sorry excuse me and they do not really acknowledge me, i start to think they do not like me because of x, y, and z. i do go to therapy but sometimes i find that even when i tell my therapist i want comfort and she gives me the i am proud of you i feel like i cannot tell her the negative, shitty, and depressive thoughts i have because she will not be proud of me or that she will judge me which even though she has every right to, my anxiety hates when i think people are judging me . i say i am high functioning because i have an internship and i do run multiple clubs and i do try in school amp i do force myself to go out with my friends and put on a happy face to not worry them. reaching out to my friends are not an option because during the few times i did tell them about my sadness, i am met with a always here to talk but get declined calls and when i say i am doing bad in person, they never really know what to say, so the conversation ends at i have been feeling bad and a subject change happens. i have no hobbies because if i am not working, i am anxious and stressing and i just want to rest. i do not think i am in the mindset for hobby hunting even if that would be good for me. i am just tired of feeling this way and feeling so dark and grey and monotone inside. i feel like i am losing the personality traits i admired about my self and am slowly becoming this bleak and dull person inside and out. just need some kind words at the moment that things will get better that i will find myself again and that these months of darkness will not last forever because it feels like it will s please be kind, i am sensitive and fragile but this is reddit so who knows. thanks you all needing comfort rn
i just cannot take it anymore, i am clearly addicted to it and reading to all those people make me feel like they all lost their minds even though i am an insane one here. like, i has been really interested in politics since i was younger, and i am clearly leaning one side left if i have to say... , but i just cannot get over the fact how there are people on both sides that are just nuts, no one wants to hear each other out on the internet and every comment section where disagreement happens becomes an all out war, where it is impossible to convince anyone to at least consider other side or just respectfully disagree, no the goal is to absolutely obliterate your opponent . i understand that some opinions perhaps should be socially ostracized, but it came to a level that everyone gets offended even if you try to be as balanced as possible, and if you have no opinion, you admit that you are not informed well enough because apparently now everyone has a phd in every field , etc. you becomes everyone is enemy, and it it does not only apply to politics, as an example i cannot enjoy anything, oh you wanted to eat a cake? be sure someone comes and tells you how unhealthy it is, oh you wanted to watch some movie? be sure someone on the internet comes and tells you that there are bad values in it, or something i understand what they mean but you cannot live in a constant state of paranoia, where everyone is offended by something. everything is becoming more exclusive, and every group becomes less and less inclusive. i am not saying that i am not guilty of those things, but i try to comfort myself that i try to be at least a bit self conscious.it came to this that, when i read watch anything on the internet that is not some funny innocent video, my mental torment becomes impossible to bear, the only thing i am constantly thinking of is smashing my head on the wall with all my might. news pleas i hope this world will end soon comments even worse. i am just scrolling, scrolling and scrolling, and with every post scrolled i just loose a tiny bit of my sanity, and when you magnify it by the number of scrolled posts, it becomes apparent that i am completely mentally deranged.and my depression usually, simply, makes me unable to do anything else then scroll this god forsaken web, because i do not really get satisfaction from anything, and this internet stockholm syndrom makes me feel at home with this psychic torture.tl dr the internet is just a toxic place that i cannot escape.i do not know if it is even a good place to post it and i will probably delete it, like i usually do... , but it seems like this subreddit is rather friendly, and i apologize for this rant but i wanted to vent out, maybe find comfort if someone feels the same... the internet is driving me crazy
i would not wish this on anyone. i went from making a great salary last year to not being able to sleep this year when my company was bought, which led to a whole host of sleeping medications....trazadone, ativan, ambien, xyprexa, coupled with propanerol to reduce heart rate. then i had the worst 30 day headache of my life. i started ssris snris...celexa had a horrible reaction to this and had to stop . my genetic test revealed i metabolize medications well but i am predisposed to side effects. i went on to cymbalta, and now i am on lexapro. my initial trigger was 2 3 hours of sleep over a 15 day period, and then i had the awesome experience of 45 days straight locked in fight or flight mode. in some ways, i am surprised i have survived this. prior to this episode, i took like one advil every 10 years....the desperation was and still is real. i am dizzy and weak, i have lost a great deal of my memory, which was photographic, and my mental acuity and sharpness is slow as fuck compared to who i used to be. i was witty and humorous and showed a great deal of support for other people, and now i only care about how shitty i feel and how no one can relate you guys probably can . i barely talk to anyone including my wife, because i literally do not know what to say. i have been in intensive outpatient therapy, regular talk therapy and all these meds that are not working and make me feel like shit. i have an awesome friend group and wife, i was successful and own a home, i was talented and driven. i barely know what day it is and there is certainly no way i can work right now. i would love to get back to work and life, but i am not in control of this right now. the pain from this is much much more than just being sad. it is the loss of self, your mental and physical abilities and the anxiety that comes from when will this end? and will i ever be who i used to be? that makes this truly terrifying. to top it all off, there is no relief it is not like you can pop a cough drop for a sore throat that buys you 15 mins of some relief, depression is every excruciating second of the day. you walk around with an imaginary 200lb ball and chain on your leg that only you can feel. you are not interested in anything, you can barely have sex if at all, and you do not even know who you are or what you have become. i feel like since march, i am only a heart and lung machine, with nothing going on up above. if only depression was just being sad. it took me 40 mins to write these incoherent paragraphs that look wildly different than how i used to write. the reminders are literally everywhere in everything you do that you are not you. good luck to everyone here that feels this...none of you deserve this and i understand what you are going through. i understand depression now.
hey there feel good to talk to people who just a me suffer depression i never talked about it much on the internet though one of my best buddy who is a psychiatrist my parent and some other people know about it it s not many and i feel it s better this way but at least i can talk about it here a i am anonymous on the internet i hope anyways for me it s been many year that i am in a severe depression mine ha developed through a chain of various dumb decision i made that lead me to the place i m at now thing i can t change now can t simply make forgotten since the wheel of time keep spinning it s really interesting though a a 9 year old me would have never believed to suffer severe depression year later though it started many year ago back a a 9 year old i just graduated from school successfully and had every possibility like the world wa open to me a luxury many people sadly don t have and i wa dumb enough to not see clearly ahead of me thinking about what i wanted from life or where i would love to end up now i know and thinking back my 9 year old self should have known it s not really hard to figure out and i would tell my 9 year old self to think about it and keep chasing his dream especially since there wa so much time for it the path i walked though wa a pretty dark one nothing criminal nothing that would at first glance appear a particularly dark but i managed to scare away many people that in retrospect would have been great buddy friend and even girlfriend relationship like the old saying say you are your own worst enemy it s true it really is i have experienced it myself a far a i know there are two kind of depression depression that is genetically biologically caused and depression that is the product of bad experience and decision you made let s call it a reactive depression for me a you can imagine it wa the second and i could punch myself for it a what i did in all these previous year wa almost a textbook example of what not to do bad decision the worst part is that i have this mental image of an alternate reality where i didn t decide the way i did where i wa smarter and while i know it s a mental image it doesn t feel that way the worst thing is it s a devil chain a bad experience lead to me feeling worse while some people learn to hide their depression and keep smiling and joking in front of others just so that others won t realize how you truely feel i don t have that gift a i am usually in a bad mood and are perceived a a very unfriendly person by others which again lead to social alienation which make my depression even worse it s gotten really worse the last few year interestingly after coming back from being homeless and living on the street for half a year to a point where i don t want to live anymore where i want to forget
i was diagnosed with chronic depression when i was 8, since then its only gotten worse. i am 19, hopefully soon to be a sophomore in college but my grades were so bad last year that its up in the air whether or not i am keeping my financial aid. i just got kicked out of my student microsoft account so i have to call them tomorrow, if they tell me its because i lost my financial aid i think that will be it for me. i am only alive for my dog, at this point i know he would be better off without me, he just does not know it because i am all hes ever had. no one, friends, family, professionals, takes me seriously. i am numb most of the time now, i do not think i can really feel positive emotions for more than a few minutes when i am sober. i got my emt certification but i want to move away before i start to practice, i wanted to get my paramedics before i left but if i lose my financial aid i cannot go back this semester. i do not have nearly enough money to leave this god forsaken state and i just got fired for something stupid so its not like i can save up. i finally worked up the ability to call a psychiatrist and they hung up on me when i was put on hold and no one has called me back almost a week later. i am spiraling, every night is just distracting myself from downing my pill bottle. i do not want to keep going, the only thing keeping me here is my dog and the fear that what comes next could be worse. this life has nothing for me, even if i end up making something out of myself ill never be able to enjoy it. i do not recognize myself, my eyes look dead and i can barely eat. i am mostly living off of water and green tea water bottles, i do not have the energy to leave my bed more than an hour or two total everyday to pee and exchange a few words with my mom or grandma. i am just waiting for something to push me over the edge, it was not getting the repressed memories of my molestation back, it was not getting fired for the first time, it was not getting hung up on while trying to get help, i feel like its coming soon and i am too tired to keep asking for help. i am not planning on living past 29 unless i can find something worth living for, that gives me 10 years but i know i will not make it that long. i have no one that loves me besides my dog, hes old so he will not be around much longer either. i know for a fact that when i find his body ill be gone before the end of the night, i cannot exist for myself and there is no way ill ever find a dog good enough to replace him. i do not know why i am writing this, maybe its just something so no one can say they did not see the signs after i am gone, maybe i am looking for support or understanding, idk. maybe i just wanted to talk. how am i supposed to keep going when i know it does not get better?
today i just realized how much of a monster i have become. my vacuum cleaner went bust and my bf and i were looking at options. i was torn between 2 models. i wanted the more expensive one because it had all the functions i every wanted but not needed. the cheaper one was just what we always had. we got the cheaper one, and i was really disappointed. of course i helped paid for it.we then discussed household improvements. replacing broken aircon units, installing ceiling fans to reduce aircon use. replacing a deteriorating refrigerator. many other little things and big things. all, in my mind, pretty important stuff. some necessary, some quality of life changes. but we cannot afford it.i am crushed. despite saving for several years, i do not even have enough for my meds. i have been getting bare minimum wage for a job i have worked 7 years for with no raise in sight. people in my position usually get at least 70 more than what i am earning, but here i am, earning less than a fresh graduate joining their first job. despite more experience, despite more responsibilities.i asked if our parents would help even a little. maybe help us get a good contractor they trust, maybe a little financial help. i got shot down. specially by my own family.that is when it hit me. i have become an entitled monster. i want things, and i wanted people to pay for it and give it to me like i deserved it. i wanted to demand a pay raise even though i probably do not deserve it. i keep wanting more than what i can afford, spending above my means, expect people to do it for me just so i can be happy. i have turned into a monster. like all those entitled karen out there that think the world owes them. i am now one of them, i was probably always one of them.no wonder my mother called me an entitled spoilt brat that is useless. that i am a waste of space and should not have been born. no wonder that old boss screamed at that its all my fault, that i am useless and always wrong. they both say i will never be entitled to anything. i will always be the scum of the earth. i am disgusting, a disappointment, a monster. and they knew it. and now i know it.i am pampered and spoilt for wanting people to help pay for what i want. i do not deserve a pay raise because i am not good enough and will never be good enough no matter how hard or how much i try and do. they know i am a monster, and monsters do not deserve anything. i am useless, hopeless, waste of space and everything is always my fault.i do not want to live anymore. everyone will be happier without me. and there will be one less monster in the world.i am going to od myself with every single med i have when everyone goes out.you will not have to deal with a monster anymore. they were right all along.good bye. i am a monster
for such a long time i have lived in that small space of my basement appartement. it was one small room and a even smaller bathroom.the last 5 years of these 19 were the worst. i had night terrors about beeing burried alife. the appartement made me feel weird after some time and my life got to the bad side once i started living in the basement. i had no more drive doing anything, there was no energy or believe in myself. just watching the internet. i barely had 2 friends that i saw maybe once or twice a month.but after one night terror where i dreamed i was stuck in my appartement for the rest of my life i literally saw the windows dissapear and a stone wall behind them i jumped out of bed and ran out of the door and stood naked in the staircase with my heart racing. i slowly realised it was a dream but there i stood there naked and thankfully no one saw me. so i just went back to bed. but the night terrors kept on comming. after a while i seemed to loose the skill of keeping track of the night terrors.i just barely woke up letting out a loud scream every night for a few month and went back to bed sometimes without realising what happened the next morning. but truth is no one could hear me screem down there in that hole .this made me realise that i am in a prison and need to get out. i need to change something. i did therapy and after such a long time of having no job just sitting in front of my screen all day in the basement i finally found a job. and the appartement that i now live is on the top floor.what is so weird now i can finally see the world! i never saw humans in my basement appartement and now i can see people walk on the street! i can see the rain falling! i can see people sit together talking with each other. i was so isolated for such a long time i thought it is normal to be alone and just browing the web.i think now that i am 36 years old, i want to make more of my life now after so many years spent in isolation. i want to move now maybe ever 5 years to see more of the world. i have a huge list of things i want to do now and i hope i can.you guys would not believe how fucking bright this appartement is where i life now. i have a nice balcony this is such a great thing to have. and the appartement i am now in has huge glass walls behind the balcony so every morning the sun is shining into the whole appartement. i must say the first mornings i thought to myself wtf its 5 am why is the sun soo bright?? because in my basement appartement i never really saw the sun.i do not want to say basement appartements are bad but its the time spend below earth that can drive you crazy. or me at least. anyway i am so relieved that i made it. after 19 years living in a small basmement appartement i finally found a job and was able to move up!
if you are in a bad headspace please do not read this.i 22m am slowly starting to give up on life. i hoped things would get better but they have not and do not show any signs of changing. i am currently living at home with my verbally abusive mother in a very toxic environment. i want to move out aspa, but i am working a sh tty job that does not pay well and if i do save up enough. i would be broke for the foreseeable future. i have seen so many cv councillors and applied to so many jobs, and despite all of that i have not been offered any interviews.to sum up my love life, it has been pain. i have never had a partner or anything like that. every now and again i match with someone we vibe and hit things off, but after a date or two i get ghosted, leaving me confused and hurt as to why they lost interest. i feel undesirable and unworthy of love. i feel like i need to be perfect in every way order to even be considered as a romatic partner. i feel the same way when it comes to job applications. it is mentally taxing and painful.all of this is having a massive effect on my mental health and i am noticing it deteriorating quickly. i hate that i am thinking about just ending it. but i guess i need to know when to quit, i have struggled with knowing when to quit all my life. i guess i was always the hopeful optimist. but what is the point in trying when put all my efforts in trying to make my life better and i still end up in the same place. i keep telling myself be strong, i hype myself up into a positive mindset and a good mood and for what? nothing seems to change, well nothing permanent. the cycle continues. it feels like everything is working against me, and simple things that should be straight forward are not.and i get life's not fair and i accept that, but it feels like the difficulty was dailed up to 1000 for me. i do not think anyone can save or help me. i have prayed and begged to whatever cosmic being might be out there. praying for them to give me a break, give me a win, on which i can build on and make my life better. i do not know what i did to deserve this, whether is this life or past or whatever but i am sorry.i have got so much unresolved pain.i know life has it is rough patches but i would at least like some level of happiness. it seems like life is moving by and i am still trying to fight my demons and move forwards.honestly i am hesitant to kill myself but at the same time i am looking for a happy accident to relieve me of this pain. all i know is, the longer i stay at home and working at the same job, the closer i am to an early grave.i do not know how anyone would be able to help my situation and i do not know what to expect from writing this reddit post but i need to let it out. life is painful and i am tired of fighting
the life i've worked for is gone. when i was 18, i had moved out because i has a strained relationship with my family. i moved away because i wanted to put distance so that the relationship could be repaired. i ended up moving across state lines and then eventually moved down south, halfway across the country, at my father's suggestion for an easier life while i worked and got my degree. and the distance did exactly what i wanted it showed my parents that i was strong and capable and mature and that i was an adult. but it also created a great longing for home. life was easier. i got a better job, i bought a house, and i live comfortably with my husband. but... we don't like it here. we like the small city, the restaurants, the proximity, the healthcare, etc. but the environment and climate do not align with us. we are northerners at heart. we like the seasons, fall and winter, the hills, the mountains, the streams winding through the forest. we miss it so dearly it hurts sometimes. but i also miss my family. i miss my parents, my brother, my nephew. i miss my childhood best friend and her family. i am heartbroken seeing years pass and i am missing from their daily life and they are missing from mine. i am just incredibly lonely here, and i want to be with them. there has always been an obstacle preventing us from moving back, but the biggest one being how expensive it is there, and we would have struggled unless we were finished school and in our well playing fields. so years pass by and we stay here, while wishing we there. well now my parents are getting older, approaching their 60s. they want to retire, but they don't want to retire there, they want to retire in the state i'm currently in. so then, becomes a new dilemma do i stay in this state that doesn't make me happy, so i can be with my parents and potentially my brother in time ? do i move back home and enjoy my brother's company for as long as i have it, i have my friends, my climate, and my job? either way i'm giving up something that feels non negotiable for my complete happiness. i'm overcome with this intense sadness that i've spent all the years where i could have had it all being away. and now they are gone and i feel as if the life i have worked so hard in my degree and in life to get back to is gone. ive tried talking to my family about staying in their current state or maybe moving to another state that i know they love and enjoy and that we do as well, and they don't budge this is their plan. i feel selfish when i push too hard. i don't know what to do. i'm overwhelmed with sadness. i just accepted a job in my career because i just graduated but its even further south and even though its an amazing career opportunity, i feel like its a step backward in the life i wanted.
today i just felt shitty again, no reason just feel like crap. this has been going on for a while, i do not tell anyone i know in real life family, the one real friend i have, the next door neighbours cat about this but i have recently started crying in the shower, letting my composure drop when i know no one is watching. if you saw me in real life i would probably be smiling sheepishly, looking at my phone or reading a book. at home though, i am a mess, a sad, self loathing fricking mess. i will literally sit on my bed and stare blankly at the wall, thinking of all my failures in life and that my dreams are unattainable, and worse still i cannot tell anyone how i am feeling. for context, i am 13 years old and my parents do not think kids can have depression, plus i do not want to displease them with my own issues. my friends are not really friends at all, it is very one sided as if they only remember my number when they need help, the only true friend i have is struggling with her own problems so i do not want to worry her either. i cannot talk to a professional because they would tell my parents, so recently i have developed my own self help method. you see, when i am in pain, the sadness is pushed aside leaving only lovely, stinging, sweet, sore, joy inducing, bleeding pain, so i have started scratching at my arms to try and draw blood, it has worked as well. i also punch myself sometimes, a bit of head bashing against the wall when i am feeling really down and nobody is home. they have not caught onto it yet and i sure as heck am not going to open up about this to them, they would freak out if they knew i was just working may up the ladder, the eventual goal being to muster enough courage to end it. please do not tell me to call a hotline and do not bother with 999, i am not in any danger yet, i just wanted to let this all out. i probably should have used a throwaway account for this but in all honesty i do not care, pain is a release for me so any advice to stop the self harm will not be taken unfortunately. i am not looking for validation or it will get better type crap, i know it is not getting better, it is just a downward spiral from here, but at least i can keep telling myself that it is not depression, it is just a phase. that is what they would tell me and they must be right, i cannot have depression because my life situation is ok, i have a comfortable lifestyle. you know what, backtrack, these are first world issues, i am complaining about a bit of misery that every teen goes through, it is not depression. i am okay. i have to be okay. because if i am not then i am just whinging and being a bitch. i am sorry, i will leave now. i claim to not have depression, but at this point i am not sure anymore... tw self harm and suicide
does anyone else have a non epileptic attack disorder nead ? it is quite rare but this is a large community of possible contenders for it. basically it is a dissociation tactic the brain sometimes employs, causing fainting and even what may appear to be a seizure. in my case, i faint and go so rigid i shake and jerk from the tension. while my eyes flicker as i try and work back through the fog, to my body and who ever is shaking and making far way sounds at me. if roused by rigorous tapping and shaking it can last 2 minutes if left alone it can go on for up to 10 and then i truly pass out into a near coma like sleep for hours. including face down in a puddle in the smoking yard at work! luckily only a touch of hypothermia was the result. the other danger is since you make no attempt to break your fall when you pass out hitting your head can be a problem. fortunately i have only had bruises and cuts without any major concussion or injuries.it is not however caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain like real epilepsy so it is not respondent too medication. it is essentially a psychosomatic problem that requires cbt in order to retrain the brain to stop pulling the collapsing stunt everytime you feel like you need to dissociate. it took 14 weeks of intensive cbt therapy at the only hospital in the uk to have a unit for such conditions. the historic bethlem royal hospital once the infamous bedlam i was able to bring the seizures down from 5 or 6 a week to 1 or 2, and the recovery time form 8 hours to 1. which is a big improvement but it still makes getting back into work difficult. i had to stop working before when the seizures were regularly, meaning i was forced to miss and cut short work shifts. now that is it is less frequent, i still fear i go back into work the same thing will happen and i will let everyone down again, forcing them to scramble to cover me. also i do not know hot to tell a employer 'yeah sometimes i might just collapse and have to go home.' i had depression before this but the absolute hold its put on my life is really piling on the depression. i am still amazed i was able to find a partner who wants a long term relationship with someone with nothing going for them at all but i got lucky and it is the only good thing i have. i am 28 and we are forced to live with my parents while he works to earn money for our own places. covid set that back by putting him out of work for a long time to we bad to eat through what he had saved. i am just sick of this and sick of holding him back. there feels extra pressure that i am a guy out of work too. like i should be making my own money. not claiming some disability payments for a dumb condition most neuroscientists have not even heard of. nead conditions and dissociation
does anyone else have a non epileptic attack disorder nead ? it is quite rare but this is a large community of possible contenders for it. basically it is a dissociation tactic the brain sometimes employs, causing fainting and even what may appear to be a seizure. in my case, i faint and go so rigid i shake and jerk from the tension. while my eyes flicker as i try and work back through the fog, to my body and who ever is shaking and making far way sounds at me. if roused by rigorous tapping and shaking it can last 2 minutes if left alone it can go on for up to 10 and then i truly pass out into a near coma like sleep for hours. including face down in a puddle in the smoking yard at work! luckily only a touch of hypothermia was the result. the other danger is since you make no attempt to break your fall when you pass out hitting your head can be a problem. fortunately i have only had bruises and cuts without any major concussion or injuries.it is not however caused by abnormal electrical activity in the brain like real epilepsy so it is not respondent too medication. it is essentially a psychosomatic problem that requires cbt in order to retrain the brain to stop pulling the collapsing stunt everytime you feel like you need to dissociate. it took 14 weeks of intensive cbt therapy at the only hospital in the uk to have a unit for such conditions. the historic bethlem royal hospital once the infamous bedlam i was able to bring the seizures down from 5 or 6 a week to 1 or 2, and the recovery time form 8 hours to 1. which is a big improvement but it still makes getting back into work difficult. i had to stop working before when the seizures were regularly, meaning i was forced to miss and cut short work shifts. now that is it is less frequent, i still fear i go back into work the same thing will happen and i will let everyone down again, forcing them to scramble to cover me. also i do not know hot to tell a employer 'yeah sometimes i might just collapse and have to go home.' i had depression before this but the absolute hold its put on my life is really piling on the depression. i am still amazed i was able to find a partner who wants a long term relationship with someone with nothing going for them at all but i got lucky and it is the only good thing i have. i am 28 and we are forced to live with my parents while he works to earn money for our own places. covid set that back by putting him out of work for a long time to we bad to eat through what he had saved. i am just sick of this and sick of holding him back. there feels extra pressure that i am a guy out of work too. like i should be making my own money. not claiming some disability payments for a dumb condition most neuroscientists have not even heard of. nead conditions and dissociation
like you, i have suffered greatly during my 28 years of existence. i am posting this because i have finally unsubscribe to this subreddit. i am sure i am going to get conflicting opinions about this, but i think that this is an important thing to talk about.since i have finally lifted myself out of depression, after many years pain and suffering, i find that seeing these posts in my feed make me feel sad. i do not want to feel sad anymore, not that anybody does, but i see that if i unsubscribe i will not have this daily dose of sadness in my life anymore.this is important to note because i think that this happens to more people than we tend to realize. once somebody finally gets out of depression it would behoove them to distance themselves from negativity and sadness regardless of the pain and suffering of those enduring it.my point is this, one of the problems with depression and why it seems to be largely ignored or exploited for monetary gain, might just be that once people get out of it they stop engaging with the community because it makes them sad. it does not mean i am not going to continue to help people whenever i can because i will and i do. it is just something i have noticed that i think people might want to hear about.i wish you all the best of luck, my breakthrough was getting back together with one of my childhood friends who was around when i went through most of the childhood trauma that i endured. being with him brought me right back to when i was being molested in my basement by a mutual friend of ours. it felt like i got struck by lightning. hanging out with my friend and engaging in playing a video game that my molester used to play with us all the time seemed to somehow get my emotions to start functioning properly again. it felt like whoever i was, died in that basement at 13 years old. like all of my emotions became stuck in time and unaccessible. my emotions are finally working again, and i do not think there would have been any chance of me recovering without them back. i am not quite sure how this works, but i am actively trying to duplicate my experience in those around me who are suffering. if anyone else has experienced anything like this i would greatly appreciate it if you would share your experience.i wish you all the best of luck. and i know how much it hurts. i never thought it was going to get better i was convinced i would end up offing myself before 30. i would encourage you to go and find the people that you were hanging around when you were young when the worst things in your childhood happened to you. the better they know your abuser the higher the chance if something extraordinary happening i think . beat depression after 28 years. cannot look at these posts anymore. amp my breakthrough moment.
i am male and getting my dream education right now and will be working with young people that can t live with their parent for a multitude of reason anymore in year after year of being aimless i found that to be my dream job i am together with a nice girl and we have great chemistry i am living in my own flat and my grade and praxis are is going great i got professional help after a major mental breakdown i had year ago that made me live like a plant and got over severe depression and constant panic attack panic attack are rare and i know my trigger and how to deal with them i am confident in myself and got to reflect on my messed up childhood and problematic personality trait a couple of week ago i started feeling really anxious tho by far more than usual i am afraid of dying for stupid bodily reason and i am always so tense and have ache in my stomach and neck and my heart beat really fast from time to time and i am afraid my girlfriend will leave me that s what i am most anxious about she is really good for me and she told me that i am good for her but lately she act distant while still showing me affection in way because she isn t doing that good aswell there are reason for her to feel bad besides me but i am afraid that i might be a big reason because she wa confronted with a lot of my anxiety related issue logically i would say she won t leave me because gave me thoughtful present and still care for me by reminding me to eat and she sometimes say she miss me but she behaves so distant and it s triggering me so hard because of a toxic relationship i wa in i decided not to talk about my anxiety anymore because i don t want to lay that upon her and i told her about my abandonment issue once and will leave it at that because i don t want her to feel bad everytime she behaves distant because of her own issue that would be selfish hell she even told me she won t stop loving me even if she cant express it but my anxiety is still there the worst thing is that she doesn t want to speak about what s bothering her because she doesn t want to think about it which make me feel like it s me and then i feel like an asshole because i am not the center of the world so yeah long story short my abandonment issue are the worst thing right now i decided not to bother her with it because it s not fair but i don t know how to deal with it oh and those issue wouldn t be so bad if i weren t so anxious in general the general anxiety came with the practical part of my education but i don t know why because i am doing good i will be done with that in week and that s when i will meet her again and i hope that everything will be okay by then but i am afraid that i will be sabotaging myself before then by ruining my relationship just so that the anxiety go away
hello everyone i am currently on a trip for spring break college senior with friend and really struggling first a little background though i am now but have struggled with anxiety on and off my entire life it started with separation anxiety probably not being okay going to daycare or anything of the sort even with my older brother just because i couldn t stand being away from my parent i also would get hysterical if they left for a trip etc i also would be frantic and cry at the end of the school day in elementary school because i worried my parent wouldn t be there to pick me up a i got older this morphed into more health anxiety i also faint around needle so i have a big fear of fainting and then into panic disorder in high school diagnosed by my therapist i have seen a number of therapist off and on but never gone on any medication for anxiety my parent are super supportive of therapy but have always been more skeptical of med for mental health i also had a really hard time going to college even though it wa only an hour away because i got majorly homesick and struggled with adjustment disorder i eventually did adjust and now totally love my school but it took me a solid semester to overcome by homesickness fast forward to present i have noticed i get really nervous for trip that are somewhere unfamiliar to me and where i don t have one of my safe people with me my parent or my boyfriend i have amazing friend who are caring and supportive but for some reason they don t fall into my safe category like my parent or boyfriend do also just a sidenote but i had a generally happy childhood and have a great relationship with my parent for whatever relevance that may have i have huge anxiety leading up to trip and then also when i arrive and it tends to be crippling if i don t have a safe person there right now i am in mexico for day on spring break with three of my friend and i feel tremendously awful and sad like not necessarily panicky but just really deeply sad and like i want nothing more than to go home and hug my loved one i am trying to do more research and it seems like this could be a separation anxiety type issue in place where i feel comfortable hometown college town etc i am totally happy doing thing alone being independent of my safe people so it isn t an all the time thing but it is making travel really not fun for me and i honestly just want nothing more than to go home any advice would be great i am currently in therapy cbt general talk therapy mashup and will be bringing this up with my therapist but i would really love any and all suggestion for both tackling this immediately and trying to enjoy my trip and for way to think about this when i talk with my therapist i know this is a bit rambling so sorry and thank you
so this all started about 6 months ago, my grandma had a stroke and was dying we did not know if it would take a week maybe a few months we were not sure . so i decided to book a flight for me and my fianc down to visit as i have not had the chance to visit in 6 years. the week of the flight all three of my vehicles broke down to where it would cost more to repair them than they were worth, that was not too bad, i had a little money saved up because my fianc and i were trying to save for a house. i figured i would dip into that and replace them when i get back, it was a bummer for sure though. i get down to florida and my grandma does not even remember who i am which tore me up. i felt so bad because i had not been down to see her in awhile and by the time i did she could not hardly speak and her dreams were more reality than her grandson sitting in front of her. while i was down i figured i would visit my best friend of 15 years and we hung out for awhile and the next day i went to go spend time with my family. my fianc did not want to go so i left her at the house while i was visiting. turns out my fianc was screwing my best friend while i was visiting my family. i only caught her because i woke up at 3am that night had a bad feeling and looked at her phone.i was devastated and that tore me up bad. i could not believe it. we were together 6 years and i never expected this out of my best friend or her. i was blindsided. turns out when we gamed on xbox together they had been chatting for awhile before this and took the opportunity to hook up while i was down to see my dying grandma. went back home, i tried to mend things but when it was clear she did not want to i did my best to move on. at this point i am back home, sad i just lost my best friend, my fianc, and soon to lose my grandma, and still bummed about my vehicles i did not know what to do. i got super depressed, went drinking with some family, and then decided to do my best to use the pain to better my life. i read two 450 page self help books, i found a better career for myself that pays really well, i started working out and yet, everyday i think about my fianc. i wish i could stop and i hate it and no matter how much i improve my life i am still sad all the time. i just found out about a week ago my x fianc moved down to my x best friend and they got a place and are living together. it basically reset my depression, and then my grandma just passed and i am not sure what to think, feels like i am back at square one. its been just over 6 months since all this happened to me and i am still broken from it. how long does it take people to heal? this has been pretty traumatic for me. i just want to suck it up and move on. i had a lot of bad things happen to me recently ish
31f i hate my life i know it just comes with trauma that i have no idea how to compact, and i feel so behind.. i live at home with my mom because of student loans from a degree i had to drop out of because her credit score wasn't good enough, and neither was mine. i now sit with 80k in student debt and only 20k would be gone if biden finally wipes away student debt.. my mom right now has been more anxiety inducing than before. i get it, i'm overweight, i have mental health issues, need some sun and a better job, but it doesn't help when she berates and complains about it daily and comparing me to others. i barely eat as it is, and while she serves unhealthy food as well, she gets mad that i'm not eating healthy and moving like a fucking swan. i'm like 200 lbs full of anxiety, different kinds of odd combinations of grass and veggies in some green smoothies that tastes like eating someone's ass that hasn't showered for 3 years. still gets mad that i eat unhealthy when she makes it and it's literally all we have. she gets mad that i don't spend time with her at all and prefer to hang out with my friends that are online. she tells me i look ugly and i should look better in clothes that look ugly on me as it is. literally, she treats me just like my older brother did minus the sexual abuse i endured for 14 fucking years which ended when i was 26 by leaving to art school and finally having a way to make it end by severing ties with him well he did it with me being yelled at because i get anxious or depressed isn't a way to help someone unpack trauma nor help them get motivated about doing better. it's gotten so bad i can't focus on anything very well. i don't even have privacy to go and study to be a data analyst in coursera because school is really expensive nowadays and i don't have the time to be able to go. i feel really stuck. and i know many people are gonna say it's procrastination and i get it might be, but it stems from an overflowing and ever changing amounts of anxiety and depression that has never stopped. i can't afford therapy because that shit isn't covered, nor can i drive to one because i don't have a car nor do i have the money to pay for an uber drive weekly along with whatever fee therapy comes with.bi also never have privacy so i can't do at home therapy. i have so little privacy my mom barges in and tries to talk to me even though i tell her i'm in a literal meeting. but if i try to set boundaries or do things myself i'm called an asshole... it's so much thrown at me i feel like i just freeze and just sit and do nothing because that's better than sitting with her and possibly be yelled and berated at for my weight for the umpth time even though she's heavy and diabetic herself. yeah.. my live sucks right now...
i dunno where to start..i am a 16 yo boy, thankfully i still 've got a life to live but it feels meaningless... as a kid i did not grow up loving my parents or feeling something liie a connection between me and them.sure i love them i guess but it feels empty. i just do not feel or experience those emotions that people talk about...i did not use to talk to them or even hang out with them because they did not tell me how to... whenever i try to start a convo with them they do not pay attention and sometimes they do not listen at all... they just see me as a kid that does not understand shit and i have to listen to everything they say without them listening to me. i remember getting back everyday from school and they do not even care... all they say is go study and stop playing. imagin that happening to you every single day till you are 16... it just hurts. i really really want to feel like a part of the family, i want to feel that love between each one of my family. having no friends takes it to another level as you do not have nobody to talk or spend time with... i got to the point that i dunno how to talk... i just stutter and feel nervous all the time even if it is normal talk. i would say i have got depressed. i had social anxiety, anthropophobia which is the fear of people and pseudobulbar effect wich is being unable to control your emotions. i have got the point that i cry every single day on my pillow cuz no one knows how i feel inside of me. i see no people and always stuck at home 24 7 cuz my parents refuse to let me go even for a walk. i remember mom calling dad cuz i was in my room for 14 days straight talking to nobody. i remember every single word my father told me and it went like get out of your room and stop being dramatic, and also stop acting like little sad kids. these words... it just kills. i have never been able to talk or explain my feelings or my thoughts, i have never felt loved. every single day i just tell myself that i would be better off dead. cuz there is no point for me to live. i do not feel like i belong to anyone or anyone even cares about me. i hug my pillow when i sleep as if it was someone. i open my wardrobe and hug my clothes as if it was a person. i always think about suicide. i got to the point that i feel nothing... nothing at all... it just feels empty... dull.plz if you r a parent and you are reading this... love your children. give them some love and care. they do not deserve having mental issues and suicidal thoughts. they should not open their wardrobe and hug their clothes as long as you exist. just listen to them. i know it looks simple and will not do much but it does more than you think. please.thanks for reading all this. i feel nothing like if it is black and white...
i dunno where to start..i am a 16 yo boy, thankfully i still 've got a life to live but it feels meaningless... as a kid i did not grow up loving my parents or feeling something liie a connection between me and them.sure i love them i guess but it feels empty. i just do not feel or experience those emotions that people talk about...i did not use to talk to them or even hang out with them because they did not tell me how to... whenever i try to start a convo with them they do not pay attention and sometimes they do not listen at all... they just see me as a kid that does not understand shit and i have to listen to everything they say without them listening to me. i remember getting back everyday from school and they do not even care... all they say is go study and stop playing. imagin that happening to you every single day till you are 16... it just hurts. i really really want to feel like a part of the family, i want to feel that love between each one of my family. having no friends takes it to another level as you do not have nobody to talk or spend time with... i got to the point that i dunno how to talk... i just stutter and feel nervous all the time even if it is normal talk. i would say i have got depressed. i had social anxiety, anthropophobia which is the fear of people and pseudobulbar effect wich is being unable to control your emotions. i have got the point that i cry every single day on my pillow cuz no one knows how i feel inside of me. i see no people and always stuck at home 24 7 cuz my parents refuse to let me go even for a walk. i remember mom calling dad cuz i was in my room for 14 days straight talking to nobody. i remember every single word my father told me and it went like get out of your room and stop being dramatic, and also stop acting like little sad kids. these words... it just kills. i have never been able to talk or explain my feelings or my thoughts, i have never felt loved. every single day i just tell myself that i would be better off dead. cuz there is no point for me to live. i do not feel like i belong to anyone or anyone even cares about me. i hug my pillow when i sleep as if it was someone. i open my wardrobe and hug my clothes as if it was a person. i always think about suicide. i got to the point that i feel nothing... nothing at all... it just feels empty... dull.plz if you r a parent and you are reading this... love your children. give them some love and care. they do not deserve having mental issues and suicidal thoughts. they should not open their wardrobe and hug their clothes as long as you exist. just listen to them. i know it looks simple and will not do much but it does more than you think. please.thanks for reading all this. i feel nothing like if it is black and white...
please, do not take offence to anything i say in this post, but i feel like i need space to be honest about what i am feeling.i am not sure if i have depression, but every time i try to have hope in the future, it feels silly. part of it is climate change anxiety. part of it is just a lack of belief in myself. at the same time, it feels like i am being defeatist. like i am giving up just because i am lazy and i do not want to expand the effort. not because i am genuinely depressed.does that make sense? a part of my brain would imagine what it is like to just disappear, to put it mildly, and another part of my brain would tell me that i am making it up. to myself? how would that even work?me and my girlfriend had a fight, because i have trouble focusing and i forget things. and sometimes, i forget things so much that i piss people off. and they get angry at me, because i read a lot, i know a lot of little factoids, i have an important job, but i act like an absent minded child. so, i guess in their head, i do not deserve the social status they are projecting on me? am i so arrogant that they expect me to be important?i feel guilty for what i have. because i know there are a lot of people struggling, with the pandemic, and with all the social problems right now. i do not feel like i deserve it.she called me... the best translation i can think of is insane idiot . it has far darker connotations, like someone who cannot take care of themselves, who is a social reject etc. etc. i have to once again repeat that i did genuinely pissed her off she was in a rush with some errands, and i was slowing her down, and fucking things up, because my brain cannot work that fast.i told her, i told her all about how much that word hurts me. how it brings to mind other things, other people have told me. people who were close to me. people i looked up to and trusted. thoughts i have every day, if not consciously, then subconsciously. i can barely remember what i did yesterday. but i can vividly remember every time someone called me worthless or an idiot.that made her feel guilty, and made her apologize for what she said. and i feel like i manipulated her. like i fucked with her head to get my way, so that i do not have to change and better myself. i do not trust the way i think, i do not trust the way i look at things. part of me thinks i should make up something to hope for in the future. part of me thinks that is stupid and in genuine. part of me wants to stop being so pathetic and defeatist.i do not know what to think anymore.at least i still have my hobbies, which i am passionate about. for an hour or so every day, i can escape. i do not think i really have anything else. i am in a very weird space, i am not sure if this is depression
i m 0 and have never even been on a date with a girl before everything ha just gone wrong growing up there were so many time where thing almost changed almost got in a group of people i wanted to be with almost would no longer have been alone but every time something at the last second happens and i lose it forever sometimes my fault but usually not i ve stopped getting my hope up for anything i know it will always just never work out it s like i m destined to just always be like this i had a few friend in high school no one i could ever connect with though i didn t care though maybe i could meet new people through them but for some reason anytime anything interesting would happen with them it wa when i wa gone anytime i am with them same usual boring shit i m not there something crazy happens i started going to college recently i really wa hoping doing this i would meet people make friend but even doing thing like going to event and regularly attending class just nothing i love talking to and meeting people but i just never get placed in the right place at the right time and the moment i get close i fuck up again or something else happens i downloaded some dating apps just to try to meet people i know i wouldn t have much success a a short medium attractive guy i would maybe get a match a week if i wa lucky and we d send a couple message but nothing more last week i finally got someone s contact info and we set up plan to go on a date i wasn t particularly interested in this girl but wa just exited to finally go on a date i had a class for the time we planned but that didn t matter i can miss it thing were finally going well and then last night i suddenly remembered nothing is ever supposed to go well i always get so close so this morning i check my phone she had blocked me i didn t even feel anything it s just how everything go for me i thought i m not angry at her or anything she probably just decided last minute she didn t want to go i m tired i m done trying i m killing myself next week maybe if i keep putting myself out there i ll actually meet someone but it s an endless cycle my depression make it so hard to do that which just cause me to get more depressed what is supposed to break this cycle i ve tried medication no effect therapy i ve tried may therapist and they ve all told me the same bull shit i ve already heard i don t really want to die it would be nice for thing to work out for once but with the cycle i m in nothing will ever change and i don t see a way of breaking it if thing will just be like this forever why bother continuing sorry for this absolute wall of text if you actually read this cool i guess i just needed to write all my thought out gon na go to sleep now bye tl dr god fucking hate me
i have had anxiety and depression since i was a kid. my mom left me with my grandmother months after i was born and moved away. my father left the picture before i was born. i always felt so alone and always felt like it was my fault. like i was not loved or wanted and just there. i am an adult now, married to the man i love more than anything but have always acted as if everything is ok. always acting strong when deep down i feel so tired and weak and hide it as much as i can. i have broken down in front of my husband once but when i did, i felt so vulnerable it made me feel so much worse about myself. feeling like he deserves better than me and constantly over think why is he with me. they say you need to love yourself first before you can lover others, but how can you do that when you get pushed down no matter how hard you try to get back up. i was bullied a lot as a kid, taken advantage of, and has made me feel even more and more worthless. i tried to end it all by taking pills once but it did not work and thought maybe it meant i had a second chance at life and things would get better. as i became a teenager, i continued to be bullied. had no friends, struggling in school since i felt like i did not fit in and made feel stupid even from teachers. got to high school and it just got worse. i moved away to a new school, new faces, and depression grew more. i made some so called friends that never wanted to hear about how i felt. they were all so positive yet i was the negative one since i just never felt like i fit in anywhere. as an adult, i have no friends at all. everyone i know is married with kids and always asked when i will have kids. i do not feel like having kids is an options. i am scared of the thought of bringing a child to a world and have them go through the same thing i did. my job gives me so much anxiety on a daily basis. i work with all men who look at me like i do not belong there. constantly being put down, talked down to like i do not know anything or good enough for the job. i put a fake smile, act positive, but on my breaks, i break down and trying to put myself back together to do it over and over again. day after day and its come to the point where i just feel so numb from life that i sometimes struggle with how to keep on going. everyone sees me as a bubbly person but that is all i can show since if i show my true self, no one wants hear it. sorry for rambling on, i just feel so lost and do not know how to deal with it, keeping it all inside just hurts that is much more and feel like ending it all would just let people i love down, and doing that hurts just as much especially getting guided that i am an adult and need to act like it. i hate this so much! i am tired of acting strong
19m my life is in order in most people's perspective, i live independently, have my own place, do not struggle for money as i have an okay paying job to cover bills and have money saved up at the same time, go to the gym atleast 3 4 times a week and a pretty good diet. i know that my attitude is to blame but i do not know how to change it. i have no interests or hobbies which of course would be a easy answer but i have tried multiple times and just feel no enjoyment of that it is pointless, growing up i was like this also, constantly starting things and never keeping to it, the gyms the only thing i have ever been consistent at.i have read many self help books and feel as if the knowledge i have learnt from them i am just using to make myself feel worse as i get there are solutions out there and i probably know them myself, almost as if it is like an information paralysis. i am pretty good at giving advice and being empathetic towards others but when it is for myself it is impossible, i have had zero success with women my entire life and scrutinize myself for it 24 7, once again its down to my attitude, i am aware of this. was even beginning to feel slight resentment towards women at one point but soon got a grip of myself and realized i was just projecting my hatred towards myself onto them, i see them as a whole other, and that i am utterly unable to bond with them i mean i am not wrong? 19 years without a single thing is more than enough genuine proof, is there something about my energy or what? how is a change in attitude going to change this life lost issue. i am so so lost, i am becoming more and more suicidal by the day, it was a depression feeling before but now i feel i am being rational and logical in taking that route. i have family, who are ridiculously dissfunctional and could not give me anyway worthwhile help, i have pushed away all my friends after realising i was just a downer and that once i cut myself out of their lives they would be happier, which i was spot on. i have become a recluse, timid and bitter prick towards everything. have no backbone, i feel i have no frame of reference for anything. my mental state is deteriorating more and more by the day, i have gone stupider, my vocabulary has halfed, i am slow, even more boring that before, everything i read these days does not register and even if i it did my overall anxiety stops me from using things i have learnt in the first place as i am just constantly stressing every situation. it is easy to say that i need to be kinder to myself but i disagree, i feel like i am a realist and too much if that, and my views of myself are not negative but utter reality. desperately need to change, becoming more suicidal by the day. open to any advice
i am 15f not a native english speaker , never went to therapy and i do not have the courage to ask my parents, not bc they are bad or smth like that, but bc i do not feel like opening up about why i would want to do it. my life is pretty good, i have almost nothing to complain about. but this year i have been feeling super stressed about school and entrance exams, i just hate studying but i do it bc i have to my grades are very good but i still feel guilty for not wanting to go to college only to study more and work after . i do not have a career i want to follow and it worries me like what the hell am i going to do? . i have been having existencial crisis regularly, and it tightens my chest everytime i think about how i dislike life in itself and the whole pain of being alive.i do not do the things i liked before, i cannot find motivation do to anything anymore. i pass my days on my phone, sometimes studying or chatting with my parents. it is kind of boring. i do not feel sad all the time, but i feel empty. i laugh and i can be happy about good things that happen to me, but modt times i am just existing. when i think about my future i am not hopeful, i do not want to study or work. i want to be nothing, i often think it would be better if i did not exist and that i do not have many motives to continue living tho i do not plan on self harming . i am on vacation from school but i am sleeping very late 2am 3am and i feel guilty about that too, i wish i could be motivated to wake up and be productive.i feel like a failure these days. i am not as cool and funny as before, i am not as smart as before. and i am too dependant on my parents, i cannot cook or do a complete housecleaning for example. i do not know how to live independently, i will be an adult in 2 years but i cannot do anything by myself my parents also said that to me . i am living my life on autopilot, i need people telling me what to do. i feel like i am lazy, sometimes i do not eat bc making like simple sandwich seems too much work.i am crying even more recently bc idk what to do. my mind is a confusing mix of you are depressed and stop wanting to have a mental illness just bc you think it is cool . i feel like a bad sister bc i am too rude to my little sister, i do not show much affection towards her and i do not play with her that much i feel so guilty about it but i cannot help it, when i see i already did all these things . and a bad daughter bc i do not help my mother at chores as much as she needs. i am so tired of living with regrets, i regret that i was not a bettet person every single day. i cannot seem to change myself.sorry about my rant, i hope i can find good advice here. you can ask me anything if you need more info. am i depressed?
hey guys, i m31 have been depressed as long as i can remember, but realized it just 7 years ago. until then i thought everybody must feel like this and that i was just weak. since then i was in therapy 3 times. had panic attacks and 2 burn outs. i feel miserable most of the time and have suicidal thoughts every few weeks. when i started therapy for the first time, i felt really great afterwards and i thought great, that is it. i have the positive thinking in place and can move on with my life. that was at the end of university. i also met my girlfriend at this time and was as happy as never before in my life.i started with a lot of energy into my first job in a small company and worked my way up from technician to a management position within 2 years.at the end i was under constant tension and my stomach hurt all the time. i thought a raise would give me the motivation to keep on going. but i quit the day after i got a 20 raise, because i realized that i did not feel anything changing in this moment. i went to the doctor, because i felt miserable and he told me, i had a burnout. i was sick for a month and could almost only lie in bed and do nothing else.after this has happened, i started a therapy again for a few months. fast forward 3 years. i try not to overwork myself, but i am in a constant spiral of being angry, feeling miserable, feeling weak overworked and wanting to quit whatever i am doing, i often just wish to disappear. my relationship is suffering a lot from this, because i can not see any perspective to lead a normal life, if i keep on breaking down every 6 months.my father had a stroke, a few weeks ago and died after 10 days in the hospital where i visited him every day. when i heard about his stroke, i was worried of course, but at the same time i suddenly had energy, focus and the will to change things in my life. i wanted to learn from his mistakes. this held for a few weeks. a few weeks have passed since the funeral and i feel as miserable as before. it feels strange that i actually felt so good when there was an actual reason to feel bad.since my last breakdown, i started to mistrust my judgemental skills. this constant rollercoaster of feelings really freaks me out. i want to have children with my girlfriend in a few years, but i am so scared to just not be able to provide for a family or be a bad parent with this condition.i just made an appointment to apply for another therapy, but i actually lost hope that anything is ever going to help. there would be so many more details to tell about that do not fit into this thread.has anybody actually defeated depression or is it going to be a constant battle for the rest of my life? i am just so tired. i do not know how to go on with my life
tw r pe..hello guys, i know it is weird to post this here but i do not really know anywhere else to vent my frustration.i am an almost 22 year old female, but 5 years ago i was in a very, very toxic, dangerous, and abusive relationship with a 18 year old that, shortly after we finally broke up, r ed a 12 year old boy. he sent me pictures of them together and all that type of fucked up shit. it was very traumatic and to this day it haunts me.i finally spoke up about the situations i went through and de r p e of the kid about 2 years ago, mainly out of fear. i got a lot of backlash for not speaking up earlier, i got called many ugly things, but the thing that hit me the worst was that this guy had a female best friend that we will call c.c called me a liar and defended my abuser in any way she could, denying he would ever do such horrible things despite having screenshots of how abusive he was to me and literally pictures of him with the kid he abused. she also called herself a feminist and her standing against me put lots of other women against me, so i ended up deleting every post where i talked about what happened and even deleted my old facebook and instagram accounts for that reason. police where involved in this too but i dropped the charges, i just did not want to know anything about this anymore. now, this was 2 years ago, but today i was scrolling down instagram and stumbled across c's art account, and while i was looking at her drawings i saw she had made sally face fanart and talked about how much she loved the game and sal the main character of the game .i really do not like gatekeeping and i understand she has the right to like whatever she wants just like i do, and the more people know and play sally face, the better, as it is an indie game and i want the creator to receive as much support as possible.but this really hit me like a bucket of cold water. i know i should not have gone through her account but i was not expecting to see this at all. now i cannot stop myself of thinking of both c and my abuser whenever i see something related to the game. i know it is stupid but i feel like one of my favorite things was taken off me or at least stained by all those memories and i feel awful. it is ruined. my depression has been acting up the last few days i think it has to do with the cold and cloudy weather, as it is winter where i live and i always seem to have a harder time during cold seasons and this just made me feel even worse, i feel like i cannot escape them or the memories. i have been in bed all day crying. it is pathetic. i am an adult crying over someone else liking my favorite game. i found out my abuser's best friend is a fan of my favorite indie game and i have been crying all day
this was 5 days ago now. he was not trying to be hurtful, it was the result of a direct question geared towards him. a year ago, he had shown interest in maybe us becoming more than friends, but it was pretty clear that he changed his mind about it quickly. he started treating me differently talking down to me, being short, not controlling his temper and i started really feeling shitty about myself. i have a lot of codim 29 going on 30, and i have a lot of issues. i have no contact with my family my dad died in a car accident, and my grandmother of cancer. both within a month of eachother. the rest of my family are assholes , two of my closest friends stopped talking to me because of my mental health, i am paying for an apartment i cannot afford, and i graduated recently with a degree in art where tbh, i am mediocre at best. right now, i am waiting tables and having to fake all of my emotions every fucking day and really sell that i care about someone is lunch taking too long. i feel like i cannot really make art, or even enjoy making art, because my depression has gotten so bad. its been so hard to motivate, and i feel like a fucking loser. i am barely sleeping. i work, i go home, i lay on the couch till the sun goes down. at this point, i cannot even listen to music or watch tv anymore because the anxiety of feeling like a worthless pos kicks in, so most of the time i just lay here and do nothing. i am really self conscious about where i am, i feel stuck, and i do not know how to get out of the hole i am in.i drink alone now. i did not even drink until about two years ago. honestly, i do not even really like alcohol that much, it just makes the time go by and makes me not want to eat. i am uncomfortable in my body and have always wanted to be skinny and pretty, and never have been either of those things.so i stupidly and drunkenly called him, and asked what it was exactly that made him change his mind about me. he basically validated everything that i have been feeling that i have no drive, no motivation, and that i have just gotten comfortable. i do not know why i did it, but i told him i had to go, grabbed an xacto, and cut my leg. i had to call out of work for two days because the wound was not really healing, and i did not want to go to the hospital because i am uninsured and afraid of being put on a psychiatric hold. i already have so much fucking debt. i went to work today, but it was really hard and i was in a lot of pain.i do not know what to do with myself. i think things are getting worse, but i cannot afford the help i need, and i feel so fucking alone. my best friend told me what he really thinks about me over the phone. i was drunk and not in a great headspace. i hung up and self harmed.
i regret backing out of committing suicide pretty often i ve done it three time now overdosed once from the outside i know for a fact i look like a whiny teen i ve been told so many many time i m just tired of relapse i m tired of constantly putting everything i have into being better only to barely get anywhere and then being exhausted i m tired of being yelled at for thing i can t control and being told the same pathetic motivational quote like they ever mean anything i m tired of people praying for me saying i need to ask god for help god wasn t there for me when i wa being sexually assaulted god wasn t there for me when my mom got blackout drunk and beat my sister in front of me god wasn t there when i wa left alone for week because my dad would rather be anywhere else i don t care what people say god isn t real there is no divine protection and there is no savior there s life and death what happens in between is your problem i m tired of being labeled a mental case i m tired of seeing hallucination having flashback and i m tired of feeling manic i m tired of relying on prescription drug to be good enough for society i wish i had done in then because i have thing to live for now i have responsibility and thing that mean something to me it s like a dog having a bone dangled just far enough to where they can t get it i ve come to term that i ll never be what my parent wanted me to be and that my sister took on that role for me at a young age a nurse at dating to marry with a nice house in a nice neighborhood i m struggling to even have the will to get up and enroll myself in community college it s pathetic i work but i work at a sport bar and because of my disability my hour keep getting cut turn out nobody want to hire someone who can t be around many people or loud noise that go into a manic episode if triggered the more i think about what i am the more depressed i get without the medication i d most likely be labeled insane and put in a glorified prison again i take a lot of drug and still see and hear the shit that i do and i don t remember half of my life when i wa off of them i keep getting told that it s my fault by my mom and she is basically begging me to do something but nothing i ever do is good enough so why keep trying i don t know it s not logical to commit suicide at this point but i can t deny that i secretly hope a semi turn my car into a crushed can on my way to work ptsd severe depression crippling anxiety and psychotic disorder are not a good mix especially when you re lucid i don t know if i have a future i ve proven safe for society with reasonable accommodation but at what point doe it even matter anymore the fact that i need a crutch immediately set me apart and people notice
i just want to know what its like, just fucking once. i have gone my whole fucking life without it. my dad hit me more times than he hugged me. my mum did not give two shits about me, tried to kill herself 3 times before i even turned 12 just to prove that point. and that is not to mention all the other shit they both put on me. never even had friends growing up, moved around too much, just did my best to assimilate with new groups by wearing masks and leaving them behind just as quickly.only ever had one friend in adulthood. think she did care about me for a while, but i fell in love with her and she did not feel the same way. between that and my constant mentally ill bullshit, guess i scared her away because she is barely spoken to me at all for almost 2 years now and i have not seen her in just as long.never had a girlfriend either. cannot imagine it would be anything but a total fucking disaster and i do not think i can handle losing someone i actually care about because of my own bullshit again. tried using shit like tinder but it fucking sucks. besides, i know i am not good enough for a relationship so what the fuck am i even trying to accomplish by asking women out? sex is just fucking pointless to me at this point so i really do not know what the end goal is and i just stop bothering.i know people say you have got to love yourself first but i do not know what the fuck that feels like because i have nothing to go off. feels like i am caught in an endless cycle of cannot be loved till i love myself and cannot love myself until i learn what being loved is like. its fucking torture. do not even think it fucking matters anymore, think i have lost the ability to be around people anymore anyway. cannot handle it. every time i have tried to make myself be around people or make new friends i just get fucking agitated with everyone and want to be left the fuck alone. cannot even hold down a job anymore because i cannot speak to the public on a regular basis without doing shit that gets me fired. people just aggravate me and i do not know how to fix that. medication does not fix it, does not do fucking anything, neither does therapy. guess there is no solution.just so fucking sick of being completely alone in the world, having to do all this shit by myself every fucking day, with nothing ever getting better or easier. and its a fucking catch 22 because the longer this shit goes on the harder it gets to be around anyone, the worse my truest issues get and the more i realise i am probably always going to be fucking unstable to some degree and ill never be good enough to have relationships and shit because i have got nothing to offer but chaos and self destruction. i just wish one fucking person loved me
life has not been great, even before i was born my family has had it is issues, so great start there . my brother was given brain damage as a baby, my parents are both seriously antisocial, so you can imagine how lonely i was and what my social skills use to be like, i was bullied for a lot of my life. i started smoking weed to cope with it and it helped alot it does not get me high anymore, yet i still smoke and then i met a girl, she was perfect. everything i wanted and needed, life started looking up i started getting better! i travelled 20 miles sometimes multiple times a week, just to see her, i felt like i met my soulmate. she was playing me from the beginning, after she dumped me bs reasons it took like 2 years to get over it and when i did it hit me, she used me for my time and money and for sex. i did not see it because it was my first relationship and i felt loved for the first time in my life, i was so blinded and when i realised what really happed, i was thrown back into that dark pit again. i have not been the same since, stuff i use to enjoy now brings me no pleasure. i cannot stop feeling alone in a room full of my friends, no one understands me, i cannot deal with how i feel anymore. no one cares. people only have me in their lives because i am useful, not because of who i am. i am so tired. i just want to be happy.i have no idea who i am anymore.i am not good at anything apart from gaming and sucking at life. i have no job. i no longer have any ambitions or confidence.i have no one to confide in.i feel sad all the time. i cannot trust my closet friends or family.i am alot easier to make angry now i use to always have a tight lid on my anger, always i do not even get nightmares anymore. i have pleasant dreams. ones were i am cuddled up in bed with a beautiful girl sometimes my ex and were laughing and having fun. and then i wake up, to no one. and i am reminded how alone i really am, and then i cry.i feel so tormented by life. i hardly eat. i do not look after myself. i cannot look in the mirror without wanting to punch it and start cutting myself with the glass..i have given suicide serious thought multiple times. but i will never do it. instead i purposely make life hurt, i starve myself, smoke heavily, get into serious debt. i want to take the long route to my grave. but not because i want to live but because i want to suffer, slowly. and in the end, hopefully an agonising death. all because i am too much of a pussy to end it. i have tried seeking help, but i keep giving up. i feel so weak and cold. i am so, so tired. i do not know how much longer i can keep doing thiswhenever i do die. i do not want a funeral i just want to be cremated and thrown away. forgotten about. so tired
hi,i am a 28 year old she will of a man from the uk suffering with severe depression and most likely an undiagnosed mental illness!i entered such a dark corner of my mind that i tried to take my own life in 2016 and i lost my bottle at the very last moment, now i am what i call, stuck alive.i saw the potential effects that my suicide would have had, everyone told me how upset they were and how distraught they would be if i died.i also remember being distraught, distraught that i had lost my bottle and been saved, distraught that i had woken up in the nightmare i tried to escape from.ever since that day, i have been stuck alive, too depressed and suicidal to achieve anything, believe anything, want anything, feel anything... angry at myself and everyone else that i am not dead and do not have the bottle to end it, my step brother died a couple of years ago from an accidental recreational drug overdose and i wished it was me, he was only 18! why is the world so cruel?this of course highlighted again how devastating a death in the family would be.each day that passes i slip deeper and deeper into despair, i know this is happening i just cannot stop it, meanwhile my partner of 13 years has become a full time alcoholic that blames me for every problem she has within herself, i am open minded, but something tells me if she left me she would quickly discover these kind of problems are rampant within people our age.i am struggling to see the point anymore, pre pandemic i was doing my dream job, still wanted to kill myself but found myself being too busy to even think about it that much... it was more of an inconvenient intrusive thought at that stage.we scraped our way through doing any work that was available, being mistreated at each company of course, i fear the mental scars that my partner and i now both have on top of our pre existing issues is just too much to return to normal ity.she is pressuring me to have a child, people our age tend to feel like we are failing due to seeing previous generations achieve things that are 10x harder for us to facilitate, like providing security and stability for a child!i am receiving professional help, albeit very slowly via the nhs but the poor buggers are overrun as usual and things do not move quickly at all, i am wondering if other people can relate to this permanent lust for what is quite simply a smidge of happiness, i have never felt joy or pride or love and that is all i have ever wanted, i do not need money i just want fulfillment, i just want to wake up in the morning with no immediate desire to die!let me know if you relate, i seem to feel better hearing other people relate to me otherwise i convince myself i am the problem! maybe i am??? am i dead?
27. female. asian. still live at home with parents. jobless. never had a relationship. no longer have friends, irl or online. the only people i hang out with are family.my days are spent cooped up in my room on my pc, playing video games, watching anime, or reading random things.i am short and a little fat. my diet is shit and my posture is poor.do not smoke, drink, or do any drugs. ig i am what you could call boring.i have bad social anxiety and i am going to poor social skills.zero confidence in myself.i have only ever had 2 jobs in my life, neither that lasted more than 3 months warehouse jobs . my last job was in 2018. idek how to do taxes.i am interested in electronics and working tinkering with my hands but my parents wanted to me to go into nursing medical school so bad. for them. not for me. i had no choice but to comply.eventually dropped out of college in 2017 bc of money and failing grades math and public speaking especially .scared to go back to school because i feel like its too late and i am getting too old to start over. i was a bio major, changed to nursing, then computer engineering and eventually dropped out. i also think i am just too dumb to return to school...it was only until recently that i realized i never had a positive female figure in life growing up. the boys in my family, extended and immediate, were always treated better. my mom was not quite a tiger parent, but she was never supportive or encouraging of anything i was interested in.been compared to other people by my mother for as long as i can remember. i failed my parents by not living up to their expectations and this is one of the things that kill me the most.want to find a job but at the same time, i am terrified. outside of the current pandemic and the rise of the delta variant, the thought of talking to people gives me anxiety and also i just feel like i am not qualified for anything bc of no barely any work experience no matter the job.i stay at home almost 24 7. i have no actual talents or skills. sure i have hobbies, but i do not delve too deep into them bc money is always an issue.no longer under my parents' insurance so i have no access to medical care. i want so badly to get professionally diagnosed and treated for my anxiety and depression and whatever else i may have.besides attempting to drink more water, taking necessary vitamins, and watching what i eat, i do not really know where to start to turn my life around.i can only clean my room so many times...i am honestly surprised i have not killed myself yet but the option is always on the table.i feel like there is no more hope for me and time is running out.i wish life had a reset button. i want to see the light at the end of the tunnel so bad...
hi,i am a 28 year old she will of a man from the uk suffering with severe depression and most likely an undiagnosed mental illness!i entered such a dark corner of my mind that i tried to take my own life in 2016 and i lost my bottle at the very last moment, now i am what i call, stuck alive.i saw the potential effects that my suicide would have had, everyone told me how upset they were and how distraught they would be if i died.i also remember being distraught, distraught that i had lost my bottle and been saved, distraught that i had woken up in the nightmare i tried to escape from.ever since that day, i have been stuck alive, too depressed and suicidal to achieve anything, believe anything, want anything, feel anything... angry at myself and everyone else that i am not dead and do not have the bottle to end it, my step brother died a couple of years ago from an accidental recreational drug overdose and i wished it was me, he was only 18! why is the world so cruel?this of course highlighted again how devastating a death in the family would be.each day that passes i slip deeper and deeper into despair, i know this is happening i just cannot stop it, meanwhile my partner of 13 years has become a full time alcoholic that blames me for every problem she has within herself, i am open minded, but something tells me if she left me she would quickly discover these kind of problems are rampant within people our age.i am struggling to see the point anymore, pre pandemic i was doing my dream job, still wanted to kill myself but found myself being too busy to even think about it that much... it was more of an inconvenient intrusive thought at that stage.we scraped our way through doing any work that was available, being mistreated at each company of course, i fear the mental scars that my partner and i now both have on top of our pre existing issues is just too much to return to normality.she is pressuring me to have a child, people our age tend to feel like we are failing due to seeing previous generations achieve things that are 10x harder for us to facilitate, like providing security and stability for a child!i am receiving professional help, albeit very slowly via the nhs but the poor buggers are overrun as usual and things do not move quickly at all, i am wondering if other people can relate to this permanent lust for what is quite simply a smidge of happiness, i have never felt joy or pride or love and that is all i have ever wanted, i do not need money i just want fulfillment, i just want to wake up in the morning with no immediate desire to die!let me know if you relate, i seem to feel better hearing other people relate to me otherwise i convince myself i am the problem! maybe i am??? am i dead?
i will not be able to experience what normal people do, yet i get to suffer a thousand times more. every day. i waste my life knowing i waste it and i will not get this dream life i thought my life was going to be like the first 26 years i spent on this life.i am currently 27, about to hit 28 and i found out last september right before i was going to turn 27 that i had a mild autism. 5 years prior to that i got epilepsy and i have been isolated from severe social anxiety and depression since 2011, which is the year i was diagnosed with add. while born with a stutter.i grew up thinking only my stutter was the only thing holding me back yet i felt like a fucking freak. a mistake of nature. but that i was going to at least satisfy my interest in cars by driving them, have me amp my friends journey life together, go to parties, live my teens like a teen, have girlfriends, have a job and not have anything stand in my way apart from a bit of a bump in my speech. but that was not the case. at all. i have always been this very mute, socially awkward guy everybody is scared of. until they talk to me and find out i am not that bad. but with my inability to read so much socially i have to rely on others to start the conversation.this autism answers many questions. there are a lot of things i do not understand with this world when it comes to the social stuff. it is just so damn frustrating, because even if i want to be social and have friends i just do not fucking know how to do it. i am so out of touch with so much on the internet despite fucking being isolated on it for 10 fucking years. been so damn scared of social stuff that i have just played singleplayer games and watched a few youtube channels over and over and over because discovering stuff is also so damn... scary somehow. everything just falls down and confuses me. fucking everything. i get the impressions and how you should think to crash with each other. to name a few, you should not be mainstream while being against mainstream is considered bad. do not be casual and to be hardcore can sometimes be cringey. i am just so confused so when i pick on youtube channels, music artists and such i pick from groups of people i follow that i think are not mainstream casual and not edgy but in the middle and go from who they know. and how people find these in the middle or edgy people are so confusing to me. same with everything internet meme. always wondered that. i feel so outside, so lacking in everything. and in these 10 years i have made so much progress outside with my social anxiety but i keep failing and making it the other way when it comes to online. multiplayer games are pretty much impossible. it feels as if i was not meant for this world
hey guys,i have been depressed most my adult life but these past few years have been really bad. back in 2016 i developed this headache and neck pain that to this day pretty much runs my whole life. i have had a headache of just about every minute of every day since one specific day in 2016. no doctor has ever been able to figure out. so i am forced to just live in pain and basically act like its not there if i want to try and do much of anything. i had dreams and goals since i was in hs. i wanted to be a p.h.d molecular biologist doing some sort of academic research or work in industry. i worked really hard and got into the best uni in my state, got a full ride, and during college did fairly well with a lot of new aspirations developing. i was depressed on and off during this time. usually having to do with girls or test grades or finances. stuff that you can deal with. but all in all i had a lot of friends and would say i was generally a happy person.then the headache hit. i always thought it would just go away one day but as the months grew i started to isolate and become incredibly depressed. i got through school but it was so ugly. had to use substances just so that i could even study molecular biology. at this point i was starting to get really upset with everything. often i would get upset with my friends and peers because they did not have to deal with this. i would get invited to stuff but honestly nothing is fun anymore, especially social situations. i moved across the country after college to get a job and hopefully start fresh. but nothing changed. at this point i am basically certain this medical condition and the depression are here to stay forever. imagine having a good child hood, got everything we needed, great education growing up, no child trauma at all, get a full ride for the school degree you have been wanting for years and graduate. only to realize that nothing you accomplish will make you happy. it hurts more than the headache itself lately. my soul is wounded and i have completely lost hope. i have been on and off meds for a few years and none of them help.and the thing that makes me suicidial is when my friends and family act like i am doing great because i have a fancy job a nice car and my own place. i have told them how i experience the world and some of them just do not believe it and attack my character. i feel like a lost sheep alienated from the world. i am basically jealous of every single person i interact with. lately i will be walking around near my apartment and i will seriously get jealous of homeless people. all i want is to enjoy this beautiful world and enjoy my accomplishments and the company of loved ones. depression and chronic health problems
my dad always says it is all about perspective. we all have our windows through which we see the world, and our reality is how we chose to perceive it. sometimes, even the most complex problem just requires a shift in perspective, or a view through another person's window, before it can be solved with ease.i have given up on life. i am not quite sure how to describe it, i guess it is just one of those things you know, like when you are in love, when you are hungry or just need the loo. i suppose the symptoms are easily identifiable apathy, melancholy, depression, fatigue, lethargy, etc, but there is a less medical term that i think describes it better my light has gone out.who i am does not really matter, though for completeness's sake my executive summary details are 21 male, 2nd year engineering student from south africa, caucasian with danish and english ancestry, single, always have been, probably on the spectrum, no friends anymore.i have buried my best and closest friend, and another four friends over the past five years. i have been wrongfully accused of a crime that i never committed, which took the system a year of intimidation, court rooms and sever depression and anxiety to determine that she had made it all up. i have been a victim of extortion, blackmail and cybercrimes, involving intimidation, fear and had no one to talk to. i am the eldest of three, and the eldest of my family's generation and link that keeps my stressed out family together. i have felt the feeling of loving another, but never the feeling of it being mutual. i was once a happy child in a happy house with a dream of changing the world, and the aptitude to do it. but today, i do not see the point of it all. my friends are dead, the person i am in love with, and the only person i have every loved, does not feel the same way. i have horrors tormenting me each night that i cannot tell anyone about, i am half way through second year and i have only been on campus for four weeks before lockdown, i do not have much money, i have lost focus on studies altogether and i am only 21 years old.perspective. the only thing my sorry engineering mind could come up with was getting a different perspective on things, and maybe, just maybe i might find a path that will lead me to, well, enlightenment i.e. to get the light back .you obviously do not know me from a bar of soap, but maybe i need impersonal advice, i do not know. as the title suggests, despite living in the tech world since before i could walk, this is my first and only online post. i am a shy person who is got nowhere to go and looking for some guidance.thanks my first and only online post. i think i may be giving up on life, but looking for a reason not to.
23 year old male here. i just found out that life is extremely boring and those tiny little moments of joy are very few and you just cannot force them to happen. i have been always fascinated in creating stuff to entertain myself and others because life is just too boring. but i burned out and i had to leave my creative part behind only to burn out again doing traditional boring work. i was always the weird crazy cousin who would host hounted attractions in my bedroom just to keep my other cousins entertained. i had an icarly.com rip off kind of website that i created with some friends when i was barely 10. i made a lot of videos and movies using sims characters and habbo characters. i used to play a lot as a kid and had fun. i know all of that sounds stupid but the point is that i used to be creative and joyful at some point of my life. but, as always, life happened. i grew up, i developed a bunch of insecurities, became a nerd, i turned out to be gay, i fell apart, developed a porn addiction, my social anxiety started to rise, stopped hanging out with my childhood ex friends, put all of my teen energy on having good grade and after graduating i decided to go into business since i knew that i would be a financial burden to my single unemployed mother had i chosen a career related to film amp arts in a third world country. but now, i graduated from college i did great thankfully tho , and i have been working at a bank for more than year dealing with coding and database of which i had no previous experience knowledge on while working remotely due to covid, spending most of my days locked in my room feeling empty, stressed out, and suicidal at how my life has turned out. i told to myself that next year i would apply to an international scholarship to do a master's degree because everyone in my circle is persuing that and i do not want to fall behind. but i still do not even know the master's degree i want to do. i am stuck. it makes no sense to persue a master's degree in arts after graduating from business school. i hate this gray career path that my 18 year old naive self chose and my 23 year old self decided to maintain. i feel like a zombie, hair falling out, agong fast, nothing makes sense, i am extremely bored, i struggle doing minimal stuff. but i feel stuck and idk what to do. i have been thinking about building an online social media platform to have an audience and monetize it so that i can become my own boss. but i still do not know what it will be about. i am sick of boring stuff. i feel stuck and i do not know how long i will put of with this. reality is too boring for me so that kind of explains why i struggle to be mindful reality is too damn boring for me!
a few months ago, i would be making yet another post on this subreddit. i was at my lowest. to get to that point of my life, the point of my life where i literally wanted to end it, i had years of social isolation, an adolescence scarred and stolen from me by bullying that left me with ptsd and being too scared to leave my own fucking house, being diagnosed with aspergers and depression, put on medication and coming literally to the edge of life and death. and you know what? i survived. i am a survivor. i have come to the realisation that there literally is nothing left in life that can frighten me. no height too high. no space too small. no flight too bumpy. no bully too big. i fear nothing, but fear itself. the thing that has scared me the most? my emotions. being so traumatised, so low that i felt i had nothing to live for. has anything changed? not really. i still have no friends. i am still a confused, screwed up teen well young adult i am 18 now , who'se still yet to experience anything you would expect from someone that age, still unemployed and still just as restless as ever. but what has changed? i embraced the mindset of a survivor. i stopped viewing myself as a victim. that is not to say i am a victim. i have been treated horiffically, an outcast by the society around me for my entire adolesence. but if i can survive years of loneliness, being bullied relentless for months on end, effectively imprisoned for fear of being attacked when i went out, night upon night of waking up in pools of sweat reliving the terror i experienced or might experience in the future, being on the edge of life and death, i can survive anything. this is the only positive thing i have posted on here. probably one of the few positive things on here. my advice? stop reading or posting on this subreddit until you are in a better place. it is filled with very angry, very desperate and sad people like how i was and let us face it, i still have days like that , wallowing in an echo chamber where their worthlessness is projected to thousands of other like minded people who believe that they too are equally worthless. if things have got that bad in your life that you thought about ending it, and you did not, then you are a survivor too. everyone is pain tolerance threshold is different, and if you did not give into that voice that told you you were better of dead, you have survived. my journey has only just begun. i am not sure where exactly the road i am on is taking me, but hopefully it is somewhere better than the place i have been at for the last several months. it might be a long, sometimes bumpy ride, but i will get there. one way or the other. because i am a survivor. i am a survivor.
idk if this belongs here or not because i do not think i am depressed, just extremely sad from time to time, but i could not think of where else to post. i am 17 and have extremely religious parents who also expect me to be extremely religious. there are many restrictions like having to wear a headscarf, not being able to travel, not being allowed a boyfriend, having to marry the first guy i like and a whole lot of other things. the point is, it is a lot. i was kind of okay with this my whole life because i felt it was just what i had to do and there were no other options, this was the only life i knew. but i realised i was bisexual and did not believe in islam a while back and was trying to keep it a secret because i knew my family and friends would abandon me if they knew. but one day, it all just became too much and i told my mum i was bi. she told me she would throw me out of the house and that she should stone me to death and that i was not her daughter anymore. i convinced her that i was never going to do anything with my feelings towards girls and that i hated my feelings and she calmed down. the next day, she went through my diary and found out about the leaving islam and called me back from school. it was a big day, but they said they forgave me and i had to be a muslim again. i said i was and they think i am still a muslim rn, when i am not. if they ever found out, they would stop talking to me and everyone would turn their backs on me. i would be a social pariah. because of all this, i did not study for some important exams i have extremely soon and now i will probably fail. i feel worthless, like i am a disappointment because i could not push through and study like i should have. i feel like an outsider, having to pretend is so difficult and the fear of being found out is really horrible. i feel like a loser because i could not even do a bit of simple studying and feel so horrible because i feel like i have been rejected by almost every single person i love. everyone will pretend i never existed and my parent's said it will be like they never had a daughter if i am not a muslim anymore. i really, really hate myself and i have an exam tomorrow and i do not know what to do because i may very well fail it.i cut my finger today, because my emotions were just too much and idk why i did it. i promised i would not do it again but then scratched my leg about half an hour later. it is the first time i have done this and i do not want to carry on because i know it is bad, but i really feel like i will and it is scaring me. 17f everyone i love will pretend i never existed of they find out i am bi not religious. will fail exams. kind of self harmed for the first time
i have met this guy, who i thought was the most amazing guy i have met in a long time. we seemed to be really into each other, enjoyed each other company, went on about 4 dates that had me fall for him badly.i have a history of disastrous dating experiences, most people i have seen never even got to the dating stage, it is just how i am, makes people want to distant themselves.i have noticed this time i came on too strong, like i confessed him how much i was into him after a couple dates. my social anxiety makes me shut down my personality when i am with someone i like, because i am scared of being judged. my mind just goes in auto pilot, i blank, i stutter and do not even realise i am being weird until afterwards, thinking i should have been more spontaneous. i think to his eyes i might have appeared like i did not want to deepen our connection, looked uninterested and uninteresting, all because i was not comfortable with myself being around him.also think that the quality of our dates was not varied enough, which might have quickly killed the interest, we were just hanging out at each others' with no real plan or activity set in place, so that might have made it stale.it kind of died when we agreed to meet up one weekend where he said he would let me know if he was free, then never called and have not heard from him since then.i am so sad and annoyed that i have allowed the fear of being myself in front of him being the reason of him getting bored of me.i have been through a hell of a year, escaping an abusive friendship which has made me miserable for a good part of my days, and is still causing me mental distress. i have only slightly mentioned this to him, without going too much into detail because i did not want to freak him out, just like i have left out many of the issues that i struggle with with my mental health.i cannot see any light, i want to be better, i want to make me happy and be happy with someone, i just never know how much of me it is okay to share with someone. they freak out if i tell them i like them, they freak out if i stay silent, they freak out if i talk about my demons. i know i should talk about what makes me interesting, my dreams, my values and what i believe in, the truth is i do not have enough self esteem to even be able to believe in myself, if i talk about my dreams out loud i would sound unexciting because i have always been the last person to believe in me. it is a lot to ask anyone to put up with such an emotional mess, i know no one is perfect, but i doubt anyone would want to start a relationship if they fear their partner would be problematic to be around. i might have freaked out the guy i thought i would start dating
so bit of background first, i am in my early 20s and diagnosed depression and anxiety disorder, i have been taking 40mg citalopram for the past 7 months. before that i would been upped from 10mg 20mg then 30mg 40mg 3 months prior to being on 40mg long term.i do not know where to begin honestly as there is alot i could talk about , i could go on for a while. so i just have one question really. also kind of a vent but i will try and keep with it.so on and off since i was around 13 14 i have always fantasized my own death, like it was never a common occurrence in my mind but when it did prop up it would stuck for a while usually from around to 1 2 weeks . at this time i would just think about if i did die, how people would react to it and if it would be worth it.this faded around 16 after i tried to take my own life and had only just started to get help as i had a myriad of things going on in my mind i just could not understand and it frustrated me. as soon as i started college a few months later i had dropped all the help i had been given and then just started to crumble and took to drinking and using drugs.when i inevitably left college after quiting my 2nd year towards the end due to an incident, my mental health went on a huge decline.everyday i just feel like i am all out of energy, like my own body has given up. i think about past events constantly, wishing i could change them. how things could have been if i did not make one simple choice here and there. just constant regret playing on a loop in my mind and it is just tormenting. this lead to me thinking about myself dying alot more than i have in the past. in the past 6 months alone it is just been constant, it burdens my mind daily no matter what i do. i cannot find joy in anything at the moment or even stick to a single thing and keep myself motivated as my mind always slips into grim thoughts no matter what.the enjoyment has been stripped from my life, right now it just feels like i am completely lost and idk what to do anymore. the days roll on without me even noticing anymore as i just cannot focus properly.i am getting professional help but i just feel like it is not working anymore, they just speak to me and it is just words that mean nothing really. i have kept to my medication and have tried to follow advice but all motivation is gone.i feel so lost rn, i have no direction. no goal, no motive. no anything really, i do not have a life as its just thoughts and nothing else. idk what i am asking. is it normal ? is there any advice you could give? how do i break the cycle of thoughts and just let myself be me, it is getting really hard to like keep having to deal with it day in and day out question?
he asked if i wanted to fight multiple times but i never fought him because i was scared of getting a black eye or something like that, because he was bigger than me and had tattoos and was obviouslly insane. i know why i did not fight, because if i did i would be wasting time that i couls be using on work, and there would be a possibility that one of us would get really really hurt really badly, but i still feel like a huge coward for not fighting him, maybe me feeling a coward is something he projected onto me, because the look in his eyes were basically telling me that if i did not fight him i was a coward, but as mentioned above it does not mean that i am a coward if i did not fight this piece of sht, it meant that i was saving us both time, and was not letting this insane mentally ill person let his anger out on me, because he obviouslly was walking around looking for a fight, so it would be stupid of me to let him get his wish, because i obviouslly do not deserve to get hit in the face by someone for no reason at all, he basically was looking for a punching bag to let his anger out. but the thing is that he would never get rid of his anger, or maybe he would. but knowing all this i still cannot sleep at night because that situation made me completely lose control over my life, because it means that whenever someone like him will want to physically dominate me they could and would and there would be nothing i could do about it. with this thought racing in the back of my mind constantly obviouslly i cannot fall asleep, i feel hopeless and furious. the thing also is that i could find him online and talk sht to him that way, but he quit his job and left literally the next day, so i never coukd get a resolution to this situation and i never heard his name or anything like that, so that is just a person that came into my life, bullied me, and just like that left without consequences which feels depressing. i am typing this still lying in bed, i have slept only about 3 hours max i think, this is all i have been thinking about all night. ofcourse i could workout and learn how to fight to feel more confident, but these two things show only that i have been controlled by these people into putting my time into things that i do not want to do which again is super depressing. anyone should feel safe in this society whether or not they know how to defend themselves. this person that did this to me is a son of a bitch and is most likely laughing at me right now knowing how much he has impacted my life with such a minor thing, and how easily he can control the emotions of someone like me. i am depressed and furious that i did not fight a bully at work that mocked me
my friend use to hear voice she would hear voice in her head of people talking to her but the voice have gone away or at least that is what she think say she think that her neighbour are out to get her she think that her neighbour are plotting to kill her she also think that her neighbour have killed someone else because she said that she heard them admit it and she recorded them admitting that they killed someone she said that her neighbour talk shit about her and want to harm her and say sexual thing to and about her she life in an apartment building and they live right underneath her so she will sit by her window and she will record them because she think that they are talking crap about her and saying that they want to kill and harm her so she will record them trying to get a much evidence a she possible can so she can go to the police the thing is though that nobody else can hear these recording only she can she wa at my house yesterday and she wa playing these recording to u and a the video wa playing she wa like see they just said this and then she would tell u what they said but we don t hear nothing it is completely quiet my boy friend literally had the phone up to his ear and didn t hear anything and she wa a few foot away from him and she supposedly heard it so loud me my boyfriend and other people have listened to these recording and no one else heard anything but her and she say that she hears them talking so loudly when to u it is completely quiet and she is so positive and confident that these recording are real because every video that she ha anytime that she listens to it she always hears the exact same thing on each video so it is not like every single time that she listens to the video she hears something different she ha like video of her neighbour talking about her and every video she hears the same thing like every video say something different but no matter how many time she listens to each video it always say that same thing that it said last time that is why she belief that it is true but again nobody else hears anything the video she show up is completely quiet and no one is talking ha anyone experienced this do you know anyone that ha experience this it is so hard and difficult to watch her go through this because i have been so supportive to her ever since i met her year ago and i will continue being supportive but when i tell her that we don t hear anything she get fraustrated and mad because she hears it i understand why she is fraustrated though because hearing voice that other people don t hear i get can be very stressful and frustrated but i am just stuck it s hard watching someone you love go through this i need advice
hello to whomever might be reading.the last nine months have been hell for me. i have been through legal issues caused by someone else, that made it impossible for me to work while that was being sorted out, and i am only now able to start working again but i have lost my whole savings trying to support myself for months. i have also been only able to afford a meal a day since around april, so i am all sorts of weak right now. in that time, i have also been heavily triggered by ptsd caused by abuse in my childhood as the abusive parent was the one that caused those legal issues that affected me. i would also been unable to do any activities since covid 19 that were fundamental to my mental wellbeing. now that work is starting, i am working six day weeks and waiting for my first paycheck in august so i can start eating regularly again. being depressed, i found it hard to find enjoyment in anything, and still do. and yes, my mind has and continues to go to dark places, and i am actively trying to counter them with tools i have gotten in therapy over the years, and some days are more successful than others.so for the past year, the only constant thing i would enjoyed was a video game. in time, i even stopped enjoying the gameplay itself but fell in love with its characters, one in particular who reminded me a lot of myself. he was just so adorable and sweet, even if the graphics were a little behind the times. so when i had nothing else going on, i could just play the game and take comfort in his presence. it was one of the only few things i had for comfort.the company making the video game just recently announced that they were remodeling the characters and my character looks very different. he feels and looks like a completely new person. and while it might seem very trivial... it was pretty much the last straw that broke me down. i have contacted the company a few times, no response, and they do not address it on social media. and i avoid social media because people are quick to insult you for feeling so strongly about a video game character. i am just finding it hard to play this game anymore, which leaves me with... nothing. no other video game, no other activity, no other comfort character. it is like when your favorite character dies in a movie or book, except then you can still go back and enjoy them. with this, he is just... gone. it feels like i have lost a close friend.i feel empty. i would rather not be told how trivial all this might seem, because intellectually, i know. i just would very much like to be understood and empathized with right now so i can try to muster the strength to move on. my last straw was a change in the video game i play
when the pandemic started, i found myself without a job. having also withdrawn from a practicum program which i was in to become a teacher withdrew due to receiving abuse from a supervisor i have no more passion for teaching kids , i started 2020 with the hope that i can find a better career, a full time 9 5 office job hopefully. pandemic turned this all around. i only have a part time job and self employment gig. a good thing is that the employer likes my work and gives me more hours and responsibilities, but i am unsure if my job field is suitable for me in terms of income and stability. i do not even know the full reality of this job adult education , since we have not gone back to an in person setting yet. after i find out more, i can decide to go back to school to get more credentials. i tell myself, let us wait until september when we go back in person and let us wait until i successfully finish this project next year so i can leave a good impression, but i am 25, and i just feel so behind. just so behind because at this age, i have not even decided my career, have no full time job, and most of all, still live with my family. i feel like an adult baby. since the job is remote, i am stuck at home most of the time. it is so boring but most of all, it utterly feels suffocating to be at home because i am left with my ruminating thoughts filled with self resentment. i feel so guilty every time when i do my hobbies. i tell myself, a loser like me cannot waste time away enjoying hobbies. after getting vaccinated, i have been doing day trips to escape the dullness of my home and rumination. however, these day trips are just temporary escapes, and i am back to 0 when i come back home. i desperately want to move out i can afford a room rent with my income , but i just feel so lifeless insideafraid to try anything new. this is different from how i was last year when i was extremely busy. i have no motivation to do anything. after i finish work, i just lay on my bed and use social media that makes me feel worse. i have no energy to go for a walk, let alone do self improvement. i tried to do cbt on my own but had no energy to continue. i tried to look for a low cost counsellor, but counselling did not do miracles for me, and i feel hopeless. i just want to escape, but there is no escape. i feel trapped inside. any advice on coping with this somehow? i have no outlet to discuss this with anyone, so at least it feels good to write it down here. tl dr stuck at home with self resentment due to my bleak career options. still living with my family. feeling no motivation and just lifeless in general. i am stuck in limbo. i have no motivation and hope for the future
how do i make it in life when i know everything i literally know everything when it come to human nature you see i m a very observant person and i dislike human but i m a human and have human nature in me so wtf do i do guy who are taller with bigger dick get the girl while you re just here with nothing you see i want to not give a fuck about chick but what do i do you see i m with inch i m so insecure that i injured my dick jelqing wa and now but plz don t try you probably get hurt i m still little hurt but it doesn t bother me luckily i m healed not fully but it s doesn t bother me much just a slight feeling that you learn to ignore you see what i mean i m fucked up i see everything i ve been in many people shoe the best basketball player the tallest in school and when i wa younger short and chubby with nobody liking me but i feel a though i m still not enough because they re guy with more than me and since girl only like me because i m with inch she s gon na like the guy 9 with 9inches more than me then the guy foot with 0 inch all i m saying is life fucking suck as it all off of appearance you see i m good looking you might say well don t you have a girl friend that s the problem i can t even find a girl i could have in the past and i should have but i wa too fucking stupid to take advantage of life when you re too busy thinking of all the bullshit in the world and how everybody is fake i feel a though people only like me for certain thing and since they re people in the world who have more than me i will never be able to win this race it s like everything is off of appearance you can t choose what you re born like you can t choose your family you can t choose anything physical appearance in life it s like a video game we all player and are selected random character you try to detach yourself a a human being but you d ant escape human instinct i ve tried and keep trying why can t i ever come to a point where vagina doesn t matter money or competing i used to be real and tell myself that all the time when i wa younger but a you grow older and see the truth of this reality it s a very sad one it s like when you get told santa wasn t real except it s with life everything you thought a a youngin turnt out to not be what it seemed it s like i m a alien observing everyone s else action and re action wa a good kid but all the sudden i grow older and a demon is in me porn is partially start of my demon then social medium is also traumatic everybody is dirt is this game we call life shittiest virtual reality ever i m just tired of competing but when i dont complete they laugh like i m a bum and lazy how can i try when i dont wan na play this ficking game
currently i m under and life is hell i have ptsd i wa sexually assaulted at my mom didn t feed me when i didn t do all my homework every day didn t oh and ofc ma hit me when i cried and gaslight me to believe my dad wa actually the abusive one she wa also anti vax and flat earth right when the ptsd started to get better life decided naaaaah i like you in pain so during covid i masked and baisicly hid in my apartment like a bunker i caught covid so you might say so what well guess the duck what turn out i had a dormant gene that cause lupus and covid sparked it and now mom traumatized me so that i never asked for help so now you have lupus literally causing organ failure and i m not going to the hospital my god i wish i died and ducking ofc i lived but not without permanent pain and needing harsh medicine for the rest of my life don t forget about school im at my dad now but guess what he care more about my grade than my physical and mental health so when my grade tanked he yell and guilted me into working harder and i m in the gifted program so i recive a workload nearly x my grade level and now lupus is in the story meaning i can t do school well anymore i have no social life due to being in an enriched class nobody doe anything but work so no friend in fact i got bullied and shoved context if i fall i can t get up due to lupus me around so no suppor there i wa already suicidal before the lupus and now i m in constant agony mentally and physicaly oi i m lesbian and my family is half homophobic and half racist my only friend just us me to get sympathy point for taking care of me nobody even care that every few second it feel like 00 knife are stabbing me that s not hyperbole i am in that much pain that i can not sleep 9 pain make it hard to sleep and no sleep make the pain worse then i get stressed about my grade and then i sleep le and the pain get worse 0 i m just a burden on my family lupus is a very hard condition to live with and it s even harder on dad wallet all i do is just cost him more money my dad yell at me to stop faking when i m having a flash back mom come back electric boogaloo nobody care about how i feel all i do is work work work all day even now i had to lie to dad that i m working in my room to write this my sister fat shame me my dad tell me his grandma had it worse holocaust survivor my nena guilt me into saying i m fine and doing more all dad care about are grade my brother is never there my friend only care about themselves and say they have it worse i just want the pain to stop please i just want it to end i m in constant pain my life is hell and i m in so much pain breathing hurt and there is nothing the doctor can do
life just gets worse and worse every year. each year i have fewer and fewer friends amp today i had a kind of realisation about how few real friends i have left. i feel so left behind, and so behind in life. it seems that everyone else or at least my friends go through rough times but then find some sort of joy eventually, whereas my life is just grey and constantly disappointing. in every situation where me and a friend have been bonding and laughing over not having a relationship job or just being generally unhappy, they have gone on and achieved those things and every time it is just me again, alone in my unhappiness. amp i honestly do not think i will ever be happy. i have lost the ability to connect to new people i lost that a long time ago, or at least i feel like i did. i have not really made a new close friend in about 8 years, and i am 21, so that is quite a big chunk of my life. is that a common depression experience? the inability to make new friends? i do not get crushes on people or feel the need to be in a relationship. i do not feel sexual attraction anymore. and because of all those things it means that i am just clinging onto school friends who are moving on in life amp making new and better friends amp achieving some form of adult responsibility. and because of my inability to connect to new people i just feel how can i be happy? i feel so strongly that i will just be forever alone amp lonely amp dissatisfied amp unhappy amp reminiscing about a period of my adolescence where i did feel happy, where i did feel connected to people, and like i belonged, etc. and people say well! you will not be able to make close friends or be happy with an attitude like that, will you!? , which maybe is in part true, because obviously i have a very hopeless and negative outlook on life, but it is like, what am i meant to fucking feel or think? i have been increasingly unhappy for about 5 years now, and at first i had hope. at first i thought things would change. at first it seemed totally probable that life would not always be this way. but now i am totally hopeless and feel like things will never change. i just feel like everyone else has this ability to grow and change and heal from mental illness, even if it takes a long time. but i have been unhappy for so long now i just cannot foster any substantial hope for the future. and the fact that i feel nothing but a vague sense of bitterness and jealousy towards my friends who are now eventually in a good place contributes to my feeling that i am a bad person, among 100 other things and perhaps also a feeling that no one will ever love me because i am unloveable and intrinsically bad. i am so done
people tend to say my view on the world is pretty negative while i just think i see it as it is. i have a very distinct and active sense for for sure just my point of view justice. i think humanity overall has no interest in creating justice for everybody. the people who are rich get richer and the poor countries get exploited as far as possible. humans tend to hate others for being themselves and liking what they like. and i can never stop being that dumb social justice warrior in my head. i get the feeling that i ruin the atmosphere when people make sexist or racist jokes and i tell them that it is critical what they said because what we mean and say often are different things. i also study something where i am confronted with this kind of stuff everyday. i like it because the people who study with me are also more of social justice warriors who want to talk about the effect of what we say rather than thinking i am a killjoy. my problem is i do not want to be like that. i just feel so responsible that the people who get discriminated feel better, that the people stop saying dumb shit that really hurts the people and how others look at them. i just want my head to stop thinking everytime well that was pretty discriminating against whoever . i just want people to be sensitive towards the feeling of others and listen to each other. i also listen to those people and try to tell them why i think it is critical to say it. i do not want to be entitled but i want to go into a dialogue. i am always political and on a high level of society view and cannot get rid of it for a few hours to chill. i hate it. and the most ironic part i hate having trouble or arguments where people feel attacked by me. discussion yes but not on a personal base like you are a bad person . but often the people think i want to criticise them and their point of view.i am sorry this was more of a rant but especially when i am longer time on reddit i get those struggles. i do not want the people to have the same opinion but it is just so much hate often in here where the people do not even try to understand what the other person wanted to say. thanks for reading. hope anyone can relate and i am not just a big asshole that seems like i want to tell all of you what kind of a good person i am. i really think it sucks and i seem unfun. i kind of hope that this ongoing feeling that it is kind of my responsibility goes away when if depression gets better... maybe i am just holding on to that in my head so i feel like i have at least a moral i can follow and do not go insane and more lost than i already am. i cannot shut my mouth when i see something i think is unfair or unrealistic
hi, first of all i want to apologize for any mistakes i make since english is not my first language. i just wanted to share my story dealing with depression and well just write down some random things i do that have been helping me out a lot lately. i am 23 years old and my depression has affected my life in so many ways that every time i look back on the things i lost because of it i cannot help but cry, i start having suicidal thoughts and then i just feel like the thought of not belonging anywhere and seeing how my mental state has affected me and my family especially my mom is slowly killing me. i have dropped out from three different music colleges because i could not get myself to wake up every morning, i could not believe in myself enough. i found comfort in escaping life via videogames, anime, any form of digital media that could allow me to zone out and stop looking at my life. i found comfort in smoking, because killing myself slowly is a great way to deal with the pain. i do not know when and why all this started, i did not realize i had spent more than a year inside my bedroom barely moving, eating or talking to people, i do not know when i became aware that i was making my mother extremely worried and her live as a single parent extremely difficult. all i knew was that seeing that suffering made me want to move i have wasted 5 years of my life, of my familys life and i have nothing to show for it but an immense guilt that fills my chest with what can only be described as a thousand knifes. this is long and boring so ill stop, point is a month ago i was finally able to start doing things to improve, things that help me wake up every morning and feel like i can try another day. if anyone out there finds this helpful in anyway, i hope this things can help you too. i started working out every day, as hard as it was to start it is as hard if not harder to look at who i was before i started. i started learning a language and i have been studying everyday. i started playing the piano and singing again everyday. i decided to start eating healthier, to go out for walks or just sit a cafe and listen to my favorite songs. i have been trying to cut down smoking, videogames, everything and just try to do it in healthier amounts. i am still unemployed but i am planning to go to school again starting september, this time i want to graduate and finally be able to help my mom. just do the things you love, love your body, your mind and your soul. you are not alone and you will never be. thank you, for reading this unnecessarily long thread. hope this can be of use to somebody out there. lots of love to all of you. depressed and was seeking help.
not diagnosed. but highly sure that i have adhd most of all symptoms matched .i love to talk, that is the way i was since childhood. most energetic and hyperactive child in the colony.it has been about 8 years since we transferred to a different state. obviously, in the beginning ,i made a lot of friends ,in fact, i made everyone my friend in my colony. now i feeling to realise that i was and am never good at sustaining a friendship. it is me who ruined the friendship i believe so but people here are assh les and very immature , this is something i am sure of . and in this place, here are no beautiful attractive enough who can get my eyes which is a great demotivating factor for me .i have friends but at the very moment, i feel i do not have friends at all coz you know i or idk if they ruined it .i am an ambivert , and enfpi'm a very talkative guy i just never stop talking .but i am a quiet guy around people ,and i get inside my mind and talk to myself. that is what i have been doing talking to myself since last 6 7 years as i thought it is better to talk who can understand than kids my friends who cannot. i never liked school and always looking for a ways to skip school. i used to be the most one of the quiet guy in the class coz i always get into trouble . anyways i never liked sitting still and staring at the book or looking the teacher. i was the most carefree and stressless and unmotivated guy in the whole school . i never give a f ck about anything , even when i want to now, i graduated from school last year, and presently i am preparing for college entrance exam drop year . still , i cannot sit still and study to long hours as i am not really interested do so but i have to .the troubling thing is i am always restlessly walking inside my room and always talk to myself and i do not even much talk to my family or my brother who is most closest to me. i just become quiet . i do not feel comfortable talking to my own family. even though they are very very toxic but they are my family.i always lock myself in in the bathroom and talk to myself for hours i feel very connected to myself when i look at the mirror and talk one important thing gt earlier ,in colony, i used to be very aggressive and had a lot of anger issues used to fight a lot . now , i just do not care about anything most of the things and least interaction caused me to no anger issues but there is are times , i just get aggressive for no slightest reason at all and i isolated myself in bathroom.why am i so quiet around my people even when i want to talk ???am i in depression???? well i never hated myself but the every people including my family around me am i in depression ?
hi guy it s late night now here in my time zone i can t shake down the urge to go to the building rooftop and take a leap it s story tall should i do it please tell me a logically sensible suggestion my reason my family got covid 9 the past month but it affected my otherwise healthy 0 year old dad the most within a couple of week of infection including 0 day isolated hospital confinement thing just kept getting worse so he wa moved to another hospital for icu confinement and there went into lung failure doctor decided on intubation thing didn t stop there and currently he is on ecmo in a different hospital it s been about month and he is yet to show any progress i work and used to live alone but recently we all have been together from my fam s side my dad is the only breadwinner and he controlled their finance so naturally i took the heat during his absence a a stopgap running his business for a couple of month paying bill and medical expense food etc i have burnt through all my personal saving sold my cryptos and taken all the possible loan just to stay afloat with the expense this ha made me terribly depressed and made me unable to continue working since last week by the end of this month i can t even pay my dad s insurance premium in that case the policy is gon na lapse because of month of non payment i don t see a way out of this i need about 0k just to cover the due and maybe another 0k for the future expense at this point i can t get out or stop this snowball effect my mom isn t willing to work nor doe she have the experience to work any decent job my si just finished her high school but is trying for a job anyway even if we all work in this place we can t possibly make a dent in the due and expense all of this is taking my self control off i feel like i ll snap and go insane any moment but i and my dad have life insurance policy my dad s policy is just gon na pay 00k if ever on the other hand my head can pay out a quarter million dollar claim it can solve all the problem and save their life i can also get this miserable life to stop hurting me any further i like to think logically philosophically and pragmatically i don t see a better option than this should i do it tldr my healthy 0 year old dad got covid 9 went into lung failure and is currently on maximum life support on ecmo i ve bankrupted myself supporting my fam and am still in need of about 0k or more to settle the due and for further expense i m at the verge of insanity from all the pressure i ve a life insurance worth 0k should i do the deed and let my fam claim the benefit so that they can solve everything and live better life sorry for any bad english thanks in advance
it all started when covid march 2020 hit and i got ill and a family member being admitted to the hospital all while i was about to finish high school with a bunch of late assignments. its been very stressful but since i finished school i have been super depressed because of the fact that i am always tired and wasting time. the things i wanted to do and the passions i had for all of my hobbies dissapeared.due to this i have been seeing myself as worthless and a failure of a human being. i cannot count how many times i have been crying during the night when my family is sleeping, thinking about how i am not doing the things i want to do let alone being productive in my life.all that i am doing is mindlessly stare at my computer screen for hours and go on very long periods of maladaptive daydreams where i am acknowledged for my imaginary accomplishments and competence. everytime i watch anime or a movie where the main character does something cool or whatever and gets praised, i often start daydreaming and putting myself in that scenario as that character and endulge myself in the imaginary praise, recognition and approval from others. as if something is lacking in my life that leads me into maladaptive daydreaming.as soon as i realize that i am not the person i am daydreaming about i start contemplating about my life which ultimately ends me in a depressive state.i hate being tired all the time i hate being depressed and i hate this anxiety that is killing me from the inside out. i hate being with people knowing my life are not worth shit and i hate trying to explain to other people that i literally cannot do anything because of this fatigue while being a slave to my own mind. all the problems i have with my body has been going rampant since i do not have the energy and the care to even book an appointment with my doctor. i even have no sense of care writing this with empty emotions. i hate having these suicide thoughts thinking about how i am finally going to get that day of recognition from others when i am dead. but at same time not feeling suicidal at all and want to live a fulfilling life. my life is a mess and everyone else thinks that my life is going well. i have always been good at acting happy, smiling and laughing with friends and family but as soon as i am alone i start living in reality and seeing my life for what it is.i really want to help myself since i still have my hopes and dreams but with this fatigue i cannot help but wonder if i am just going to waste my life away in my own mind, dreaming about being the man i want to be.this post is just me venting the frustration i am stuck and there is no end in sight
i have a degenerative disorder called myasthenia gravis. it has progressed to the point where some days i cannot even lift my hands to style my hair. the disease is exacerbated by stress. i am a preschool teacher on summer break and during my entire summer my mom has been in and out of the hospital and almost died 3 times. i am her primary caregiver because i am the only female in the house. i physically do not have it in me to keep washing, dressing, wiping and feeding her. i also have to take care of her 96 year old father. when i tried to explain this to mom on before discharge, she said to shut up and stop talking to her. she cannot or will not acknowledge what is happening to my body and just takes it as i must not love her.i went home and contemplated suicide thankfully i did not do it . but i spent the entire day terrified and just wanting someone in my family to do something like just sit with me. what ended up happening has crushed me. mom ended up coming home from the hospital the same day as that fight. i was arguing with her saying that i did not feel loved at all anymore. my brother overheard and tried to intervene. he angrily said he will have to use his lunch break to come feed her and asked if i would help too and i said i cannot do all the things i did before. he got mad. i explained that i cannot do them not because i am a jack ass but because of my medical condition and blurted out that i did not want to live anymore. he yelled at me saying that i was trying to make it all about myself and my problems and told me to get away from him and go call a suicide hotline. then he just started wailing and bawling saying he is the only healthy person in the family and cannot care for all of us. i spent the night comforting him he ended up making it all about himself when that was all i really needed. when i talked to my father about feeling suicidal, he just ignored me and talked about something else.school starts soon and i am in no shape physically or emotionally to go back. i finally see a doctor on monday that will hopefully start treatment for my disease so i can get my strength back. however the emotional holes left behind from what happened are really hard to heal. my family made it very clear that i do not matter and nobody cares. i do not know how to move on from that. the only survival tactic i came up with was to pretend i am fine and continue to kill myself physically by taking care of everyone and ignoring my own health issues..like i always do. because apparently that is the only way for the family to function. any help or advice would be very appreciated. i am at the end of my rope. nobody cares
this year was my last year in high school. i did not give it my all, so my grades have fallen quite a lot. and now its kind of hard for me to apply for admission to universities and colleges because my grades are down compared to the average. however i am sure ill be accepted in one at least, that is not the problem.the problem is my family, they are so disappointed in me to the point its suffocating. my mother always keeps nagging me about how no universities will accept me. she keeps reminding me how i neglected my studies and that none of my siblings have ever been through what i am in right now. she just makes me stressed and makes me feel like i should just disappear. i know she has been taking care of me but she is unbelievably negative. she just keeps bringing this topic day and night to the point i wonder how come she does not ever get tired. you see, i used to get good grades until this year, actually almost perfect grades like its normal and i never really tried so hard to do that. that is because i was paying attention to the classes, that is why i did not need to study that much really. but this year since it was distance education i could neglect my classes and i have done so. that is why i am full aware its my fault that my grades have fallen and my mom is not really wrong. but i feel like there is no way out. i cannot go back in time to correct my mistakes. i need to move on. but i cannot. my mom already decided its done for me. why? i just want to get rest. i am worn out. why should she make me want to end my life. you see its not only this, i also have other problems besides education but it will never end if i keep on. i just want to know, do i not deserve rest? do i have to just kill myself because of my past mistakes? does my mother have the right to do this to me? should i just let it go because she cannot control her resentment of me?its not just her, they all keep bringing this topic even if they are not overreacting like my mother. honestly, i have already lost motivation to do anything at all by now. i do not even feel like resuming my education even if i got accepted. these days i think i have angina because i have been having chest discomfort and cold sweats for kind of long periods although i am not doing anything so i just wish ill have a heart attack soon enough to get rid of this tiring life. i hope it was just about education, everything is just so tiring and this family of mine does not help at all. even though i am just trying to keep my business to myself and never sought for their help, but they just keep sticking their nose into my life without really helping me. i hate my family
this year was my last year in high school. i did not give it my all, so my grades have fallen quite a lot. and now its kind of hard for me to apply for admission to universities and colleges because my grades are down compared to the average. however i am sure ill be accepted in one at least, that is not the problem.the problem is my family, they are so disappointed in me to the point its suffocating. my mother always keeps nagging me about how no universities will accept me. she keeps reminding me how i neglected my studies and that none of my siblings have ever been through what i am in right now. she just makes me stressed and makes me feel like i should just disappear. i know she has been taking care of me but she is unbelievably negative. she just keeps bringing this topic day and night to the point i wonder how come she does not ever get tired. you see, i used to get good grades until this year, actually almost perfect grades like its normal and i never really tried so hard to do that. that is because i was paying attention to the classes, that is why i did not need to study that much really. but this year since it was distance education i could neglect my classes and i have done so. that is why i am full aware its my fault that my grades have fallen and my mom is not really wrong. but i feel like there is no way out. i cannot go back in time to correct my mistakes. i need to move on. but i cannot. my mom already decided its done for me. why? i just want to get rest. i am worn out. why should she make me want to end my life. you see its not only this, i also have other problems besides education but it will never end if i keep on. i just want to know, do i not deserve rest? do i have to just kill myself because of my past mistakes? does my mother have the right to do this to me? should i just let it go because she cannot control her resentment of me?its not just her, they all keep bringing this topic even if they are not overreacting like my mother. honestly, i have already lost motivation to do anything at all by now. i do not even feel like resuming my education even if i got accepted. these days i think i have angina because i have been having chest discomfort and cold sweats for kind of long periods although i am not doing anything so i just wish ill have a heart attack soon enough to get rid of this tiring life. i hope it was just about education, everything is just so tiring and this family of mine does not help at all. even though i am just trying to keep my business to myself and never sought for their help, but they just keep sticking their nose into my life without really helping me. i hate my family
depression is an old friend at this point. i do not even remember what its like for my brain to be normal. that said its been getting a lot darker these days and so i guess i am hoping putting this out there helps or something. i do not know what the hell to do anymore.to shorten a very long story, i am a single dad stuck at home 100 of the time with 3 kids. ex left me for a old boyfriend, sucked but whatever i got over it. i was able to work from home and help take care of the kids, keep things normal ish. thank god for my parents. without their help id have gone insane or more likely put a bullet in my mouth a long time ago.things were going ok ish until covid. suddenly the kids are stuck home all the time, bored and driving me crazy. their mom is flaking out again so i am without much help. my oldest son is a nightmare. long gone is the sweet boy i knew and hes replaced with a narcissistic psychopath. yeah, yeah i know all teenagers are bad but no. i legitimately use the clinical definition of psychopath here. i 100 think hes about one life crisis away from the beginning of a netflix true crime documentary on a serial killer.we tried therapy but it does not help. hes a master at lying, deflecting and putting on whatever mask he thinks will work best for you at this moment. after the 3rd time he did not come home and the cops brought him back we had him go to an inpatient facility for teens. we all breathed a collective sigh. finally peace for us and maybe just maybe he will get some help. nope a few weeks later hes back and has not changed.for a while he was able to live with his mom most of the time. but her new marriage imploded and now she is quasi homeless. great now i am back to them all being here 100 of the time, no end in sight. my parents can take the younger 2 for brief stints but cannot handle him, nor do i want them to have to.so here i sit at my kitchen table, staring down the barrel of at least 5 more years of this shit. i have a nicer prison than most i guess. still able to work, buy shit for hobbies that i do not give a shit about anymore, sunlight and fresh air.i do not actually want to kill myself but dark thoughts are no stranger, and i am getting more comfortable with not being alive. even started thinking about what ifs for after i am gone. the only comfort i get these days is eating so i figure my heart will give out within the next decade and solve the problem for me if things do not change.well there it is, there is my story and yeah i do not feel any better. hell i am not sure why i thought i would. i do not feel period these days. thanks for coming to my ted talk or something. trapped
tw eating disorder? not sure if it is or if the tw is needed but just in casei think this will be all over the place as i am still not sure if it makes sense and am just wrapping my head around it, but i will try. okay, so i always loved eating, it was a big source of comfort and joy ever since i was a kid 20s now . when i was 18 or 19 when i started college and started spending more time with my peers as i moved into a new city i started realizing that i might have an unhealthy relationship with food, as i was binge eating on the daily basis and just started seeing that people around me do not consume the food the way i do, like for example they would stop eating when full. by that point i had always just assumed that everyone ate enormous quantities of food and that it is normal for food to play such a crucial role in ones life.i was also and still am heavily depressed throughout all these years and around the time the first lockdowns were happening last year early 2020 i realized i was getting high so i can eat more open up my apatite. i know that it probably started way earlier i started smoking when i was a freshmen in hs but that is the first time i noticed the direct link. i mostly eat junk food, such as hamburgers, chips, ice cream basically all the crap you can think of. at some point i ate melted chocolate and canned cream for breakfast. i am pretty sure i gained 60 or 65lbs since i left my hometown which then in return directly makes my depression even worse. so i have been feeling like i am trapped in a vicious cycle for a while now.a couple of months ago i started having days, sometimes multiple in a row, where i would not eat at all or crave any food. i would just feel nauseous by the mere thought of eating anything. there are still days when i binge eat but i feel disgusted and nauseous by the food and the act itself while it is happening whereas before i enjoyed it. even when i am having a regular sized meal i sometimes feel disgusted. i was walking around the supermarket today and realized i had not eaten anything in 2 days and that i have no cravings whatsoever. so, i do not know where to go from here? is this a good thing, that i am disgusted by binge eating i still do it tho ? is the feeling of nausea coming from the junk food or is this an eating problem or am i just getting older and not being able to eat as much as i used to and the crap i used to? i know the obvious answer is seek professional help but i would like to hear any thoughts or advice that you might have as i am not even sure what is happening.to anyone that has taken their time to read this, thank you i am disgusted by food
in 2018 i went to college abroad, and while i had a great time living there, the program was not well run nor did i put in the work and i ended up at home with my parents after one semester. in the fall on 2019 i started school again, had one pretty good semester, then in early 2020 as you are all aware the world shut down. i was in complete isolation, strict quarantine with my parents from march 2020 to april 2021.i made it through my first three semesters at community college largely without incident despite my degrading mental health, until spring 2021, my last semester before earning an associates degree. in the previous semesters, i had cheated heavily. which honestly i do not morally have an issue with given online school, but in the spring 2021 i decided i was done cheating and was going to do it the hard way.until i did not. i was so close. and then i just stopped. failed 3 of my 5 classes. i do not know what happened really, it just stopped feeling real, days and weeks went by and then i would see missed test and missed lab etc etc.my plan was to take my associates and transfer from my communtiy college to a 4 year university. i had to email them and tell them what i just described above, and how quarantine made me depressed, but that was in the past and it would never happen again.until it did. i retook the 3 classes i failed in the spring, and i am going to fail 2 of the 3. again. my physics does not even require work. the answers to all the tests, quizzes, and homeworks are online. the prof does not care. and i just refused to do one assignment over the past 8 weeks. now my transfer institution is going to reject me, my parents are going to flip shit, and i will go back to being the dissapointment i am after failing school for the first, second, and now third time.i do not know how to change. i do not know how to get better. i had something special. a really fucking beautiful, awe worthy opportunity to get a real degree in engineering. to graduate like my brothers. and now its gone.it is not the time i am worried about. i am 22 i have plenty. it is not money, these community college classes are manageable. it is just that i keep making deeper and deeper cuts, chopping myself down as often as possible.i run. i go to the gym. i know how to cook. i meditate. i keep my room orderly. i read when i can. i work. all these tenets of my life, just crippled architecture on a broken, decaying framework. i do not know what my point is. it is just that it hurts, and because it hurts i hurt. i hurt because i hurt myself, and it hurts knowing how bad i hurt myself, if that makes sense. continual self sabotaging
i have been told many times to stop being negative and learn to love myself. i do not, because i hate so much about myself and it is nothing i can change. i hate how i look, i am non binary and am disgusted at my physical form. i hate the family i was born into and they have made me into the fucked up person i am today and i am in a situation where i am stuck with them. i am disabled from physical and mental health, but i do not trust and am paranoid about doctors, hospitals, therapists and what interacts experience i have had was all bad and my parents cannot move. i am socially anxious and terrified of the outdoors so i just live in my room at my parents house. i was homeschooled and we live in a small town so i have no friends irl. i am attracted to women, but i am unattractive and boring looking and have a kind of boring personality. my mental state has been royally fucked to the point i have lost most care in the world. i have no energy, i am tired all of the time, easily get frustrated angry, i am a coward, i am paranoid, and i am useless and worthless... i have suffered from depression and suicidal thoughts since i was a teenager i am 33 . i have a lot of differing opinions about the world, society, life, people that i know most of the world would not agree and think i am crazy or fucked up. i also have fucked up thoughts that would freak the hell out of people. i am too different and everything i have had to suffer in my life...the damage is done.i wish things could be different. there were periods in my time i had hope or i tried, but it always failed. i am a human like everyone else, with similar desires, but not everyone gets what they want or even need. not everyone gets help, not everyone gets cured, not everyone gets saved. it is called life, it sucks, i hate it, but i have come to a place of acceptance. i will be alone, i will be isolated, i will have to rely on distraction from getting through this miserable life. thankfully, i have a vast imagination and since i was a kid i have lived in my head. in my imagined world i can be who i want, look how i want, have what i want, achieve what i would like, be with who i want...but occasionally i have moments where depression really fucks with me. voices in my head reminds me how fucked up my life is, how alone i really am, how i will never have what i see and hear what others get and so easily because their life turned out better and they had a better chance at gaining a life. the world in my head is so much better then reality and i wish it was real, for my sake and the sake of so many others who can relate somewhat. life made me what i am venting
so i started dating someone earlier this year. we hit it off almost immediately after i got out of a mentally abusive relationship my ex continuously cheated on me and manipulated me anytime id suspect it . i was not ready to be in a relationship at the time i met my current partner, but they changed my way of thinking by saying love does not have a timeline. our situation started off rocky as hell, they still talked to their exes on daily bases, which is a boundary i created for myself. they had hearts next to their exs name, and flaked on me when they hung out with them. had their clothes and belongings still in their home, and anytime id react and try to leave they would offer to call their ex in front of me, or tell me i could go through their phone. i was not okay with doing so, and i still tried breaking up with them, but they always told me i was self sabotaging by doing so. being in a bunch of manipulative and abusive relationships i could not tell if what they were saying was true, or if i was just putting myself through the same cycle. anyways, we continued dating and our depression does not make anything better. i know that even on my worst days i make effort to talk to them, but it gets tiring knowing that they still make effort to communicate and hangout with their ex while it feels like they are doing the bare minimum for me. we go from hanging out often to barely seeing each other talking in week intervals, although i understand the concept of space. it gets confusing knowing the state of our relationship. we work on communication more than anything, but no matter how many times they have said its okay to communicate anything that bothers me to them, it seems like it always goes up in flames and that my perspective is always false. with their depression active the past month, i just asked them for a little initiative when talking to me, its hard feeling like i am the only one who reaches out and knowing their daily routine of waking up, checking their phone, texting people and going on twitter i feel like i am asking for the bare minimum when i tell them just a simple good morning text would make me feel a little more cared about, but instead they got upset with me saying i do not understand that their depression makes it hard to even get up in the morning . what is frustrating is that i know exactly how they feel because i experience it also. i just want to feel the same amount of effort i am putting out, but maybe i am lacking compassion in this instance? i am sorry for my rant, i am just feeling quite low in this situation. thank you for reading. the clinically depressed dating each other
wa said to me by my mom too the sentence still ring in my mind not because of how much it irritates me but because of how inherently true it is and not long before that she also felt the need to tell me directly that she doesn t care about how i feel nor if i hurt myself thanks for supporting me mom after already struggling with a potent and vicious envy tormenting and tearing me apart from the inside out that nobody besides myself can comprehend the degree of i ve reached a breaking point beyond what i ve felt before living life unable to stop thinking of someone who feel the exact same just better disturbingly similar attribute idea and one particular concept a concept they executed first because unlike me they re smart and put their year of childhood into crafting something awe inspiring something i should ve done by now it all perfectly line up and enunciates all of my shortcoming constant cry nightmare panic attack and many point of a gun to my head i m nineteen and they re a year younger than i am which really tell how close i wa all of these desire and concept too bad they were stuck in a frangible brain like mine so i could only watch everyone similar sprout and bloom into something significant and prodigious something i should have done unfortunately i clearly wasn t meant to accomplish any of that so i ve tried drawing box and figure but in the end i know better how it ll take year of struggling with this before anything i create even resembles anything i want it to be i don t have the willpower to do it nothing to overcome my feeling of valuelessness i ve just wanted to impress people endlessly feeling boring and disposable take a toll on you especially when you see other people very similar to you shining like star and this mean there s technically no more passion in me passion is the heart and soul in the concept of art so there it is i m not capable of true art i can t comprehend true art sure whatever may be unique about me will die with me before any of it could come out but you know what there s a lot of people out there who do it better there are people who s unique idea are more intuitive and inspiring than mine are the artist i envy ha executed concept and idea with disturbingly strong similarity to my own just better and there are many alike him a well so if people would like whatever is unique about me so damn much they can just go to that fucking artist instead the one who didn t fuck everything up the one who could handle the hardship he wa dealt i m done with it all i already tried shooting myself in 0 and failed once i try a second i definitely won t have to try a third
there is no day when i don't want to die so, i can't anymore. i didn't think i would get here. i hope it won't be a long post. thank you in advance. f 26 i've always been the soul of the party, the kind of person you love to be around. always joking, with super positive energy. few people know what i'm like in my spare time, and that in fact there isn't a day when i don't wish to die. if someone can understand that i feel alone since i was little. i have always sought to be seen, appreciated, respected. my parents divorced when i was 5 years old. since then, the relationship with my father has not been, because he is the most lying person i know. all my life he just promised me things and never kept his word. now he has his family, which he does not take care of. her children live with him, but they actually live like i did. my mother was always away in another country. he tried to compensate for the fact that all his life he ran after the perfect man and thus he neglected me. he never chose me. to want to move together to do something new 2. she chose men who, i'm sorry, did to her. and i had to grow up with my grandparents. with my grandfather always beating my grandmother. i saw all kinds of arguments, fights, scandals and everything that a child should not see. i always grew up with words like you're not good for anything, you don't know how to do anything, you're like my mom, you're like tactu my mother has 2 brothers, who are super narcissists. that they gave me a juice when i was younger they raised me . grandma raised the men of the family as if everything was theirs. and my mother and i always had to do everything. from food, cleaning, money... everything. no, they are men and we are women. ever since i was little, i used to fight with everyone, because i was always different. i don't consider that my purpose is to find a man, to have a child and that's...as my family wants. i always wanted more. because of this, my jobs were not exactly easy either. i was a team leader at 19, and it still wasn't enough, although no one in the family did more than me... my grandfather died 2 years ago, and since then the family fell apart even more. my mother left again to another country, after her boyfriend who is my age and treats her worse than anything.. and i stay at home with my grandmother, who is also mean. i tried everything, to meditate, to go to a psychologist, to stop thinking about all the things. anything... i feel alone, abandoned. as everyone sees their life, i remain here behind, worthless, with nothing. i have nothing. not a day goes by that i don't think i want to die... thank you.
i genuinely cannot remember the last time i was actually happy and not tired. everyday i wake up exhausted. i can sleep for 8 hours and ill still be exhausted after i wake up. if i go to bed at a normal time around 3 or 4am ill only be able to sleep for about 3 hours and ill wake up at 7am or something similar to that. then ill try to stay up for as long as possible but feel so fucking tired! if i go to sleep earlier than that, say, 10 11pm, ill wake up at 2 or 3am and will not be able to go back to sleep. what is even worse is i am in the middle of a move, i really do not want to go because its in the middle of nowhere. i wish my dad would take custody of me or something. on the other hand, i have to watch my 21 year old brother who has autism and is also mute. my parents failed at raising all of us children, especially him. he cannot function without someone, he cannot do something as simple as sitting in the living room without sneaking into the kitchen to raid everything he can find. they never taught him how to communicate. i hate that its all on me. i am the third parent. my dad was raped before he even turned double digits and is stuck in the same mindset as he was when he was raped. my whole childhood was my mother chasing after my sister who was trafficked, on drugs all the time, even just running away from home. i wish my mom never had us stupid fucking children when she has even said herself she does not want to be a parent anymore. i felt abandon by her. before someone says anything about therapy, i have tried and tried to get a therapist and have had them before. i was doing outpatient, i think it was, they would take me out of my house to walk around, try and help my anxiety by going into stores and talking to the cashiers, stuff like that. my mom did not like that at all, she would say that they are just babying me. i have made it such a habit to not open up whatsoever, especially to my mother, and when i do try to open up, i feel disgusting and cringey saying how i feel. i try distancing myself from people because no matter how someone speaks to me, i always get irritated and feel like i could punch a whole through the wall. living with my mother would be an absolute fucking nightmare and i am seriously thinking about killing myself either before i have to move or when i am there. i have told her so many times how much i do not want to go and she will not let me stay with my father. i am sorry about how shitty i typed all of this and i probably sound dramatic as hell but none of you know me so i am okay with thisi guess. extremely unorganized rant about how my life is going.
regular check in post, with information about our rules and wikis welcome to r depression's check in post a place to take a moment and share what is going on and how you are doing. if you have an accomplishment you want to talk about these shouldn't be standalone posts in the sub as they violate the role model rule, but are welcome here , or are having a tough time but prefer not to make your own post, this is a place you can share. our subreddit rules are located in the sidebar you can also always access them at https www.reddit.com r depression about rules since all of them exist for important safety reasons, we ask everyone here to read and follow them. please click 'report' on any harmful content you see here we always want to know and deal as soon as we can. we also have several wikis there for help with finding and giving support https www.reddit.com r depression wiki what is depression provides guidance about what is and isn't a depressive disorder, guidance on the complex nature of the illnesses that are usually grouped under the depression label, and redirect information for common off topic issues. https www.reddit.com r depression wiki giving help offers information on the nature and value of peer support for mental health issues in general, and lots of guidance for learning what is and isn't usually helpful in giving peer support. ysk that the types of rule violations that we most frequently see interfering with people getting safe and relevant support here are people breaking the private contact rule. you should never trust anyone who tries to get you into a private conversation in response to a post here. see https www.reddit.com r depression wiki private contact i'm here to help posts. this shows that you don't understand the most basic principles of peer support, especially selectivity. the giving help wiki explains more about this. role modelling, i.e. achievement or advice posts. this is an expert free zone that's what peer support means rule 5 . we know that internet culture celebrate not just bragging about your achievements but bragging about your good intentions. nothing like that is ever acceptable here. content that's more about 'making a statement' or casually polling the sub than seeking personal support or, in a comment, giving it rules 1, 2 and 10 . off topic posts about difficult situations or circumstances, including interpersonal losses. grief, sadness, anger, and other difficult emotions are not mental illnesses. the what is depression wiki has suggestions for other places to post about these issues, which are 100 valid and serious but inappropriate here.
i am at fucking breaking point.. i seriously cannot stand it i am not strong enough to go through another week. i cannot be taken for granted anymore, i cannot be treated like this anymore, i cannot be a fucking punching bag for the people i love anymore... i do not have it in me anymore its over i cannot fucking do it!! i want to fucking die.. i do not see a way forward i do not see the point anymore. i am so full of anger there is so much i want to say to certain people in my life but i am too scared of what they will do or say to me. they would not physically harm me, but the things they say, the isolation then after it, i am already so lonely if i say how much they fucking hurt me they will either ignore me for days or not see me for weeks and i cannot handle that!! i have already been so alone through all the lock downs for the 14 months.. i do not know how to let them say the horrible shit they do and just take it on the chin. i used to lash back. i used to fight back, but now i am broken. i will end up fully alone if i fight back anymore, if i stand up for myself i will end up alone with my thoughts. my thoughts will be the end of me. i will have to remember all the trauma that is happened in the past. i will be alone with nothing to take my mind off it.. but if i stay quiet then i will not be alone and ill get to escape this pain, for another kind of pain. only.. i do not know which is worse anymore. i feel invisible... no one actually knows just how much they hurt me with the things they say. now i want to hide from the people i love most because they make me hate myself more than i already do. the worst part is.. they have not said anything to me that i have not already said to myself... no one hates me more than i do.. but hearing them also say the things i have said to myself?? well i guess i had a sliver of hope that it was not that way. but it is. the only way i will make it is if i disconnect... i have started already and i think people are starting to notice, they say things like oh i wish you could talk to me about how you are feeling, it is a shame you cannot vent to me.. but what do they honestly fucking expect.. they have seen how unhappy i am, when i say how i feel they fight with me over it!!!!! i do not know why i am writing this.. i do not want attention, i do not want to seem like i am an attention seeker, but i guess this feels like a diary.. i know this is all over the place, i am just saying what is in my head at this point. i can say what i feel and no one knows who i am. no one will ever know. jesus fucking christ i do not think i can do this anymore....
i really do not have a bad life outside of finances. i have a great husband and kids and cat and i enjoy doing things like art, watching horror movies and making food. however i hate always have to worry about money. i just got a job and it pays well but i just feel like its never enough. i feel that ill never be able to buy a home that is mine, have a savings for emergencies like medical or the vet or a car breakdown and it makes me super depressed, anxious and angry. i hate having angry outbursts because i am worried about money. we do not spend money on things for ourselves my husband and i and on the rare occasion we do its like a take out dinner or something.i just hate how expensive everything is in this country and how when you are poor people believe you do not deserve to treat yourself ever, have pets and kids and that you did it to yourself. we have worked since before we were legally able to and have tried to give our kids a good life. they have not wanted for anything really as far as food, shelter, clothes, books and even toys. i just want to be comfortable though so i know i never have to worry about money. i do not want to have crazy expensive cars and bags and all that but a safe home, new clean furniture that is not old and scratched and a new reliable car. and it just depresses me so much that as hard as we try it just is a perpetual state of worry over money. life is to short yet to be worry about money all the time but i just cannot help it. its on my mind constantly and it makes me unable to eat. i fear checking the bank account after bills come out and i hate getting the mail everyday because i am always worried that its going to be some crazy bill i did not know about and bad news. usually i am a hopeful person but my depression and anxiety has gotten way worse over the past few years. i did not have the best start in life like my peers in the area i lived in. they all have parents that put them through college, gave them money to start businesses or buy houses and i feel like a loser because i have had to do it all myself and my husbands story is the same. i always feel people look down on me because i am poor but i try so hard. i wish i could just get a little money to give myself a head start but i know that is not going to happen and i am just super depressed that i am stuck in this cycle that i cannot control. cannot go back to school for nursing like my dream because i have to work. i do not know how to pull myself out of these problems and this depression because i feel like there is now way out. i feel i would not be so bad off if i had money to live
am i depressed without realizing i m depressed? okay this may seem like a dumb question to a lot of you but just hear me out and please keep the judgement to a minimum. i'm sharing this because i genuinely want to change for the better after living like this for 20 years. for a little background, i grew up in a household where my mother and i weren't on the best terms and all she did as i grew up was work occasionally and sleep in bed all day long. microwave dinners were a regular thing for me and my brothers, i did pretty bad in school blah blah blah. the big thing was, i was never taught good hygiene as a kid. it was never required or encouraged enforced. i grew up and went through high school without showering regularly, doing assignments, or even engaging with many people outside of school because my mom didn't allow me to get out of the house much. i'd spend my time, playing games, reading, and a loooot of media. don't get me wrong, i wasn't a weird smelly kid in highschool surprisingly with the whole shower thing. i didn't sweat or anything and always used deodorant and perfume clean clothes etc. i had a lot of friends that i talked to daily up until senior year. my senior year was when covid hit and everyone was in quarantine. when school started back up i never went because it was online. that same year i moved in with a new bf and his dad and uncle and since i was so accustomed to staying in a room all day without socializing or doing anything, that's what i did there. i dropped out of highschool and lived with my new boyfriend at the time for two years and to this i realized that i still never leave the room i stay in. even when my bf has a job that requires him to travel for work, i stay in the hotel room still having horrible hygiene habits although again not smelling bad or anything and consuming lots of media from the bed. i'd have moments where come to the realization that l've spent days, weeks, then months doing the exact same thing and wasting the entire day away doing absolutely nothing. it's only dawned on me now that something could be wrong and i should hear other's opinions on it. of course i'm using a throw away because sharing this is embarrassing enough. i've never considered myself depressed and honestly i never want to but every time hook up what l'm dealing with su cide and help websites pop up... i don't know how to go about this and i genuinely want to do better, so if anyone knows some steps i can take to doing better, i'd really appreciate it. i've been like this my entire life because it's just how grew up but don't want to waste away any longer.
hello guys, i am really sorry if this is not well written or understandable since english is not my first language but please read me since i want help please, please help me. this is the first time i have asked for help anywhere. i have gamed my entire life, i got my first pc when i was 11 years old and now i am 23. i am still gaming and doing actually nothing with my life. at first, i would play like 10 hours a day since my parents worked all day so as soon as i got back from school i would play the rest of the day and do nothing else, not even homework. i was a top of the class student but ever since i got into pc gaming my notes eventually fell off so hard. only doing the bare minimum to be able to pass grades and focus on gaming. i dropped out of college at 18 to get a job and build my dream pc. i built my pc and have been playing constant league of legends every day for 5 hours a day. i do not even enjoy gaming anymore, i am super toxic and competitive and all i do is get mad and keep playing. i was so afraid of quitting league because i was very good and i felt so bad because i dedicated so many hours into this game to just quit and waste all that time without accomplishing anything or become a pro player. i have worked in about 15 call centers because they pay really well and have not lasted more than 1 month or 2. i am basically there for the free training money and that is it. i quit the job and continue to play until i run out of my saved money.i have not played league for 1 month and i do not really miss it, i am just super sad that i wasted my time and league just goes on without me like i never really existed. i have moved to fps games because i was very good when i was young but i am having a really hard time since i am getting so mad due to being super competitive. last year i got into college again and got a part time job, it all fell apart in the last 3 months because i wanted to play again. i have now built a new super pc and i feel so miserable. right now i managed to land a very good job, chill work from home only answering customer service emails. the sad part is after work is done, i game until 12am and repeat the cycle. the idea of quitting video games is just so frightening and i feel like i need them. i am addicted to competitive esports trying to prove i am better.... , do not really play single player games since i do not get to compete with other people. please help me see the light out of this tunnel, i know i have the potential to become someone great but the lack of motivation and cycle of gaming addiction is blocking me off. help me quit gaming
i have entered what i would probably characterize as the darkest period of my life so far. i am in a job i despise, and i recently started therapy, which has overall been a net positive, but it is also forced me to take a long and hard look at many personal traits of my own that need a a lot of work. i am realizing i do not have a strong sense of personal identity and that i have a much lengthier and more problematic track record of behaving in toxic and manipulative ways. all in all my opinion of myself is quickly rocketing into the dirt and i am in the midst of the most intense identity crisis i have ever experienced.all of this and a slew of other unpleasant factors have left me feeling like i am heading right for a potentially explosive breakdown. like, i am about to get married and i love my fiance very much, but making a lifelong commitment like that to another human being when i myself feel like i have no clue who i am, what my values and passions are, or where i am heading in life scares the shit out of me. i have also recently began indulging some self harm impulses which are relatively minor and not life threatening or scarring for the first time in over a decade which feels like such an enormous step backwards for me. i feel like a rubber band stretched to the brink of snapping and some unknown combination of time and or additional tension will inevitably make me snap. i do not know what to do about it, because the more i think about the state i am in, the more i feel like i am spiraling out of control. but i also feel like i cannot not think about it because ignoring and repressing my problems and my mistakes is how i ended up here in the first place. the worst part is that, even though i can feel the meltdown coming, i feel powerless to stop it. which is kind of how i would sum up my current crisis a complete loss of control over my life and the direction it is going in.has anyone experienced anything like this before? if so, any tips on how to deal with yourself or at least keep yourself from hurting others while your life is unravelling? even if not, i appreciate having the space to vent. for the record i am not presently concerned i am going to kill myself, and i am not worried i am at risk of physically hurting others. but i am worried i am at risk of burning all of my bridges and tanking all my personal and professional relationships into the ground and causing a lot of emotional damage to myself and others on the way. what do you do when you feel yourself beginning to unravel? can i at least mitigate the damage my impending breakdown could because others?
my mum and me had a physical fight argument last night and i'm scared throw away account for this. myself m15 almost turning 16 had a fight with my mum yesterday and it got physical. i can't exactly remember who hit first but it got to the point that hands were on one another and spitting was involved. my mum had been charged 50 dollars for something on her credit card and i had asked her to buy something for 10 dollars. it turns out the currency was off on the thing i wanted to purchase. she then bought it up to me and to me it seemed like she was yelling. i have always been quite sensitive to yelling and i always take it really personally. after we had the conversation, mid way through i went to my room and locked it so i could breath because i was really stressed out. she then came from the living room into my room, bashing the door open and breaking my lock, breaking my door as well, it fell of the hinge. she came into my room while i was crying and was yelling at me. i told her to get out with swearing involved because i was really stressed out and upset. she then wouldn't and she kept getting right up into my face as if she was going to start throwing hands at me. i then was starting to involve talks of myself going to hurt myself, she then said that she doesn't know what i was on about and got really defensive. i then said can you just give me 5 minutes to breath and then i will come speak with her, after going back and forward for about 15 minutes she finally left me alone and i shut my door and dragged my dresser in front of it. i then had a full on panic attack for a solid 15 minutes and i could barely breath and i was smacking my head onto my wall and on my desk. she then came back to my room after she had sit in the lounge and listen to it all happen while she was sitting there watching tv. she came back and was back into a calm state herself which is quite a normal thing for her and she came in my room and comforted me. i kept breaking into tears while she was talking to my cat. after the situation she calmed me down after about 30 minutes of a continued panic attack. amp x200b today i feel really scared still, although she said that she was sorry for it. i still feel really scared to be around her and i feel really sick after she spat on me and i am hurting still really bad after she hit me. amp x200b i am currently on setrona, anti depressant, and i have been diagnosed with depression and i also have an anxiety disorder. i also have really bad trust issues and this has really ruined my trust with her. i am absolutely shattered and i have no idea what to do.
this was posted by me somewhere else as well, i just want as many opinions as possible to see if i am wrongtitle says the basics of what i am saying, here is the more in depth version. i am still young, very young in fact, i am 16, and i can already see people saying its too young to make such and assessment, but please, just hear me out. i cannot talk to girls past a friendship way, because i am too scared to. i am offensive and have no filter, i say things that i do not mean to harm people, then i end up doing so, for example, one day i could see one of my friends visibly annoyed, and when someone asked, before my brain could think my mouth said, its the time of the month. she was obviously hurt by this and i felt like crap, worse than that tbh, i felt like a terrible friend. i cannot pick up on social cues, if i needed to, i could not, like for example, interrupting people who are talking, changing the subject constantly, etc. there is one thing i am good at and its reading certain emotions, but even then my mouth moves faster than my brain. i am fat, unattractive with pimples, my hair is a mess because i hate dealing with it, i constantly look tired because i am, my general demeanor is someone who isint someone attractive or someone anyone is attracted to, i am self conscious about my weight, so swimming has to be done with a shirt, i am not confident, i have a lot of problems that if i were to mention,and they would ask about them, id tell them i am fine, which would just create a wedge. my interests are what includes staying inside and playing games, the only outdoor activity i enjoy is horseback riding. i am constantly annoyed but do not know why, and i offer nothing in the way of being confident enough to do anything above a hug. i enjoy being alone, but not completely, i want someone, but that will not happen, i have put the reasons on the table, and i need help seeing if i am missing something. a few more things of note would be my very minuscule self worth or self preservation, my lack of any romantic gestures that show i care, and i cannot even articulate that i care about people beyond just saying those words, i more than care for people that are really close, but its hard for me to articulate that and my feeling as well. not only that, but accedemelally i failed every class this year, and have been failing a large amount of classes since 6th grade, meaning the one thing id want to do i cannot accomplish which was to be a game designer, thanks for listening, sorry for how long it is. i want to someday find someone who likes me but i know it will never happen
i can never fully get rid of this fucking curse. it always comes back to me. for no apparent reason. it makes me miserable. it does not matter what is going on in my life. i am surrounded with family. i have a good job that i enjoy. i am poor but i am not so broke i cannot feed my kids. what do i have to do to stop feeling like i am the only one who knows what this is like? to stop feeling so alone and isolated from everyone i see. what will it take for me to stop praying that i do not wake up again in the morning? what will it take to make my heart not so heavy?why does it feel like my father and mother have died when i know they are alive and well? why does it feel like no one cares about what i feel? why do i even worry if someone cares? why do i even care?i write this for myself and no one else. i am cursed with this. i was made to suffer, an unforgivable way of life that haunts me for reasons i do not know. the way my brain works, i would never choose to let someone else experience. i will never have children of my own blood because i would not wish this way of living on anyone. i could not live with myself knowing i prolonged this cycle of self hatred and loathing. nothing good comes from it. it is time like these i want to drink myself to sleep in hopes i choke on my own vomit and die, like i should have before. why did i have to get saved? it would have been painless. now i have to deal with this tainted and tormented mind. why cannot i just be happy? i do not expect to always be happy. but why should i feel like everything has come crashing down on me for no reason? my family is fine. my life is moving along. i am not hungry. i am sheltered, and i provide shelter to others. i am a hard worker. i am a caring person. what have i done to deserve this?fuck this shit. fuck medication. fuck my brain. fuck living like this. i do not want to hurt others because i am hurting. that is not how this works. the drugs do nothing. the alcohol does nothing. talking does nothing. god does nothing. i do nothing. my life feels like a sad fucking song that is stuck on repeat and i hate it. i have done nothing to deserve feeling like this. i have done nothing wrong to deserve my head turning against me like this whenever it chooses to do so. i have fought it before and i will fight it again, but one day i will become too tired and weary to resist. i will lay down and die like it is meant to be. i know someone might read this and i do apologize if you can relate to even one thing i have said because this is a fucking living nightmare and we do not deserve this. it is that time again
my life has taken a huge turn for the better. all though high school i was extremely depressed and when i finally got out i hoped it would be better. i tried to go to college but i flunked out and that of course just made everything worse. i went back home got a crappy job at an applebees and started dating a crappy guy. the guy and i got into tons of fights. he was stealing from me. he lived in my apartment for free and he brought his other girlfriend over and fucker her on my couch. i only found out when i decided to get instagram again and found his profile and that said he was dating someone else and she told me she went to his place and they had sex on his couch. i found her lip gloss in my couch a month after i threw him the hell out. i was livid. after hun and i broke up i got even more depressed i spent a whole week in my bed crying. i ended up downloading whisper and when guys started hitting on me i did not stop them. eventually i stupidly went to one guys place because i was lonely. i told him i was dtf but not anal. of course he gets me a red solo cup of wine and when i am only nursing it he starts pressuring me to drink more telling me i can stay the night. i did not finish the cup but i did drink more after that. then he starts giving me edibles. i got to the point where i was almost completely out of it. he tied me up and fucked my ass. i then proceeded to just into yet another toxic as hell relationship with an guy who was married and told me he was in an open relationship but of course never let me actually meet his wife . that was a disaster. hes getting a divorce now. allegedly having nothing to do with me but do we really believe that folks? i got a new job and my boss started sexually harassing me. literally invited me to an orgy. he also like to hit his dab pen in the office and i got a bad habit of joining him. that never got worse than that tho because this is when i started to see the light at the end of the tunnel. my boyfriend and i started dating shortly after i got that job. hes the most amazing man i have ever met. he cares for me. really cares. he loves me and i love him. i got another serving job again and stayed there for about 6 months before finally getting into an office job.now i am happier than i have ever been. my job is great for me and has helped my mental health a ton. my bf and i have been together 10 months and are going strong. i just want to put out there that no matter how bad life seems it can get better. thank you for reading my story. tldr my life sucked now my life does not suck. i am glad i never committed suicide.
i miss my home, but my home is destroyed, i am from a small town in venezuela, the president of the country set regulations for everything on the basis of socialism, what ended up happening was that private companies could not produce and make a profit while selling at the prices the government forced them to, there is no toilet paper, no rice, no pasta, no toothpaste, no food, you cannot buy bread because there is no flour, the only companies producing are the companies the government took and they can afford to sell at those prices since they are subsidized by the oil prices, and as you can imagine, they often fluctuate, this crisis caused over 5.4 million venezuelans to leave the country since the so called revolution started, current politicians cannot travel to the us because they are investigated for their relations with drug cartels, i grew up in a city where i used to see every week trucks loaded with dead bodies of people who would try to go to the mines for gold and would get murdered in there as this is a territory controlled by the military which can do whatever they want since they are backed up by the government which gets their cut of the gold and diamond supply,it hurts me how some people in the country where i live is deeply convinced we have everything in venezuela or talk greatly about our president when i have friends who were murdered or incarcerated for literally twitting against the regimen, if you are wondering why we do not protest like cuba is doing right now, a little history lesson for you, every time we do it, the president sends the military to murder us, the internet is loaded with pictures of this, to give you one example of the most brutal one, we had this member of the military who tried to reveal against the government, his name was scar alberto prez, they tracked him down and killed him with a rocket launcher, yes, you read that right, they threw a missile to the hose where he was staying with woman and kids. usa, canada and other countries imposed sanctions on the politicians about 2 years ago freezing their assets and bank accounts, and people all over the internet talks about how the usa is doing bad to venezuela, this drives me nuts, if you know anything about the venezuelan history, at least respect our country by realizing that chavez and maduro have done more damage to us than the usa has. we do not see a light at the end of the tunnel,it is hard to see the place where you grew up to go from the promised land to complete decadence. i miss my home, but there is no more home, my story as an immigrant from venezuela.
my mother treats me like shit and i keep going back i m 21 f, and my mom 61 , me and her never had the best relationship going ever since maybe a kid and even more now. growing up it hurts that your mom and dad argue violently over the phone about their relationship and who doesn t want to keep me back and forth i would cover my ears and rock even growing up i was very very munched bullied told my mom and nothing would be done even told her as a 10 year old i wanted to unalive ignored me even told her a lot of time growing up and i didn t have my dad alot due to him being on drugs and in and out of prison and my mom being upset about it losing her soulmate and going to my dad they have a very very rocky relationship and marriage and they could ve been better off divorced even. one time she and him went all out on it changing locks separated even her leaving me with my little sister for weeks to see random men she just met but took each other back my mom has bully me about my weight even called me a hoe a bitch a disappointment and how much she wants me out of her house and everything hurts my feelings even calls my undiagnosed very much have it adhd a retard thing a problem and i have adhd and tells my dad about it like i m. such a retard . she even threatened me many times to put me out a girl who s does everything she ask for went to school getting decent or good degrades first to grad high school soon college and in college to be a teacher but she wants to put me out and everything and not my 40 year old brother who literally has nothing going for him and has the nerve to call him the better child even though they rarely get into he calls her out her name and she does too i never done that to her no matter how mad iam ,i don t know what i did wrong my heart hurts. i seek attention from the wrong crowd from men from anybody just to be groomed to feel all sweet and happy in my heart and all i wanted is motherly love and a healthy relationship we do then something happens and i m getting hurt naked called fat she and more my dad sometimes agree with her and even takes her side it s rare when he takes my side he s even worse at times i have mental breakdowns from them and even cry myself to bed wanting a loving relationship with them. even had a few work mothers who i enjoyed it fills a hole in my heart even because of them they call me the sweetest names and talk to me about my issues than her brushing it off even my dad calling me weak all because of this i gained age regression and find comfort from this at late nights or when i m all very much alone
i ve been struggling with an eating disorder for five year now it ha stolen those year from me crippled me from doing thing i love due to my low body weight made me unable to think rationally and study diligently my family are exhausted mum especially sleeping beside me because she s terrified i ll die alone in my sleep it make my heart rot thinking about the hour they ve spent worrying about me or the time and money flushed down the toilet finding me treatment i always disappoint them the mental health team i ve been going to have been more harm than good mum tried to send me to them a early a she could after spotting my illness they did nothing to prevent it from spiraling out of control which it shortly did i had a useless councillor who would stare at me in silence for an hour every week once she broke it to ask if i drank chocolate milk pretty self explanatory considering i had anorexia my parent and i left each session in tear after politely asking if we could swap councillor the team began bullying my mum they thought we were attacking the councillor i wa seeing this meant they refused to offer me a bed at a residential care and threatened to stop paying for my weekly doctor visit unless i disengaged in seeing a private therapist whom i wa making progress with today i found out my mum s plea to put me into residential care ha been accepted i m scared shitless what worry me most is how much they ll fatten me up i ve read somewhere patient are only released once they ve restored of healthy weight however i m also aware i ll be alone with sick and possibly more malnourished kid than myself five hour away from home i lost it when i heard the news screaming and cry my eye out at my mum who should never deserve to be treated like that she ha done everything she can to keep me alive both her and my younger sister are so sick of me my sister hardly ever speaks to me when she doe it s usually to yell at me for being an idiot and retarded once she even told me she wa embarrassed to go out in public with that me and wished i died of cancer honestly i wish so too especially when i remember how close we used to be i went to my mum after dinner to ask for some support she told me i wa so selfish for continuing to engage in a disordered lifestyle and then taunted me when i said i couldn t drink an additional supplement formula i ve pushed those i love away from me i m so alone and lost i m praying to god i get sick and die because then they wouldn t think i wa doing it for attention or being selfish i m so sorry for the rant but i just don t know what to do
factors i should probably mention i am a 16 year old girl so i am probably just being overdramatic i moved to a different country when i was 12 so that did not help my mental health lol i live in an abusive household amp x200b how i have felt since i can remember empty when i was in kindy primary school i used to tell my mum that i felt as if something was missing but with no idea of what it was lonely and out of place i am wayyy too emotional i need a person to be codependent on amp x200b how i have felt since i was 12 i wish i did not exist very extreme mood swings from depressed to euphoric, from angry bowling my eyes out to laughing very very rarely, i hear sounds voices and see bugs crawling on walls and my skin that are not there i do not even think i should mention it because it is happened a handful of times and i am aware that it is not real after a couple of seconds gt to give clarification, i do not fully see bugs or hear words i see them for a few seconds through a veil not directly where i am looking at. insomnia lucky me i will go from fantasizing about kms for weeks or months to feeling pure euphoria... kind of like there is too much energy inside my body ngl it is a pretty good high hahahah so much guilt i honestly hate myself look at me typing this long ass post just to feel special smh i am just so pathetic tbh when i feel that euphoria energy, i feel invincible and i become even more impulsive than usual popping a tab on a school night, cutting my hair, getting stick and pokes, piercing myself, changing my entire bedroom, spending too much money, deciding that i want to become a professional the amount of hobbies projects i have started but never finished is the length on the odyssey hahah , deciding i want to go to the beach and swim in the ocean fully clothed etc. panic attacks the worst one i had lasted over two hours, i kept going in and out of consciousness bc of the hyperventilation and had to call an ambulance i feel like a sack of shit but at the same time i am so different and distant to everyone and feel special or gifted to an extent i sound like such a narcissist sorry amp x200b what i think is wrong with me? nothing i probably just have depression that is purely situational due to my family, but please please i need to hear what other people think about this. life is pointless and the more i grow up, the more it feels like a simulation test of some sort? it honestly makes no sense it is just emptiness and loneliness. thanks everyone for your time! lt 3 what the fuck is wrong with me? pls someone help me figure it out
i do not even know why i am fucking writing this. the last few years i have had on depression if you can call it that . but this feels the worst i have really been. i am numb inside like just flat lined, nothing. i have had cbt therapy, counselling sessions, anti depressants before and whole bunch of other crap that only works for a short time. i slowly realised that most of my life has been trauma or abuse from family, environment, education, health, friends, girlfriends, life. i recently realised that a day does not go by where i do not get a fucking flashback to the past to a bad situation and that i do not have any happy memories. being back at home for the summer with my parents till i am back at university has definitely not helped. i feel like i have accomplished nothing with my life. 28 years old, no savings, no life, living with parents that have issues themselves. i know i am not in a good place right now but i do not care anymore, i have no fight left inside. i actually want to die.i have always helped people, fixed shit that needed to, been the fucking foundations and rock for other people in the past and think to myself what wasted effort. as selfish as it sounds, no one actually cares about me, no one wants me, no one gives a crap, and this is something i have realised time and time again. i am always alone, everything i do, i do it by myself. no one shows up to any birthdays or they cancel for the last 15 years so i do not bother and spend it by my self. i feel like i fall in the cracks of every aspect of life. i understand that i should be grateful for the things that i have, but id give that all up and do anything to remember what true happiness feels like one last time. i used to make an effort with my appearance, health and with myself. since corona, i do not care about my appearance anymore, i am losing my hair, i am gaining weight. i have lost the desire to drink smoke socially. i have no faith or trust left in friends, family, teachers, basically most things, all they do is disappoint, let down, pick on, bully, backstab or do something really dumbrecently i realised i have anxiety and have become and introvert. i have withdrawn from all social media and become a hermit. i do not even talk to anyone not even my sisters or step sisters. i do not know why i am writing this, i guess i have gone through so much crap in my life i am sick and tired of it all, sorry for sounding like a pathetic piece of garbage, but in all honesty i am not afraid of dying, at least ill feel something. m28, dissociating, empty, numb, just living to die
first of all i am not the best englisch writing person and a little bit drunk. i grow up with my mom and dad til the divorce my dad was an ex robber drug dealer and abusive men he was always in the mood to fight somebody and break them something also he was abusive to my mother. my mother on the other side was and is an depressive alcoholic and drinks every night till she is at least tippsy of drunk.she screamed at me when i was a kid til i was 15 or 16, like every day since i was in school, but never was abussive in a physically way besides she throw something at me sometimes. when she yelled at me it was not that normal yell what a parent does when you did something stupid it was pure evil hatred anger in her voice and when i started crying as a result she often said oh you going to cry again or i have you do not stop crying i drag you on the hairs to the school tomorrow one day she said why do i have to be the one with such a stupid son but she sad it in such a way that i felt just cold i do not even know how i should have respondet to that.also i have a unprocessed trauma because after the divorce i had to stay by my father every second weekend.and after one time i had to picked up in the first night as my mother came she saw the whole desk was full of drugs and after that night i couldt sleep alone and cryied every night i did not want to eat and did not want to draw i really liked to draw before . til this day i do not know what happend this night. could be normal abuse because i know when he hit me did not happed often maybe one or two times school was also awfull because i was bullied for over 4 years straight and never had the streight to fight back, because i know when i got home my mother would be angry at me to for no reason. it was bullied with abuse from not only my classmates but also from other classes people to. then i got a really bad lung disease and almost died and i was ready to die at this point. but i managed to survive it couldt walk after that because all my muscles were gone and had to learn how to walk again and i am really thankful for that i am managed to survive it but there are days were i wish i had died at this point even said it a few times out loud when the pressure is to high in certain situations. there were many things that are to intim to tell or i have forgotten about but i do not want you guys to have to read to much. today. i play the role of the funny guy many woman would also guess i am a fuckboy but i hate myself so much i am also really insecure i. my story just wanted to share with someone anonymously
hi r depression,let me introduce myself. i am a 26 years old guy and i have been dealing with minor depression since i was about 18 years old. i have been into therapy about two years ago and within two weeks i am starting it up again because things have been going downhill lately. i need a new job, i need to move somewhere else, i need some fucking love, but i am just fucking stuck. people always tell me it will get better, but how long is it going to take? i would love to believe it, but it takes a lot of fucking time. i am not suicidal or anything, thank god, but i have done stupid shit like driving really fast at night on an empty road and turning off the lights and just blast into oblivion. deep down inside i know it is a scream for attention or an urge to feel a kind of peculiar 'romantic' feeling. and it never lasts for more than three to five seconds before you snap out of it. anyways, that is not supposed to be me. i am still at the same place where i was a couple of years ago. looking back, things have not improved that much despite hard fucking work. so what do i fucking do? i hope i get lucky one day in the future, but it has not happened yet. all my friends get lucky... the whole ordeal is not the end of the world bad, but it just sucks so much. i really do not know what to do. luckily, i do have very happy days! days where i feel me again, a confident, smart and handsome guy. but on days like these, it just eats up everything. is there any short term solution to get things going again? do not tell me to read a book or to go play the guitar, do something i like, because that is only possible if my mind is in the right place. the only thing that would help is i think a miracle. where are my miracles? like, suddenly being able to move on because of sheer coincidence because you found someone or something you love. it happens to the people i know. well, not me. i was given the option of taking citalopram by my general practitioner and i thought about it, but i will not take it. for three reasons 1 they do not work on everyone, 2 if one is to take them it must be for a long period of time, 3 i do not want to get dependent. i might take them in the future, but let us first see my psychologist.perhaps i can talk a little with you in here, ask me questions or anything, because i am not able to really pinpoint everything. there is pages and pages of feelings in what i mentioned above, but i just cannot paint the whole picture. what the absolute fuck do i do right now? depressed, need some help. or better, a miracle. i just want to talk...
so i was in therapy for depression and one session, my therapist said she wanted to talk more about my childhood trauma which she made me feel like it was some fascinating story to her rather than, you know, trauma and when i said i just was not really in the mood or comfortable enough to talk about it all yet, she said it was okay and moved on. i had only seen her for around four months at that point, once a week if that, so i just was not ready to dive into it all. anyway, our very next session, she told me that i had improved immensely since we first started and not only did she think that i was completely free of any depression symptoms, she said that she was going to be canceling further appointments and that if i needed a visit really bad, just to text her and she could set up a quick meeting. but since then, i have never felt worse. i know what depression looks like and now i feel super invalid for even thinking i have it because i was already tipping a little towards the worst when she dropped me. my father committed suicide when i was younger and so whenever i bring up the fact that my depression seems like it is getting worse, my mom changes the subject immediately and most often will not make a single comment on what i said. i got into my dream school for this fall as a sophmore and i have never felt less enthusiastic about anything i told my therapist that i was unsure of my major and she told me that it did not really matter because in the end, it is just a degree. i tried to talk about what my future career might look like and she told me that, once again, it does not matter right now and that i should not even be worried about it. half a year ago, looking forward to my future was one of the few things that i was able to be positive about but now? i feel stupid for thinking i even have one. i honestly do not even know what to do and i feel like i need to attend therapy again but clearly my therapist thinks i am faking and not many accept my insurance. my family clearly does not even want to speak about it and i have absolutely no friends because i moved to my current city only six months ago and i know no one. i also do not even know if i am considered suicidal because thinking about it does make me cry and make me sad but at the same time, thinking about simply not existing anymore is also one of the happiest things that i could experience right now. i just do not know if i should even try to save myself i was not comfortable talking about my trauma yet so my therapist dropped me i have now had the worst three weeks of my life
for background, my dad commited suicide when i was 13, since then its just been me 16m and my mum. she deals with her own anxiety and depression, i have been dealing with anxiety since i was a kid but finding secure support for either of us was just never possible so its been eating away for years. we made a promise when my dad died that we would stay and support eachother forever, despite this my anxiety got worse since he died and i developed a lot of security issues. i do not know if there is any official word for it but i just cannot trust the world, i have problems being around strangers, i cannot be left alone without someone trusted nearby, ill go into panic at the thought of my mum just going to the bathroom and leaving me for a few minutes. i have had this mindset since i was a kid, from where i do not know, but naturally it got worse when my dad left. this has caused a lot of problems between me and my mum, she wants to have a social life, a job, just freedom in general but because of me, she cannot. she had to quit her job at the end of 2019 because i could not cope with being alone for a few hours after school, she got a new job in 2020 but for most of lockdown i had to live with my grandmother and leave my mum at home because she was working a lot and i could not spend my time alone at school. she always has to drag me out with her on walks because i cannot be alone at home for 30 minutes, i am currently seeing a counseller and trying to be alone more often as practice but the pressure of trying to get better is to put it simply overwhelming. i feel selfish and guilty but i cannot seem to get over it.pressure in general is what i feel is the root of my sadness, i just know i am not going to get better and would rather just have never existed. just not having to feel anything and sleep forever had always been a dream. i read recently on these kind of thoughts and came across active and passive suicidal thoughts, i do not know how official these are but while i do not have any active thoughts at the moment, i am scared for the day that they do become active. it was not until i started reading about it that i realised i have been thinking like this for years, never wanting to have existed. i feel like my dad kind of took away my opportunity to die, and if it was not for him leaving my mum alone i would have had the chance to leave knowing my mum and dad would still have eachother to cope. but thinking of the side effects on my family has trapped me into not wanting to die but not wanting to live either. i just do not want to exist
i love my family i have a slightly distant yet mostly kind older brother a supporting and caring mother and a funny and relatable father i have a stable home life and have a roof over my head and i never starve i would say i have an amazing family and life yet i constantly ruin it i ve been sick and i ll probably need to repeat the grade even doing online course i don t know if i can even pas high school my parent have spent a lot of medical fund for a useless child i have no friend since covid started due to online course and the only people that i constantly to other than my family are doctor and my tutor i make sure that my family never find out i m suicidal though they don t need any more problem i don t even know if you would call me a suicidal a i only have suicidal thought daily i don t cut myself or do anything like that but the reason is because i want to see my family in japan one last time before i die we re going on a trip to japan this summer and that s the sole thing i m living for i m scared of the thought of what will happen to me once i no longer have anything to look forward to i know that at this point i ll probably kill myself the second we come back here at least i ll be known a the cousin who probably died first instead of the suicidal one or a drug addict i know how much my entire family pretend my cousin who is a drug addict doesn t exist so i know the horrid backlash that would occur if i survived i know that if i fail dying i ll fake a recovery before properly offing myself sorry this ended up turning into a suicide idolization rant if you managed to even read it this far i bet your thinking why don t i just get a therapist therapy solves everything not i had a therapist for a whole month and i hated the judging eye the subtle why are you here you have a great life and the fact that they treat you like some kind of test subject orochimaru like creepy people i honestly managed to connect more with my tutor that i ve only known for month who i only met once every two week on zoom never met her in person now i bet your thinking wait why did you contradict yourself you said that your family didn t know you are suicidal and yet you had a therapist it wa because i had to go to so many doctor so often that mother thought about my mental health and gave me a therapist i had the therapist or month before my mother decided that i wa just fine i thank my ability to hide suicidal thought well thank you reddit for letting me make this confession i felt like i needed to say it somewhere where no one would ever find out who i am
maybe if my parents gave me the validation and love i needed i would not be so desperate for attention from random men on the internet. maybe if they cared about me i would not care too much about a suicidal mf who lives on the other side of the world. maybe if they loved me i would not be doing these things. maybe if they taught me to love myself i would not desperately need someone else to do so. maybe if they loved me i would not have to beg total strangers online for validation. maybe if my dad spent time with me and hugged me instead of taking me to the toy store and buying what i want i would not be so touch starved. maybe if my mom treated me good as a kid we would be close. maybe if i did not have to be my mom's parent, i would not care too much abt people who do not deserve it. maybe if my dad did not smack my ass and say that it was too small and that guys liked girls with big chunky asses, i would not be working out as much. maybe if they did not invalidate me everytime i tried to open up to them, i would not be venting to random strangers online. maybe if they showed me they loved me as a kid i would not feel worthless and undeserving of love all the time. maybe if they taught me to be open about my emotions i would not have have a hard time expressing myself. maybe if they listened to me when i begged them to take me to a therapist, i would not have gotten worse. maybe if they sat me down and talked to me instead of yelling at me and calling me a psychopath when they found out i cut myself, i would have stopped. maybe if they did not blame everything on me because i am the oldest child, i would not be blaming myself whenever a small inconvenience occurs. maybe if they showed that they cared about me when i was a kid, i would not think each person who cares about me a little too much is in love with me. maybe if my mom was a little gentle with me, i would not be too harsh on myself now. maybe if my dad was emotionally present when i was a kid, i would not be so used to people doing unreasonable shit. maybe if my dad did not always gaslight me into thinking i was crazy, i would be in a better place mentally. maybe if they believed me when i told them stuff i have never told anyone else, i would not have a fear that people might think i am lying when i am talking about something really serious. maybe if they took my mental health seriously, it would not have effected my grades. maybe if they said they loved me when i was a kid, it would not be hard for me to believe it whenever someone says that they love me. maybe... maybe
there is a old arabic saying that goes like this you want to kill yourself? throw yourself into the sea and watch yourself fight for survival. you do not want to kill yourself, you want to kill something within you. i have been suicidal and depressed on the latter part of my teenage years. even now i feel depressed from time to time, we all do i think. but i want to flip the common thought of depression on its head, just to look at it from another perspective. i am not denying that suicidal thoughts and depression has neurological base but i am not going to talk about brain structure and all that stuff. i think you can deal with depression here and now. people who are depressed and want to commit suicide are the ones that might love life too much. the universe is flowing through them at the speed so fast that they cannot handle. they are too full of ocean of life and have too much feels. what they really are seeking for when they want to commit suicide is to return home, to the source, to rejoice with the vast ocean that is life. they very much want to live and they want to live authentically. what they really want to kill is the ego, which fabricates the story of their life which they now realize is bizarrely illusionary. the idea one has to end ones life is actually a point of awakening. they want to wake up and they want to reach the bridge of life and get to the otherside, which could also mean death. death feels very certain and very real. life on the otherhand intangible and uncertain, it is always moving. i think this is why many people have had experiences of awakening right after coming out of the darkest hours. now when i feel sadness and negative emotions, i look them as an opportunity and an invitation to change the current narrative of my life that is not working out for me, or to delete it completely. i try to face my emotions head on, rather than suppress them, by metitation. i sit, eyes closed, hold my thoughts and emotions like a baby. bathe yourself in your emotions. listen to them. listen to the underlying intelligence beneath the sadness because it is there for a reason. it is there to try to communicate something. it has to be heard. do not fight it. witness it, be friends with it, laugh with it. beacuse ultimately they are part of life and part of nature and part of you. if you cannot accept bad weathers like storms, hurricanes or earthquakes as part of nature, there is no reason why you should not perceive sadness under the same light.the storm can only pass if you let it come first. depression and suicide
in 2016, after living by myself, i had to come back to my parents place. i was pretty miserable because my return was the result of several disappointments and failures in a row.the 2 following years were pretty dark, i did not know what to do with myself and a childhood friend that was very dear to me kind of betrayed me and it totally broke my heart.in 2019, i finally found a job that was perfect for me. i knew the place, my boss was very understanding regarding my shyness, anxiety etc , i was good at it, i got my first salary and the first car etc things were getting much better.i did not move out because i was working part time, meaning i was not earning much, and i chose to prioritise spending my little savings into a car rather than an apartment. then my contract ended and i have been looking for a job since last january. i have been applying to jobs all over the country and oversea, super confident, but i barely get any feedback and when i do, we proceed to have an interview but then i do not hear back from anyone.i was okay with living at home because my mom and brother were still there but she divorced him which i am happy about, my dad has been sucking the joy out of us and belittling us our entire lives , and my brother left too, so now i am stuck with my dad i cannot even look in the eyes, and broke. i was supposed to live with my mom but her new boyfriend moved in instead. that hurt too but i want to let her live her life with him, she deserves it after years of submission to my dad.i know i could try to apply to a different job that is hiring more in the meantime, but as i mentionned, i am very discreet, anxious, shy, but also clumsy, distracted, and i am pretty sure that i would be a burden and suck at anything that is not of my qualifications. i do not feel capable of doing anything i do not know alreadyim very alone. i got a couple friends and i am thankful for them but my social life is far from being exciting and my love life is simply inexistant. i was relatively fine with it because frankly relationships scare me, so i was kind of at peace with it, but considering my current situation, that lack of love is adding to my list of what is making me feel worthless. someone that could make my heart feel a bit lighter would not harm right now.if you read it that far sorry, that was a lot of self pity. i needed to get that off my chest.i know i am most likely not dealing with things in the best way possible and could certainly do more, please do not come at me too hard for it i am trying i feel trapped and defeated
man in fucking tired. i laugh, but i cannot breathe i cannot think, i cannot help but cry for hours in my room. i cannot stand this family anymore i just want to kill myself and i have tried before but i cannot even fucking do that right for fuck sake. i am tired i really am of no one fucking listening to me, of no one understanding me, well fuck the understanding part. at least listen but nope. my head feels numb from the number of times i hit it against the wall, how the fuck have i survived 15 years in this house i do not know. someone probably has it so much worse then me that i cannot even imagine, but who the fuck cares about how they have it. i want someone to care about how i have it, i want someone to listen to me scream for hours on end about how fucked up everything is. i want someone to agree with me and not contradict the first fucking sentence that comes out of my mouth. i am straying away from my belief in god everyday, no matter how hard i try i cannot fulfil any wish of mine, i cannot do anything i put my mind to...well anymore at least, i cannot think straight, i cannot breathe. seeing my mother trying to keep our family together is just rough man, in tired of seeing her be abused by my dad, physically for 7 or 8 years of my life, and now mentally. i hate him, i would shoot him if someone gave me a gun without hesitating. i hate my sister, she is a little devil, and i mean that literally, she is the reason for so many problems in my house, i do not want to live anymore, i am tired of fucking hearing the same god fucking damned phrase it gets better with time . fuck. time. it is bullshit, god favours the bold, more like god favours the rich and famous. i do not want to do this anymore, i am not scared of death, or what is after it. i know a very pleasant hell awaits me, but i am not scared for some reason. i am not able to stop myself from crying sometimes i cannot hold back emotions. i just want to hug someone for so long that i fall asleep. i want to talk about how i do not want to live, and i do not want constructive criticism , i just want you to listen i just want someone to listen. i give up, cus there is no one i know like that. i give up, cus i do not know where my life is headed, i give up of hearing comparisons of me to other children of my age and how they score really well, i give up of my parents assuming that the games i play and the people i talk to behind their back are the reason for my anger, i give up of this motherfucking bullshit of a life. i give up. thank you for reading. man i am tired
i do not know if this is the best place to post this, but i needed to write my thoughts down. my father told me today that hes arranged to go for a week holiday in september with his friends. i have not had the chance to be alone for longer than 24 hours for awhile now so i felt in my heart like this would be the perfect time.i have been wanting to end my life for awhile now. i attempted to take my life about 2 years ago, i was so broken but in the end i was stupid enough to think there was a glimmer of hope and i did not go through with it all the way. since then i have received help and support from my family and a few friends which i am so grateful for but in the end nothing has changed. i am such a burden and waste of space on everyone and i am still the empty she will of a person i have always have been. i have not got any better, only worse. so the thought of ending my life brings me comfort, knowing ill have peace at last and the pain will stop. so i have waited it out, just drifting through limbo until the opportunity came.i have always been subconsciously planning to get things organised after my first attempt. in some sense i have been slowly making sure all of my accounts and belongings are in order so it will be a little easier for my family in some way. but now i have two months to really plan and organise it, but i have do it in such a way that my family will not notice anything off.i like to be organised, even with death i guess. so as well as how i am going to end my life. properly this time, i just need look in to things like my student dept and what happens when i do pass away, will the debt so straight to my parents? i want to pay so much off now as i can so if that happens its not as much for them. make sure to leave them letters and also leave my usernames and passwords to my bank, phone account etc. which would be the best day to do it, towards the end of my fathers holiday? so if that my mum calls on the day and i do not answer, she would ring my father in a panic and he would have to to leave his holiday earlier to come back to open the house to check on me. i cannot think of anything else while typing this right now but ill make posts on here as i go. i am writing this and posting it on here in hopes that my family or friends might find peace if they ever come across my reddit account. i hope they will know that i loved them with all my heart but this is truly what i wanted. or ill probably just delete my account towards the end. but i just i feel better writing it all down. my two month plan
i did the best i have ever done yesterday. i brushed my teeth, took a shower, meditated for 20 whole minutes, walked for almost an hour, made a schedule for myself, morning, nightly and weekly. i did all the things i set out to do.but around early evening things took a turn for the worst. the nukes began dropping in my head. you cannot stay like this, you will never achieve anything, you are not worthy of love, you are not even worthy of being acknowledged, you are a pointless enigma, you are hopeless, you will never be anything more than a failure, you cannot get it right, you will fall, you should just end this, give up, no one could ever love you, just end this, you cannot escape the pain, you cannot deny reality, you cannot do anything, you should just end this.combined with the siphoning of the worth of my deeds, how pathetic my attempts were in reality, the pressure inside my head, my heart like a sack of stones. it is been present now for about 6 hours. i did manage to get myself to sleep for about 7 hours in there.but as soon as i awoke, those thoughts were right there, the heaviness in my chest, this overwhelming sense that i just cannot escape reality. that i have lost everything and i will always be bound to lose whatever i try to build.i try to remember my therapy tools. i try to just breathe, acknowledge how bad it hurts and just let it be. try not to fight it. but it just keeps screaming inside that i am just an empty monster pretending to be human.seems my depression was more than ready to strike me down. to try to convince me of how hopeless the remainder of my life truly is. all the things i have been forced to miss, things i cannot let go of. my children. how i failed them. all of this pain, all of the regrets, all of that loss. just more nuclear bombs going off inside my mind. in all of it i wish i could just scream but i cannot. i wish i could cry but i cannot. the pain is so total, the destruction of my mind seemingly complete. as the fallout begins to rain down. i want to believe, this seperate entity from my mind, this me . the fractures and fault lines seem to vast to repair. in all of it, i suppose i should at least be grateful that i have therapy in about 4 hours.though i am not sure what i am really doing beyond wasting my therapist's time. it all feels so inevitable and i try to convince myself it will pass. i try to say maybe it is not as bad as my mind is making it out to be. i try to fight this war through kindness but i feel i am failing, just as i always have done. i can t
i am a 24 yo male. all throughout my life, i feel like i peaked really early on, and either through self induced calamity, circumstance, or a combo of both came crashing down. even though i have not lived a long time, i already experienced a long term relationship, sex, life abroad, college, and some recognition. i realize how lucky i had been for to actually tick off those moments. but my relationship ended because i became self grandiose and deemed myself settling for someone below me, whatever the hell that meant at the time. my life abroad ended because i forgot or was too nonchalant to file in some paperwork crucial to my legal standing. i have realized my ba and ms degrees, even though acquired from top universities, do not mean shit, when there were apparently thousands of software programs that i should have been mastering instead of wasting my time passing a introduction to beer ge course in college. i remember i used to be extremely motivated and driven up until three, four years ago. i always deemed it my best quality, that i could find the motivation from within. but ever since those times, i have just kept falling further and further away from what a subjective optimal human life from should be. i find it hard to be motivated to do most everyday tasks. i have grown a dislike for people. i think i have finally realized the superficiality of modern society, or at least the segment that i know. and everything seems extremely pointless. i have not had a job since grad school, and have not had a relationship after my said breakup. i might just have grown lazy. or i might be severely depressed. now lucky for the leech that i am, my expenses are, and will be for some time i think, paid for. and if i do not make some stupid mistakes, like getting married or adopting a baby or starting a business, or in any way do not add anyone or anything to the payroll, i could retire to a small bungalow in the country and meagerly live out the rest of my life without working or engaging with the society. i might grow into an alcoholic with a severed lung, but that is a bet i am going to have to make. i am not posing a question here. i am just writing down what i have been seriously thinking about for the past couple of months, and i want to know your opinion on it. i think there is no way out vertically, so i am thinking to change position horizontally, before ultimately falling off the radar. idk if any of these make sense to you folks. i am just very tired and bored and hopeless of life. thinking of retirement
i studied psychology in undergrad. been trying for 2 and a half years to get into grad school. 4 rejections because i am dumb as fuck and have no utility in the real world. i have been working as a case manager for the past 2 years being an underpaid personal assistant for the chronically mental ill along with uber driver. i have a case load of 28 i am expected each week to ensure the client is able to navigate his or her diagnosis.. fuck i have lost hope in mental health all together next time you meet with your therapist recollect that all he or she does is reflect your thoughts and affirm your shitty decisions that lead you in to this place all together.. have you met any one in mental health field that is actually happy because its been 2 years and i have not met a soul who is not a fucking coward or in it for milking the insurance. or who actually fucking cares about science. where does that me. a person who lies in the diagnosis of being depressed but does not believe a word they say because its all subjective sjw bullshit..what if i want to identify myself as a depressed man who drinks 8beers a day and smokes weed until my thoughts are so far gone that i would not even recall them when i am sober. what if that makes me fucking happy. you feel great satisfaction the feeling that beer gives you yep i sure do. idk this a rant from the most raw feeling that can express. i just want to make a difference and help people. but i cannot even help myself. what kind of adumb fuck wastes 4 years of his life to study a topic that pays so little and exposes you to daily traumas and countless victims of the universe.fucking victims everywhere get over yourselves your going to fucking identify as depressed and anxiety ridden even though you did not have to storm the beaches of normandy or die huddled in a gas chamber because of your religion or face persecution in any other way except for your ego to get bruised a bit because you are to fucking stupid to come up with a rational argument to yourself of why you are not fucking worthless. act like your fucking with something because its not going to matter to anyone else but yourself. you suffer because you desire. you desire to feel something different than what you feel daily. maybe the only thing to do is bear the suffering and bear the burden for other people. i am going to do the best i can believe that is the only thing i can do. this was no filter typing. i believe in you all just do me a favor and do not claim to be a victim own your shit.much love fuck it
a you can tell from the title this is something i have known about since i have been a kid i used to get infatuated way too fast and get anxiety when a girl wouldn t be going a fast a me since growing up though i have been able to slow down however when it doe happen i don t know why my anxiety just start coming out again starting back in october of 0 0 i wa talking too this girl for about month and nothing really ever came of that besides texting due to her being manipulative and gaslighting me however i wa head over heel for her it wa one of the worst month of my life and after that happened i made alot of life change and all of 0 wa pretty much the happiest year of my life now in 0 i recently moved to a new city and met this one girl we have been talking for about week almost every day and she ha texted me almost every evening asking how my day wa and is actually interested in getting to know me since i learned not to get to into her yet i usually just responded to her whenever and went about my day usually we would have around hour between each of our text to each other sexual content warning fast forward to last night i took her on a really nice dinner date and we talked alot afterwards i walked her home and she asked if i wanted to come inside we talked more and one thing led to another and we ended up having sex however part way through she started bleeding and the condom came off in her she wa incredibly embarrassed and almost started cry i just kept hugging her telling her not to worry about that i still had a great time and stayed with her for about over an hour i eventually had to leave to go home but afterwards on my drive home i really started falling for her she texted me a bit when i got home saying she wa happy i made it home safe today though all the anxiety i used to feel when i wa younger falling for girl who might not like me back started flooding into my head again i couldn t sleep well because i wasn t sure if i did anything wrong and i just wanted to be with her we texted a little in the morning but the text that the past few week that normally took hour to get a response from each other feel like a millenia now my anxiety really is coming out in those long wait because i really just wan na talk with her and i m afraid she s gon na ghost me like a bunch of other people have done to me in the past i know there is nothing i should worry about but i thought i had my anxiety under control finally only for today to suck again doe anyone have any advice on how i should control it best
english is not my mother language, sorry if its a bit all over the placethrowaway due to a pointless fear of someone clicking my profile and recognizing mealcohol, gambling, not even masturbation makes me feel anything anymore. by my own means i have been depressed since 8th grade which makes it almost 8 years by now. i have never seen a future to myself since the age of 14before high school i was kind of a recluse doing my own thing, playing my own games on the computer and not very popular but since i discovered parties and alcohol i have been a main man that everyone invites. since then i have gotten along with everyone not depending on gender, the sarcastic humorist that everyone needs in their life, i have been a shoulder to cry on for males and females and i have always been someone that has given advice to them that they have benefitted from. since high school ended i have noticed that all my friends have gotten some type of lives and i have always been the one who has been included into new friend groups that have formed from those times that have quite not made it yet. but now is the time that these friends have ran out and i am starting to be the only one who cannot move on.i am from quite a dysfunctional family and i am now working a very severe manual labor job that i just do because i could not stay for more than a year in university due to never having learned the ability to study by being able to cruise through high school without any problemsi have no goals in life because everything feels pointless, although i realise that it is not pointless because my life and something that i do could matter to someone but i am really at a crossroads now by binge drinking at the weekends but does not seem a fast enough slow suicide. even thought of becoming an opioid addict because id have a point to wake up in the morning to get my next fix. sounds absolutely idiotic i know, but this is where i am at noweverytime i get together with my old friends i have acted like its all ok and bullshit my way out of it but i have started to drink more compared to them when i see them and its starting to damage the relationship i have with themits probably a shamble and it took a lot from me to write this since and not delete it like i tried to many times during this post. i have never told this to anybody.also sorry if its the wrong subreddit for this, maybe it would fit more to the doomer or whatever subredditi just do not know anymore, i guess i am just young and stupid but when will it end absolutely nothing
i have been suffering for eight long month after a girl i thought would be interested in being my girlfriend ended thing and left me out to dry it wa a pretty short span of dating and hooking up we talked during the summer and only saw each other in person for a few week but the aftermath ha been the worst thing i ve ever gone through in my entire life i have alienated myself from her because i couldn t stop texting her and asking what i did wrong or saying thing i thought i did to make her not interested and expect her to confirm i am on a no contact basis with her now which is probably for the best because i don t think she even cared that much about me to begin with i can t handle the fluidity of dating how people can just leave something if it isn t working out for them for whatever reason and not know what that reason is i ve already come up with every possible situation or reason in my head that it didn t work out and it s honestly been driving me over the edge since last summer i can t take this anymore luckily it s never gotten so bad that i threatened her with suicide because i remember her saying she had an ex who did that to her and it sound like an awful thing to have done to you but that thought did cross my mind where i wanted to present that a an ultimatum to her if she couldn t just tell me what the exact reason or reason were she wanted to end it but i would never actually do that due to it being shitty to put another person through it s not enough for me to accept that we lived more than three hour from each other or she had a bad long term relationship end and wasn t trying to get into anything serious or she told me she wa feeling suffocated by me it s like the spongebob episode with patrick s secret box i just want so badly to hear what it might have been like she would tell her girl friend behind closed door no matter how bad it might sting or hurt but i know i ll never know precisely what she wa thinking it is so difficult to just move on or let it go like people always say for dating situation like this that to me just sound impossible i just hate dating i hate how some people have such ease jumping from date to date or going on multiple date with multiple people at once or talking to many people at one time it just make me feel so overwhelmed and upset that that seems to be the norm in society i can t take it it make me want to die just knowing that s what i m going to have to deal with if i want to have any hope of finding someone to be with let alone get over this last girl
you know what kind of movies and shows i am talking about. stand by me, stranger things, fast times at ridgemont high, breakfast club, etc. plots about a group of close friends getting into hijinks together with a romantic subplot where one or many of them like the same girl or guy . i know life does not play out like a movie but the essence of these films the friendship, the heartbreak, the bonding, the etc, i never had that.the closest thing i have ever had to real friends was in elementary school but that is it. from middle school all the way to now, a college graduate, i was alone. i was not bullied really at all, thankfully, but i never had friends of any kind and just kept to myself. and it was all for really one main reason, if i had to give one i was afraid. all the time i was afraid, and still am really at my core. i never really asked anyone to be my friend or if i could hang out with others. i would go in to school every day, sit in class, sit alone at lunch, then go home and do it all again the next day. the internet was my world that occupied my boring life and still does.of course this also meant i failed at something else girls. i have yet to even kiss a girl. big accomplishment, i know s. again, i was always too afraid to even ask out anyone. the only time i ever really mustered up the courage was around prom when i asked one of the prettiest girls in my class and of course she rejected me gently though, thankfully .college was not much better either. sure i had my independence away from my parents. but what really did me in was laziness. i hated a lot of my classes and skipped regularly, which resulted in declining grades. somehow though i got my degree five years later switched my major too late and here i am telling you my pity party story.go ahead and make fun all you want. i stopped caring about life a long time ago. and now i am also mourning the loss of a close family member, my uncle, on top of everything else in my life. but going all the way back to the beginning, when i watch these shows and movies, the thing i am constantly reminding myself of involuntarily is i never had that and continuously put myself down like always. i do not plan on ending myself anytime soon. but the weight of my laundry list of regrets is a heavy load i still carry with me every single day. and one day it is going to break me if it has not already. i hate but also like coming of age stories even though i have spent the majority of my life alone and without any friends. and i want to talk about that
exactly what the title says. hollow and grey on the inside. do not have a single soul to express how i truly feel. i am 18 turning 19 in a week. wish i never existed but with my luck.. i just had to be the one motherfuckin sperm that actually gets to the egg. built this girl a whole brand new basement, got to know her really well, and even had her mom fall in love with me, and things were going great.. until she chose another man over me. that is okay i do not expect a damn thing from anybody. nobody owes me shit. at least the very temporary company helped comfort my pain so slightly. stuck working a back breaking job general contractor for my pops company. underpaid as hell. others my age are doing much less work and making much more money. already got bad lower back pain at 18. its all cool, hes my pops and i understand that i need to sacrifice some things. starting my second year of university in september studying supply chain management . forced to go to school solely because of my mom. its okay, i guess ill get the degree to make her happy. first year was nothing due to covid. i also study the highest level of professional day trading education possible. i value lifting and being healthy so i incorporate the gym about 5 6x a week. its hard doing all this with nobody whatsoever. i pray and ask jesus the lord himself if he would just please bring a women in my life in his name and grace. its sad to say it, but i just do not know if he answers my prayers. nobody cares about me man, i feel alienated from human society. everything is bottled in, i am so stressed out that i got vitiligo. all i do is slave and work all damn day and it feels like nothing is progressing or getting accomplished. i am broke, broken, lonely, sad, hurt, angry, fragile. trying my hardest to battle this. its so difficult man. its all sinking in her picking another man over me, my friends ditching me for no reason, running this damn contracting business with just my dad, literally not another soul brutal back work , being broke as fuck even tho it feels like i am working 16 hours a day. trying to get the stock trading down so i do not lose my back and my dad at 21. lifes pressuring me man. just want a damn hug. just seems like i put everyone else happiness first, and i finish last. i am praying for a sign, i am praying god turns my life around. i have officially hit rock bottom man. goodnight, hopefully tomorrow is a good day in the markets so i can hopefully retire without a herniated disc. i have nobody. sad lonely and hurt
for years i kept thinking my life was going to kick off, but at 29 i feel my life has hit its dead endwhen i was 14 i thought i was going to start dating and eventually i wanted to get married and start a family, but no girls were ever interested in me. i have put myself out there and i can get girls to like me just never that way. which i settled, thinking eventually that will change. i will find my perfect match and i wanted to respect everyone has their choices even if it meant friendzoning me. well 15 years later of nos and i am losing hope and with every rejection i become a little less confident.my social skills are not much so i have slowly crawled further and further in a reclusive state.when i was 18 i had no idea what i was going to do with my life, nor was i motivated to make the most of it, but my friend convinced me into enlisting in the military. as they had a lot of benefits and opportunities.i thought hey, this will jump start my life and can motivate me to be the best person i can be. so i joined the navy, but between the massive amount of crappy leadership, everything becoming more unfair, the shitty hours in the hot sun, i felt the military did a lot to demotivate me. i felt like all my bad habits got worse and i became an even worse person.i left the navy because i knew with the way things would progress that line of work would get worse for me on top of just not even being good at it.i got a decent paying job, my own place, i make ends meat fine, but i also fuck up a lot. my finances range from high to low over the years and now that i reaching what is essentially the halfway point of my life i feel like i fucked myself forever.that even if i did find the perfect career path for me, i am competing with other 29 year olds that have been doing it for 10 years and i am not even good at anything.i am lonely because i have never had a girlfriend or even my first kiss for that matter and i barely have any friends outside keeping in touch with one from high school. nor do i even know how to meet people at this age and my introverted nature certainly does not help. i have made an improvement that i have spent this year dieting and exercising, so i am making at least some improvement in my life and i have taken some pride in that. but still, i have no one to talk to about these issues because everyone in my friends and family either has their own problems or they are just not someone who i can depend on.please help almost 29 and i am so disappointed in myself and every year i feel worse
i have always struggled with my emotions. i never really knew i was depressed until it hit me like a truck. i was lonely. i would come home everyday to nothing. ever since i was younger i tried my absolute hardest to be a good student for my parents. now it just feels like i am being used and manipulated to have a life that they wanted. they just press their feelings of how i need to do well for them like i am just being used to be the perfect person in the sims or something. i had issues with anger and i was always spontaneous and insecure. i thought i was just goofy and quirky, but never in my life do i realize so clearly now how depressed i am.and then i met someone. she was the kindest human being you would ever meet. she was the first person in my entire life who treated me like... well me. i thought i was so happy but my feelings would never stop. i would still struggle with my anger and i often disassociated myself with her because i just did. no matter what happened, she would always come back. i hated it. why would you come back to someone like me? why would you love someone like me? i broke up with her because i knew that i was not good enough. i was selfish and a horrible person to her. even still she came back and she still was with me. i did not realize just how big of a mistake i made until maybe a couple weeks later. i was a little sad... but i was getting over it. and then it hit me... all at once. a day where i would not have a panic attack was a good day. a day where id have more than one meal was rare. i never slept. i never did anything. my boss keeps yelling at me because i keep messing up.my life up until now has been a joke. she is moved on and goes out with this other dude. when i saw them in public for the first time this was when i was getting better. and i saw them and just felt it all. my chest got tight. everything seemed dull, nothing made sense. i woke up in the car my parents were driving home with the memory burned in my mental.at that point... it was over. the one person who loved me. the one person who treated me like a human, was gone. was it all a lie? i never had any friends. i was alone.i am so completely and utterly hopeless. what is the point of doing anything. for the first time ever i started having suicidal thoughts. i do not know what to do anymore. life is just so cold. i feel like the next person to hug me is going to make me cry. i miss love from anyone. i miss when i could laugh and smile. now i am just numb and tired. i am pretty much hopeless
i have had depression since i was 12. i do not have motivation nor energy even for the things i like. i have a smothering relationship with my parents. i am almost 27 years old, with no reason to live, no relationships, and no money. i want to escape and live somewhere else. i will find a dead end job and find an apartment. no one understands nor tries to understand what i am going through. for everyone else, the solutions are straightforward. move out, see a therapist, take anti depressants, get a job, meet new people, read books on self help, learn to love me more, learn from my mistakes. i have done several of those things. will doing all those things together heal me? i feel depression will never leave me. it is always been there, talking very loudly or softly at times. no one really tries to talk to me and understand. everyone just judges me as an irresponsible, lazy, inmature, naive, silly, introverted, boring, square person. no one tries to understand and even if they did, no one can help me.the person in my life which i loved the most broke up with me. she did not love me. and she is better off without me. she confessed how she did not break up with me earlier because of how i would react and be afterward. she was right and i feel like shit and it is not just the breakup. i have tried meditation, no contact, therapy, books, hobbies, introspection, you name it. i am not worthy of love or understanding. i know she knew she did not like who i am. i cannot do anything about that. but no one has ever liked me. that is why i have no friends. that is why the unending cycle of rejections of everyone, including family members.what i hate the most is that i just want that person who broke up with me to reach out. but that will not do any good. even if she really did love me, like me, and cared, it would not change anything. am i better off dying? i ask myself this question every day. my presence in people's lives has only hurt it. i have nothing but prove. it is like having a terminal disease. i just destroy everyone around me as i slowly die because i have no convictions, will, desires and goals. but i cannot choose to kill myself. i cannot stand the thought of dying. i want to live. i want to want to be better. but that is just it, i would like to have the desire to be better. deep down i want peace, to be understood and love, but that does not cure depression. i have even taken medicine in the past. nothing has helped. i am useless, worthless, just meaningless. i do not want to live anymore
i feel like a husk. i have no thoughts in my head. i have no feelings in my body. i have no hobbies, few friends, and i spend most if not all of my time alone, in my apartment, bombarding my brain with mindless nonsense. i feel like i am incapable of making a decision and missing that piece of the human brain that tells people to do things. to plan and to identify how to make things happen.i did not realize that is how i was living, until one day, i did. and when it clicked, i wanted to vomit. all of the time i wasted. all of the people i pushed away. the experiences i never had. and that made me seek help.it is been a couple weeks since then. i have been battling. and today, i had a thought. i have not said this out loud to anyone, so i am putting it here. i think i was emotionally abused.i remember being 12 and having a friend over playing thrillville on the ps2 and my mom coming home drunk at 2am screaming at me for staying up so late. i remember all the nights that i would hear her and my stepdad come home at 1am, and i would immediately flick the lights off and try to go to bed, because i was afraid of if they would fight or if they would scream at me. i remember being in high school and afraid of having a relationship, just because i would have to tell my mom about it, and i knew she would freak out. i remember the time when i was 17 and she would constantly take my phone and go through it when she drank, and one of my friends sent me a chain text about buying pot from him. i did not even smoke. she called him and screamed at him, and then she screamed at me. i remember being 21 and she slapped me in the face, grabbed my arm as i tried to storm out, and when i yanked my arm out from her grip, she fell and said she was going to call the cops on me, and that they would arrest me because i am a man and she is a woman. i remember being 16 and trying to work up the nerve to go downstairs and get a bowl of cereal, because i was afraid.i feel like my brain shut itself down back when i was a kid. said that it was going on autopilot, because there was no other way. and i have spent all that time since then alone. in my room. by myself. doing nothing to better myself. i graduated high school in that time. i graduated college in that time. i became a relatively successful adult so far, at least professionally in that time. and yet, i do not know me. i am lost. and i am afraid that it is too late to ever find myself. and that i was taken from me against my will. i think i was emotionally abused.
first time going this far. drove about a kilometer of a dark road keeping my eyes shut for the most time. opened them when i finally felt something besides of intoxicating feeling of myself.i have been an outsider my whole life. and every piece of the feeling of being a part of something was pretty precious to me. recently i have got my engineering diploma. i should be more or less happy, it was a long work after all, but i have lost another collective.sadly, i had been diagnosed with depression before and have been fighting with it for a while, but now...i even start considering to make a final surrender. to get in the sweet cold hug of the unexistence. to dissolve into nothing. to stop experiencing things.i feel like this is linked to the loneliness i have been living with for a while. quite for a while, i may say. last year's covid waves have left me alone in the dark bunker of my home with just enough support to allow food and the internet. this solitude has even changed me a bit i have stopped drinking, started intermittent fasting and so on. now i consider returning to alcohol. it just gives some veil of indifference from a hum in my head. the hum of negativity and overthinking i burden myself with.i remember myself before . many do, i guess. i remember my life with narcissistic parents, those goddamned nights full of studies, early attendance to the medical university and all lost time and social skills. damn, i even understand now why i was always in outsider.but then i have left the university, stopped talking to the most of m family, reunited with it is functional part, got first job, was hopeful to attend engineering university, tried to invent stuff, learn skills, start something. now the fire has gone out. a small amber of hope still glows though, and that is the reason why i only consider a final surrender.another bad thing, i guess, is that i have come to a certain conclusions about our universe. they basically state that after death we do not experience anything. no time, no darkness, nothing. and after some time we will exist again in the future, because it is our only option to exist . as an addition to those conclusions i have got the idea that the life cycle will repeat in one way or another. until something changes enough in one of the lifes, so we would be redeemed from our regular life cycles. the final surrender does not make it better though, as in my mind it may make things worse, but who cares on the end of the line? i have just been driving with my eyes closed.
it s tuesday evening and i haven t been able to fall asleep in a few day because i can not stop replaying a sequence of event at work from last week i talked it out with my coworkers and i know that i wa in the right there wa nothing i could have done to get a better result and it s ok everything s cool let s move forward with our life k i would love for it to be that easy but that squishy asshole between my ear ha a very different perspective on the matter so we can t move forward we haven t earned that yet we have to spend an indeterminate amount of time meticulously dismantling and examining every minute detail of the incident my action and the reaction of everyone else involved buckle up and grab a barf bag folk it s about to get real whenever i have even a tiny stretch of free time the film reel in my head alternate between warp speed and slow motion depending on circumstance and timing every minute or so my brain get the ball rolling with really all the thing you could have done and that wa how you handled it idiot followed up with whoa you ve got nothing to worry about bae you handed that shit like a champ before circling back to what the fuck is wrong with you why why would you do something so heinously ridiculous this is why nobody want to be around you this shit right here and after that we get another no don t listen to that mess you are entitled to occupy space on this planet without apoligizing for your own existence but then that s hilarious see how far that attitude get you tomorrow after everyone ha had time to think about what happened and they realize what an immature out of touch self centered asshole you are have fun dying alone and unremembered and then every few minute the pattern repeat itself in an infinite loop of madness half assed self justification and shame this can go on for day sometimes week or month but it never permanently stop sometimes a certain song a smell a facebook memory or a half heard remark from across the room will launch my as back in time to tear myself to shred over an instance that ha been dead buried and forgotten by the rest of the human race except for me lather rinse repeat go fuck yourself wave of abject misery and self loathing interspersed with flash of contentment that might occasionally brighten thing up but it never really stop or get any better the best i can really hope for is the drop off in frequency that occurs after a few week or ideally i might forget about the incident entirely until i get hit with a trigger again at least
my mother 50f has been living in the apartment that she and my father owns for 2 years. the apartment is definitely a downgrade from the last apartment rented we lived in 2 years ago. it was in a more posh and quiet area while this is in the outskirts near a highway. however, this has all the amenities and is in no way a bad place to live in.my mother has always complained a bit about the sounds of vehicles and how hot it gets in the summer in this apartment because we stay on the top floor however, for the past 2 months she has become incredibly irritated with it. she cries about how much she hates it and how much she regrets buying the apartment. we have air conditioned it for her comfort but she still gets anxious about anything and everything. she was recently diagnosed with very high levels of thyroid and she has been suffering from insomnia and fever every day for the past few months which can explain a lot of the discomfort but it seems like she will not find peace until we move which is not feasible for us and she knows it and becomes more regretful for complaining.i think my mother misses our last apartment because it was bigger and the whole family me, my brother, my father, and my mother lived together there. she knows i will have to leave once i get a job and unlike some of her friends whose children are home due to the pandemic, my brother still works and lives in a different city although he is working from home there. recently i and my parents visited him and stayed at his place for about a week my mother really liked the fact that we all were together for a week and she said she felt because of the cooler weather in his city even though his home was a mess. she was dreading coming back home and now that she is home, i see her shaking and crying. i have tried to talk to her but she tells me that i will not understand what she is going through and it was her mistake that she agreed to move to this apartment in the first place. my dad and i do not know what to do anymore. we cannot move because of money issues.could it be depression? i do not think she is open to get professional help so is there any way i and my family could help? is she associating her home with bad memories? we used to move every 2 to 5 years because of my dad's job so is that a way she has been coping with bad memories for the last 25 years and now she cannot because my dad has retired and this is supposed to be her permanent home? my mother hates the apartment she lives in. is it because of depression?
lost my home, my car, just about to finalize my divorce after seven years of marriage they cheated on me with someone 16 years younger , my mother is fighting breast cancer for the last two years, my sister is fighting breast cancer for the last two years, my niece has an eating disorder, i quit my job early this year because my soon to be ex said it was a good idea plus the job just started to suck big time, the stock market and crypto market are fucked, i will never be able to buy a home, i will never understand the potential i could offer the world all of this is why being alive right now sucks so much and i do not know how i even get up each day. how can our world be setting itself on fire, in every thought possible, and the small group of people who have happiness continue to promote lie after lie about how good life is. life fucking sucks. things have been terrible since the late 90s and it are not getting any better. i am at the point where i would like to see the world self implode so we can at least all start at the ground level instead of living in some elysium style future where a small group of people continue to piss on all of us. i am done. i cannot stand most foods and treats, anything that was enjoyable or entertaining is shit. this is one of many years where i am questioning the point of all this. politicians are crooked, rich people are raping the poor in every way imaginable, news is garbage on both sides, people are angry but do not know why when the fuck is the other shoe going to fall? there is no way any of this gets better, it is only going to get worse. much worse. let us not cherry coat this shitty world we are in a gilded age and nothing good comes out of these eras. wars will probably happen, more shortages will continue, much more suffering, pain and death is bound to come, but hey, a new fucking comic book movie is coming out! who gives a flying fuck, they keep shoveling shit into your mouth and people keep on eating the massive pile of shit trying to feign a smile and say they enjoyed it. stop lying to yourselves, this is a horrible time in life, people are transfixed by their phones and trying to find some enjoyable element to cling onto. we need a revolution like the world has never seen, a change in everything, in everyone. instead, we will continue to fester with negativity, despair and hopelessness. just had to get that out, these thoughts just permeate my daily thoughts and i am losing my goddamn mind. i am so lost. not sure how to survive each day.
hello all,i just need to vent a bit about my current situation and hoping i can get advice or a simple ear to listen.on my birthday in late may, i was visiting a friend and had an accident in his home. i fell down the basement stairs, busted my head open, and was barely breathing. i thought this was one of my best friends, but he never once visited me in the icu or hospital and now we rarely speak. its breaking my heart.3 days after being home from icu, i received a call that my grandfather passed away. i still am incapable of processing this.i am currently on disability leave from work and i get paid 60 of my salary. it has been almost 2 months but nothing has improved. all day long i am driven around to doctor appointments and feel like a helpless child. i need to go back to work as soon as possible and cannot fathom being able to handle my usual workload.my anxiety and depression is the worst its ever been. i thought it was awful in the past but i was wrong. i cannot sleep until 5am because i am paralyzed with fear. nothing makes me happy. i have no interests and cannot do basic chores because i simply do not care. people love me but i feel like i am not good enough for that love. i recently switched to a new psychiatrist right after the accident. my previous one was okay but i was hoping to find someone who understands my needs better. well, the appointment today with the new psych went terribly. she decided to cut my anti anxiety rx to 1 3 of my prior dosage which i have been taking for many years, upped my mood stabilizer even though she is aware that i have tried this in the past and higher doses make me very dizzy and i am struggling with dizziness as a side effect of my brain injury already. then she added a drug which gave my boyfriend horrible tremors and ticks. i told her all of this made me incredibly uncomfortable and she did not care. i had to call the pharmacy right away and tell them not to bother filling the prescriptions and to take her name off my file. the last thing i need from all of this is to raise flags and look like a doctor hopper! i am waiting to get back in with my previous psychiatrist.bills. more bills piling up every day. i have a huge stack and can barely pay rent with my 60 salary.i live alone and today was the worst i have had in years. i am not planning to harm myself but am struggling with a reason to continue living. i was happy before the accident and now i feel like an impostor in my own life. brain injury, betrayal, family death, and depression
over 12 years ago, i m had bad anxiety with random panic attacks. depression was mixed in there as well probably due to the anxiety, they went hand in hand. i went to therapy and a psychiatrist. i was put on lexapro and the panc attacks stopped. i have since moved far away from those doctors, have not been to therapy in years. i just kept taking lexapro from my primary because why not. no one ever said to stop. but in the past year or two, my concentration has been getting worse and i felt other random little physical side effects from the medicine had just become annoying and thought why not stop lexapro, it is been years. i had to stop taking it before at one point due to moving and finding new doctor so i knew about withdrawals and i had to stop another couole prescriptions before lexapro was the one. i slowly lowered my dose every week or two for about a month or so. eventually, i stopped and of course physical withdrawals came on, brain zaps and all. i stopped 4 weeks ago and the zaps stopped about a week ago. i have been less tired in the mornings which was a big struggle on lexapro, always tired. i have been overall feeling myself. but i am still having some mental things. i am still finding myself having random moments of depression. just feeling hopelessness and thinking about the things i enjoy as a waste of time. i try to just work through it and tell myself it is temporary, thinking it could be the medication adjustment. the other weird thing is since i stopped the lexapro, i have had odd sexual side effects. like decreased sensation, weaker orgasm, not lasting as long, etc. i have never had this on lexapro, only one i stopped completely. this is starting to bother me and i am thinking there is some permanent problem from 10 years of lexapro.my main thing is, what do i do now? is this still normal adjustments from coming off lexapro or an ssri in general? i am not having panic attacks or bad anxiety which is why i took it years ago in the first place. do i talk to a primary first? should i try therapy? go back on medication? or go to a psychiatrist first? the problem is i have really crap insurance that only covers psychiatry and therapy through md live and i see mixed reviews on that so i keep getting put off from trying it. also, not sure if a therapist or psyciatrist is who i should talk to about this.maybe someone out here went through something similar. i feel like i started with anxiety years ago and ended up with new problems and depression. not sure what to do next
i feel that everyone suffers worse than me and have less than i do, yet it does not change my outlook on my own life. knowing makes me feel that i am not aloud to complain as my problems are not as bad. i have been told this from my mother and it hurts because she is right and i have nothing to say for it. i am so weak in both body and mind and despite having bigger things to worry about, all i want is to be loved. to be held with a warm embrace as my tears gently fall from my face. it is not going to happen though. nobody is going to want me for myself when there are better choices than i.i am trying to make friends online, but it is very hard as people have there own groups and stop talking to me after awhile. i am scared to speak to anyone in person out of fear that someone will see me as a creep. it is how i view myself. i have been addicted to porn for so long, it is as if people can see the disgusting things i have done and watched just by looking at me. i know they cannot, but that fear creeps up from behind and silences me. i have not been masturbating as of late, but its only a matter of time before i give in to my urges, falling deeper in the rabbit hole i made. this cycle constantly stops me from being able to approach anyone at times out of fear of judgement.maybe this is coming off as whining, but i do not know where i could express my struggles and frustrations. i do not feel comfortable disclosing this to my family. i do go to therapy, but it feels as if i am learning nothing and the meds i am on are not working. i say everything i can in hopes that something that i have said will be a start to a healthy life, but nothing has shown itself as of now. i want to be strong so i can put this all behind me and finally start living the life i want. surrounding myself with friends and having a healthy relationship with someone who values me instead of trying to get something out of me.i know i have the potential to change. it is there everyday i awake and it will be there again to greet me tomorrow. i just need some motivation or energy or something someone to push me to becoming good, maybe even great. i hope that i get to see that better me before my life fades from this planet. can anyone here give me some guidance? the littlest of help will do just fine. even if you do not have any advice, i want to thank you for bothering to read all of this. reading this alone helps me feel as if someone might care for me. here is to a better tomorrow. trying to swim up a stream m 22
for the last 0ish or so year i ve spent most of my day wishing i wa never born my first suicide attempt wa when i wa in nd grade i held a giant kitchen knife to my heart and stood in my kitchen daring myself to fall over and honestly if it weren t for the pain it would ve caused my parent i wish i had nothing ha any meaning at all for me anymore and honestly never ha i m afraid all the time i feel like complete shit my anxiety ha gotten so bad i can no longer work which wa the only way i ever contributed anything i hate myself i hate myself so much if i could go back in time i would shove that knife so far into my heart without a second thought i wish i had the strength to take myself out of the picture but accomplishing anything ha never been my strong suit my wife just asked me if she could get me anything and the first thing that popped into my head wa a gun and hollow point bullet but i m too weak to even take that step i have stage kidney disease i can t work i feel like garbage all the fucking time last year i passed out and broke my face i can t stop thinking about blacking out like that again and never waking up i fantasize about it every day i m a burden to everyone around me and if it wasn t for my son and the fact that i m incapable of accomplishing simple task anymore i would totally take myself out i have friend but none that i feel like i can talk to about this i m so alone i can t do this anymore i m seeing therapist i ve gone to partial hospitalization for anxiety nothing will work though because i m totally broken and unfixable i m not worth fixing nor do i know how i haven t done anything terrible to anyone or ever hurt anyone my life is just empty and it always ha been a blackhole of worthlessness that take all the joy fun and cheer out of a room split it a part and make it completely unrecognizable i m the worst person i know personally everything just feel so hard my wife just told me today that we have a meeting with social security for disability benefit tomorrow and there wa some paperwork that needed to be handled i completely lost it for 0 minute after she told me that i couldn t stop thinking about way to kill myself before the meeting tomorrow i m so not ok and not being around anymore would definitely be better than existing a i currently am amp x 00b sorry this is a rambling mess i m really fucked up right now and i just needed to get this off my chest i m not going to actually kill myself that is waaaaay more effort than i currently have energy for
to make a better picture of my situation i am a 20 year old man. i live on my own since my 18th birthday. have not finished a real education. at the moment i am starting my second gap year. i just do not know what or who to be.i just really do not know what to do with my life at the moment. like in the past i was really an extrovert. no problem at all with communicating with people and i was just really happy. i got diagnosed with psychosis 3 years ago. i was even admitted for the psychosis for 3 weeks. after this, i had 2 years of therapy and it really went well with me eventually. i made a really nice new friend group. picked up school again. i just got happy again and tried to pick up my life again. then happened covid19. since covid started it just went downhill again. i started a gap year. because i live on my own i work full time so i can pay my rents etc. my job was working in a call center as customer service for a company with a webshop.because of covid19, everything closed, and what my normal week looked like is as followed. at the beginning of covid19, i had still lots of contact with my friend group. of course a lot less than years before because i was working full time. also because of my job i got in contact with so many people that like my social battery eventually drained out. how further they year went how lesser the contact became i had with other people. not even my friend group. because this friend group smoked weed i also started with weed. in the last year is just got addicted to it what just makes the situation for me even harder to solve. it just became so difficult for me to make contact with other people or maintain it. it also requires a lot of energy for me to have contact with people face2face. like with my job on the phone it is not a problem. but just when i am face2face i just do not know how to react or what to say. when i get home i just do not have any energy to do anything other than just game or sit behind my pc.compared to how i was i just do not recognize myself anymore. i do not know who i am. to be honest. i just really do not know how i can get to know myself again. it just really looks like i transformed from an extrovert to an introvert. can anybody by any chance relate to this in any way? does anybody have any tips or advice on what helped you to get yourself to know yourself again?ps. i am sorry for any grammar mistakes. my first language is not english. hope my writing makes some sense. can you go from an extrovert to an introvert?
below was the program my registered dietician and i worked on together. best copay i ever spent.i am on day 31 today. i was told by her that if i can go 6 months on this schedule without a cheat meal day, then my brain is rewired to like dislike new food drinks. i have not been hungry thirsty since day 3 with this schedule 9 01am 16.9 ounces of water. 310 calories. perfect bar blueberry cashew fridge . probiotic fridge .10 01am 12.18 ounces of water. 420 calories. soylent 2.0 original with 3 grams of added fiber.11 01am 12.18 ounces of water. 420 calories. soylent 2.0 original with 3 grams of added fiber.12 01pm 12.18 ounces of water. 420 calories. soylent 2.0 original with 3 grams of added fiber.1 01pm 5.633 ounces of water. 200 calories. two soylent squared bars one peanut butter and one chocolate brownie 2 01pm 12.18 ounces of water. 440 calories. soylent 2.0 original with 6 grams of added fiber.3 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.4 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.5 01pm 5.633 ounces of water. brush teeth. take medications.6 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.7 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.8 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.9 01pm 5.633 ounces of water.10 01pm 5.633 ounces of water. i have alarms for everything on my phone. 5,951.35 per year on soylent 2.0, soylent squared, perfect bar blueberry cashew , fiber, probiotic blend and aquafina water bottles which is 16.31 day. if i start to lose weight instead of maintain, i will have to eat more. but so far it is been maintaining. i wanted to share for those of us who are too depressed to cook, shop, get out of bed, etc. i should note i was looking to maintain weight at 12 body fat male with optimal nutrition taking 30 minutes total or less per day for everything shopping, from vehicle to house, cooking, washing, drying, eating, drinking, trash, etc. . i read online that the average american spends 105.8 minutes per day on these tasks. i am at about 30 minutes a day.this has worked for me so far. thought i would share. and yes, i realize aquafina water vs tap water could save a lot of money, but i wanted to easily measure ounces of water and thankfully i can afford 16.31 per day for everything nutrition combined. plus i am too depressed for anything for washing drying dishes. .i currently have no dishes to wash dry everyday which is nice. everything that is not fridge can be thrown in my backpack. so it is very convenient for storage as well. i look forward to healthier blood panel results in 152 days time. depression, but did visit registered dietician
so i already posted something about this before but it wa more of a vent this is more of a flailing desperate attempt to figure out what to do i have a jury summons tomorrow morning i m crossing my finger that somehow despite it being the weekend they might still update my status a ended so i don t have to go but i know my chance are slim to none i know myself well even if i manage to get any sleep at all tomorrow morning will be hell on earth my anxiety is gon na have a field day it s already pregaming right now given that info i wa wondering if any of you have called in sick to your jury summons because of anxiety and how that went i m willing to try going but should i find that my anxiety is just too much i d like to have some sort of a plan b it kind of scare me the idea of calling in cause idk if they d consider sickness caused by anxiety a good enough reason besides that i know some place will just have you reschedule while others might not be so easy going all this legal stuff freak me out i don t want to be held in contempt sent to jail or fined but i also would rather not have to have a mental break down in front of a bunch of people i don t really have any medication that can help other than propranolol but all that doe is slow my heart rate the last time i took it to try and help during a stressful event i still felt short of breath and really nauseous which wa honestly kind of new i ended up having to hide away from people for like an hour till i felt somewhat better even then after another hour or so i started feeling really anxious again idk what to do i know jury summons isn t really that bad most normal people just think it s boring but for me having so much wait time will just lead to me obsessing over how i m feeling i can t really distract myself that well because i ll constantly be anticipating being called up which could be within the first hour could be multiple hour or possibly not at all on top of that it s early in the morning which i have a pretty bad track record with too early morning like that usually result in me feeling nauseous which result in me not being able to eat much you can t eat in the assembly room but you can t really leave in case they have an announcement so i d have to wait if i wait too long i start to feel really shaky and weak i d say hypoglycemic but i ve been tested for that and apparently i don t have it maybe i m just in starvation mode all the time so i run out of energy nutrient fast anyways any advice is welcome
i feel like i am getting sick and tired of the lockdown. feel like i need to do something more. right now, i am waiting for an acceptance letter from a university i have been wanting to enter. at this point of increasing covid 19 cases in my country, it is getting more likely we are going to do online learning if i ever got accepted . i was thinking about getting a job but my mother will not let me. not to mention, being jobless is slowly becoming a huge problem in my country. also, the spreading covid 19 cases makes me worried about my family members who have to work outside of the home.i feel like i am wasting my life. i am going to turn 18 this august...i am getting sick of staying at home. i do not have my own room which means i do not have any privacy for me to be alone slept in my mom's room do not even.. . my mind feels like a mess. sometimes, i silently cried about it. i cannot cry out loud to avoid pulling my family's attention. i have trouble sleeping, i slept way too late and excessive sleeping during the day. just today i woke up at around 2 pm. it was horrible. i feel like slob waking up that late. when i am attempting to sleep early, i ended up passing out about 3 am sometimes 2 if i am really tired, but it usually way later am i losing interest in my usual hobbies? not that i lose interest. i am just too lazy to draw anything. my mind is blank. i tried to listen to music but i did not enjoy it as much as i usually do. i tried to read a book called midnight city but i have trouble focusing. i tried to journaling how i am feeling every day but, every i repeat the same routine. the same emotions, the same sleepless night. so much thought inside my head yet i cannot explain it. my head is a mess.my final choice to makes me forget about everything i cannot do is watching youtube. just watching something. although, sometimes i just stare at the screen not really listening to what i am watching. i feel horrible that i feel like this, i know there are people suffering worse than i do. i should feel privileged the fact that i got a roof over my head and a mother who cooks me good food. and of course, i am. no words can describe how grateful i am towards my mother. i need to reorganize my mind. but how should i do it? i tried my best to explain how i am feeling and sometimes i feel like i cannot take it anymore. i do not want this problem of mine to become worse. what should i do? how i am doing during these endless lockdowns spoiler not good at all life rant
i guess i m an acceptance . seems to be a theme hear about taking hints. a lot of these posts come in waves. basically don t choose someone who didn t choose you. if they re fine without you in their life, then never take them back when they come back. people who are ok with you not being in their lives are not worth your mental well being. in the past when i had read these, i never really understood them. i do now. as hard as it is for me to accept, because to accept it means it s real. they never cared. they left. they re gone. forever. they never coming back. they never wanted to. i m their now. it s been a long road. a painful journey. one that i ll never repeat again in my life .ever!!! it isn t over yet. and by that i mean the outcome of me. i know i will not be that same i was before i met my ex person. i don t know if i ll have that positive and exciting outlook on life anymore. i don t even know if i ll have the motivating desire to want a better in life that i had when met my ex. large part of me went silent. you could even see a large part of my died. the part of me that started to actually want to live and enjoy life.. i didn t have that part of me growing up even into my early adulthood. i listened, eagerly to her stories. i told her mine. i did whatever i could to make her dailies a little easier. to give her a reason to smile. if it was sending her dinners, a random bouquet of flowers with some chocolate and a teddy, or just telling her a joke.. mostly bad ones i tried my best to show my person i loved her. to me she was the world, my tomorrow s, my happy, my love, my life, my one but to her, i was no one special. in her own words, there was nothing special about me . she took the best parts. she got better. she had options. she chose. she didn t choose me. i was the one she chose one she had no one else to choose from. that was what i was to her. that was my value to her. i have finally excepted this. i can t lie to myself anymore. she chooses not to be in my life, and she chooses to ghost. i don t know what tomorrow will hold. but i know i don t want to see it. the pain within me only increases. they say with time things get better. for me it seems to be the opposite. i ve always been different. maybe that is my curse. i m not like the crowd. doesn t seem to be a good thing for me, more like a curse. i should ve remain secluded. i should ve remained to myself. i should ve known that no one would understand. i should ve known no one would care .
long storry short i had a rough childhood and developed depression pretty early on. i was bullied to to multiple reasons, main one being slightly facialy disfigured. when my father got sick with cancer i was 21 and started drinkin heavily. i continued that for 3 years. booze killed my pain, but i was also higly emotional about stuff. most of the folks described me as a good guy. i would literally give you clothes of my back. i even learned to fond joy in my depression and saddnes. it was all i knew. till i was put on an mild ssri. i cannot remember the name because i just did not care at that point in life. just wanted to stop the booze and pain. then i noticed i became less emotional and non emphatic. i contributed that to becoming strong because off all the shit i been trough. when my father died i menaged to cry but i mostly felt empty. i was working out and that was my only outlet, only thing i could get any good feeling from. so i decided to quit the meds cold turkey. back than i did not know that antidepressants can because withdrawls. after about a month of emotional rollercoaster , suicidal thougts and anxiety i finally melted down in front od my moms and decided i would spend a few weeks at a psyhc ward. big mistake... they put me on effexor or velafaxine and clonazepam. i am on it for the last two years and i noticed i became a totally diffrent person. i do not longer care about much to the point of being dangerously reckless. i gained a shit ton of weight and lost my personality. i also do not have any libido and desire for any kind of romance or even friendly contact. i forgot what being horny or having and erection means, but what i have is dangerous and violent thoughts. like i would like to fight with anyone, absolutely fearless. before all the meds i had social anxiety, was overthinking about how people percive me, was anxious in mans situations and was generaly weak.now i just do not care. i only have some feelings for my mom, aunt and my dog. if i saw someone got hit by a car or some other horrible acident i think it would not even trigger a emotional response in me... its pretty scarry. i tried to go off them but the withdrawls are too much. i cannot go on much longer like this. is anybod out there that understads this mess i am in or have i just became a sociopath. sorry for the long post i just need to vent out. i am a she will of what i used to be. a vent about depression and meds. anyone out there feeling like me. sorry for the long post
i have had depression for a few years. everything started when i entered high school and started getting bullied by my classmates. i had high expectations when i entered high school since i was well liked by my middle school classmates and teachers. i can even say that i was one of the kids with the highest grades there. but everything fell through when i entered high school... my classmates either did not like me or just did not talk to me. i ended up getting isolated. the teachers there were mean... most of them. there were some that saw that i was struggling so they took care of me in some way... but it was not enough. i started hating my life, hating myself, and my grades started dropping until i ended up getting the lowest grades in my class. my parents were disappointed in me... i ended up losing my friends since i would stay most days in the house and the ones that stayed are not truly good friends.the thing is last year i had to take an important exam so i could enter my preferred university, but i did not make it in. i was so depressed that i could not study the material needed so i could get in, even though at some point in my life i loved to study these subjects. depression made me unmotivated to study. before i entered high school i also loved drawing, but now i do not. all i want is to stay and do nothing forever. after i failed my entrance exam i convinced my parents to stay a year home and study for the exam next year. well... i stayed a year and did mostly nothing. the last few months i started to study a few hours each day but it was not enough. now i have the exam in a few days and still have a few chapters to study but i know i will not be able to finish them all and my depression is keeping me from studying.now i am crying daily while i stay and do mostly nothing because i am so depressed and i hate my life. i do not know if i can enter the university of my dreams. i am so depressed especially since i remember the 'me' from middle school and back then i was so motivated and found everything interesting but now i am a crying mess because i cannot even open a book and even if i study i cannot concentrate.guys, what can i do? if i will not enter i will be a failure, just a disappointment for my parents that gave their all to raise me and provide me an education. i want so bad to open that book but i cannot. i cry myself to sleep and all but i have no motivation. what can i do? i have an important exam in a few days but no motivation to study
hi everyone i am posting on here as kind of a cry for help. i do not really know what to do. for a bit of background, i am a 23 year old woman. i graduated from a very elite university, and work a job that is relevant to the field i originally wanted to go into medicine , but i no longer feel any desire to be a doctor and so my job is kind of dead end, and my employer is assuming that i will be going to medical school. i graduated with a very high gpa, but toward the end of college i became incredibly reliant on substances to help get me through because i was starting to lose motivation. doing drugs was one of the worst decisions of my life, and thankfully i do not do them anymore, but now i have no motivation to accomplish anything. i have tried going to therapy many times, but i never get the response that i want. in college, i had bad healthcare coverage, so it was difficult finding a therapist in the first place outside of school , but when i did they recommended group therapy because i did not have a dire case in their opinion. my school therapists never took me seriously and told me i was normal fine as well. i think this is just because i always had good grades, exercised and ate healthy, slept normal ly, and not to tout my own horn, l am an attractive young woman, so i think my problems are never taken seriously. when i went to the therapist off campus, she also said i was fine normal even though i told her things like my life does not feel real. during covid, my mental health just got way worse until i finally reached a breaking point a few weeks ago. things are reopening and life is resuming, but it has just made me feel more anxious about my life and future, and i just feel numb to it all. my life feels so unreal. i feel like i live in a simulation and nothing matters. nothing interests me anymore i do not date, i have friends but nothing feels fun with them, no other career path excites me. i feel like a hollow she will of woman. i have always had what i thought were mental health problems, but at least i had the ability to feel some joy and happiness. that joy is no longer there. i feel there is absolutely nothing that can take me out of this state and i am afraid if i go back to a therapist which i unsuccessfully tried after graduating as well , that they will just write me off because i can still function regularly and go on appearing to live a normal life, but how i feel is anything but normal . what should i do? 23f feeling depressed
in 0 i found out a former friend and person i used to have sex with in 0 wa posting my naked photo to a nude sharing reddit page kik and trading them with stranger on the internet we lived in two different country when i discovered this and the only thing i could do wa call email with the police in his area and inform his girlfriend at the time the police didn t really do much but they were able to track him down and tell him by phone or in person not really sure that he should delete the image he ha of me that wa all that came of it the police couldn t really even ensure he had deleted them his girlfriend broke up with him i did speak to him and he sounded sorry to have been caught he didn t seem to feel bad at all for how he made me feel ever since i have been struggling with this i feel extremely violated and stupid especially since he could still have the photo and be trading them with other people i wa only 0 and he wa when we were sharing nude and having sex and i feel like i did something that could potentially follow me forever i wa struggling hard with mental illness at the time i also had very little sleep and a stressful schedule i feel like i went into some depressive spiral and i started doing dangerous and promiscuous thing including being with him i know it s not an excuse however most day i just try not to think about what happened but some day it come so strong and i get an intense urge to do something bad to myself i am currently married to the love of my life and he wa an amazing support when i discovered my image online in 0 i know doing something bad to myself would absolutely crush him but i feel so worthless sometimes i still feel so violated i have the guy blocked on facebook but i know who his current partner is and i occasionally type in the usernames he used to share image to make sure there havent been any post since then he still seems to have a kik username active under the same name but i have no idea if he is still using it the police told me it would be hard to prosecute for something like this so telling me that i should try to get legal help is useless i obviously can t tell most people about this only my husband know so thank you for listening it s been year now since this all happened and i still occasionally feel extremely suicidal over it i don t know what to do to stop this i struggle with depression and anxiety on top of this but i usually don t feel suicidal unless this come up thanks for listening
i thought moving to a new continent would be a fresh start. i finally took this loan to do masters in my favourite course from an elite institute. just started forming new friends and relationships then corona happened. i would moved to a whole new place so i had nothing and no one to hang on to. the only person i would stick with was someone familiar from back home who stayed in this new city. he left this country too and now i have no one. literally no one. i have tried numerous ways to make friends and i have no idea how to. i am only 24 but i live the life of a 40y o single woman without cats in a sad little place i got because rent is ridiculous. i am only 24 and i have done nothing worth have memories. i do not even remember the last time i was happy.no i cannot go to therapy, i do not have that kind of money. i barely make enough to pay my rent and bills that i would pay rest of it to someone who makes money out of mental illness. do not get me wrong. i know many good psychologists but there are also really bad onesi do not think talking about this alone helps. i am doing it right now and maybe it will feel momentarily good but just for now. then it is back here. so what is the point. idk if i am such a bad friend, i am so intensely loyal and would hide a body for someone. i would stick until the end and create zero drama and still cannot get one friend to stay?i know it is a new place and that these things take time but how long and why is it this hard? everyone seems to be part of some clique or the other. idk why it is just me here alone isolated idt if i stopped existing if anyone will notice. two months ago i went off social media because i spent too much time on it. when you leave social media you will realize how little people think about you on a regular. literally how many people will care enough to notice. i do not want to live and i do not want to die. i just want to stop existing if that was possible. i barely even take care of myself anymore. what is the point? i am not happy and i am so awfully alone. i love being independent but not all the time. it is been over a year since i have been so fucking alone. i do not even remember what it is like to have normal human interactions. i try so hard to make friends that it is almost embarrassingi have no idea what to do anymore. i wish i would just stop existing forever. people that love me will feel pain and then move on. just like the world does and should just want to stop
8th grade name calling and paper throwing first 2 months physical abuse rest of year 9th grade the same shit i tried to man up and beat some of the guys up, but the whole class jumped me. even when i tried to defend myself, i was beaten up. no one liked my isolation, i did not know what i did wrong was it my looks, was it my attitude, was it the way i spoke, what was it? most of my questions 10th grade first friend 'l', second friend 's', third friend 'sh'... do not remember the other 2they were nice, they treated me as a friend, but deep down i knew they were going to find something to hurt me, i knew it! they did not. every conversation changed me, i was happier.i met my first love . i fall in love easily, and all girls were somewhat nice, but she... she was not perfect! for the first time, i liked a girl that did not look great! she was... she was not ordinary! i felt like i was talking to someone who was real, someone who i thought was perfect, my other half, the one who i cannot be...after getting to know her for a while... did i start to slowly feel that maybe now was the time to ask her out? no, i stopped. for a while, i stopped... for a full year, i tried to get to know her, but i could not! dammit!i got to know her through texts, and... and i found out who she was, the resonance i felt, it was not just surface level, she had her own issues too, and i felt like i could relate to heri asked her out and then! and then i fucking failed! hahaha, i got so angry, wow. i insulted her so fucking badly, i thought i was the definition of insult... i... i do not know if it was depression or my stupidity at the time... it... it felt right! i started loving destruction!expectations? destroy them!families? destroy them!i became destructive, i loved destruction! no joke, i really really really hated people for no good reason! i do not know what is wrong with me! because of lost love, my mind broke. i am decaying slowly! every time i recover, i decay again, thinking thinking... i failed, i failed, i failed, all the fucking time, no matter what i do fial. athere's nothing i can do fuck all i can do.and worst of all, i do not know what is wrong amp x200b i used to love manhua, manga, and manhwa, but now i hate them because of petty reasons.i used to love music but dropped it for petty reasons.i used to love my family, but now i hate them, they are holding me back from my suicide! fucking shitheads i need help trying to understand my mental state
f18. i do not know how long this is been going on for because i do not reminder but its getting hard to do things again.my parents left the house for me for three or so weeks and i took care of the house for a really long time and now its just not getting picked up again its not nasty, moldy, bugs or anything but it should be cleaner than this. its mainly just dishes not being put up from the dishwasher the laundry is not done the beds are not made up, etc.i used to be taking showers every day right now its almost every other day again or just days with my boyfriend and i hang out or he comes over here. i ran a full tub of water for a bath and i almost got in but at the last minute i decided to put clothes back on and just go in bed and drain the tub out and we have a huge tub because its in the master bedroom and it was a waste of water and it makes me feel bad.i have not really gone out and done anything recently. i went shopping a while ago with my boyfriend and then within these past few days we went to the gym one time but i only walked on the treadmill for about less than a mile and i did some weights it was a lot less than i used to do. then later that night he picked me up again and we got gas in town and i did not even get to get dressed i just left with what i had on which ones just a shirt, nike shorts, and slip on shoes not even a bra even though i always put them on.i have not really been eating when i normal ly should i would eat a long time after i woke up and then not again until around midnight. i have been sleeping a lot mostly in an accident and its to the point where my boyfriend has been saying are you sure you are not having narcolepsy but i know i do not its just tiredness.my boyfriend and i have plans to go out next friday and i am having a hard time getting motivated for that even though it will seem like a fun time and we also have to move in together at the same day same time and were planning to stay the night and burn around the city for two days to get used to it and i am having a hard time getting motivated for her to even though it sounds like fun with him.i am going to college in less than a month and i already made a post about how i feel like i do not fit in and the comments are really kind and considerate really make me feel any different besides a tad bit i am glad other people feel the same as me somewhat. i cannot even explain why i do not fit in. its beginning to be hard to find motivation again
f18. i do not know how long this is been going on for because i do not reminder but its getting hard to do things again.my parents left the house for me for three or so weeks and i took care of the house for a really long time and now its just not getting picked up again its not nasty, moldy, bugs or anything but it should be cleaner than this. its mainly just dishes not being put up from the dishwasher the laundry is not done the beds are not made up, etc.i used to be taking showers every day right now its almost every other day again or just days with my boyfriend and i hang out or he comes over here. i ran a full tub of water for a bath and i almost got in but at the last minute i decided to put clothes back on and just go in bed and drain the tub out and we have a huge tub because its in the master bedroom and it was a waste of water and it makes me feel bad.i have not really gone out and done anything recently. i went shopping a while ago with my boyfriend and then within these past few days we went to the gym one time but i only walked on the treadmill for about less than a mile and i did some weights it was a lot less than i used to do. then later that night he picked me up again and we got gas in town and i did not even get to get dressed i just left with what i had on which ones just a shirt, nike shorts, and slip on shoes not even a bra even though i always put them on.i have not really been eating when i normally should i would eat a long time after i woke up and then not again until around midnight. i have been sleeping a lot mostly in an accident and its to the point where my boyfriend has been saying are you sure you are not having narcolepsy but i know i do not its just tiredness.my boyfriend and i have plans to go out next friday and i am having a hard time getting motivated for that even though it will seem like a fun time and we also have to move in together at the same day same time and were planning to stay the night and burn around the city for two days to get used to it and i am having a hard time getting motivated for her to even though it sounds like fun with him.i am going to college in less than a month and i already made a post about how i feel like i do not fit in and the comments are really kind and considerate really make me feel any different besides a tad bit i am glad other people feel the same as me somewhat. i cannot even explain why i do not fit in. its beginning to be hard to find motivation again
since i began seeing a therapist 5 months ago i have realised the thought of being happy genuinely terrifies me, and i do not even really know why. i think its probably caused by multiple things. if i had to guess, i think i just do not feel like i deserve to be happy. i have hated myself for so long that maybe i have found comfort in my misery, like its my punishment or something. and in a related way, i think i am scared of my happiness being selfish. having been miserable for so long, i think id feel like a selfish asshole if i suddenly got over my issues and starting liking life when i know there is countless people in the world still feeling how i did. and furthermore, its only in the last while have i really begun to take my problems seriously and have been trying to be more sympathetic to myself, but even now with all the shit i am going through its like i can still barely take care of myself. and its like i am afraid of losing the various anxiety issues and what not that make me miserable, because if i lose only them and not my self hating mindset, ill have even less reason to sympathise with myself. ill be some privileged selfish asshole and be even harder on myself than i have ever been.lastly, i think i am just afraid of the thought of living in general. death just seems soo simple and peaceful, and i think i have become fixated on the idea of dying. having been miserable for so many years i think the idea of any more life terrifies me. because even if i did make an amazing recovery, ill still get new problems, which could be just as bad or worse, and i could also relapse and redevelop all my anxiety and insecurity issues. in fact i have before, in 2018 i made huge strides and then in 2019 it all turned to shit again. and a lot of it was because i had one panic attack in front of an entire class in school, in front of most of the new friends id made in 2018 who did not know i was an insecure, anxiety ridden loser with no friends before i met them. it pretty much shattered any progress i had made, and thereafter i had multiple panic attacks in school, making it even worse.those are my interpretations anyway. whenever i feel like i am making any progress on myself it sends waves of panic through me. i hate it so much, and i wish to fuck i knew what was causing it, because these are all good guesses but i still do not know if that is all there is to it. i am genuinely terrified of being happy and i do not even really know why
i literally ruined my life with my own insecurities. i was in school for criminal justice, a golden ticket to becoming a law enforcement officer essentially, got into a relationship and things got hazy because of my bullshit. shortly after our two year mark and living together, i got physically abusive towards her, to the point where i was arrested and charged accordingly. stripping me of my education, and any plan i had for my future. thinking my life was so planned out and that nothing would go wrong. i learned so much about myself and completed my programming which opened me up to so much more in what i see wrong with myself. i am still together with my partner to this day after this, and i want to move on, but society refuses to let me. my last job i had, i was treated harshly, forced to work 80 hours to cover shifts or be fired because i am a felon and will not find anything else. i know i am better than that, so i left that job. but its so true. i have not found anything since. job sites for felons, all these places that i am over qualified for based on my education and work history, but because i am a felon, i am not a good fit. its been almost 4 years and the entirety of it feels like just yesterday with no end or hope in sight. suicide sounds like such a right answer, but i know that i cannot leave my loved ones let alone my son. i have no friends anymore because they think they have my case figured out and because i am still in a relationship with her, comments of you will be alright bro or you will figure it out. my counselor says the same things to me that people with records figure it out and become something, but almost everything feels like i am just settling for less because i know i have so much potential and am overly intelligent, but at the same time, i know i wasted 90 of it with my actions. i am sure ill look back on this and say to myself it just took time, but i feel like i will not ever make it there and stay forever trapped in this limbo that i have been in for the last 4 years. i cannot even have a conversation anymore with my partner because of the burden i feel like i am placing when i hurt her too. i know she forgives me and were over it, but i just feel so alone and trapped. nothing helps, jobs continue to deny on my conviction, i am in a new degree but even then i am not guaranteed to be able to use it because of my record. hating myself does not even summarize this feeling will it ever get better?
my husband and i m got married about 2 years ago, and were very happy together. we were in fairly dark mental and career states when we met through work, but found happiness in each other and have both left that work place. i am now in a successful place in a new career in a new city and i enjoy all of those things work, success, place, family. but my husband just got a new seasonal job at the place we used to both work. and so he lives with some of our best friends in that town, which is about a 4 hour drive away. hes loving every minute new duties, new coworkers, amazing boss, and he loves the place he is. and i am so damn happy for him. it really fills my heart to talk to him on the phone and visit him. to see him so thrilled to be doing what hes doing is such an amazing gift to us both. but that means i have been living alone for about 8 weeks now since he left. he comes to visit every few weekends, and i have found that is the only time i have enough energy to even put plates in the empty dishwasher, or put wrappers in the trash, or empty the overflowing recycling, or pick up the dog shit in the yard. its the only time i can must the strength to vacuum, wipe down counters, do laundry, etc. i do not have many friends in this new city. most of them are back at our old work where my husband is. i like my coworkers but i am far younger than all of them and do not necessarily see eye to eye on everything. so i spend all my time alone. i have not walked the dog in weeks, we just play in the back yard. the house is extremely messy by our standards. its a depression pit. but hes coming home this week for a few days. and so i am picking up the place because i suddenly have the energy to hide my shameful mess and make the space welcoming for him. the kitchen is clean, the yard is picked up, the sheets are fresh, the trash is empty, and it feels so good and clean. why cannot i just do this for myself? why cannot i get enough energy to do the little things every night to keep the house like this? instead, when i know i should do these housekeeping chores, i get mad at myself for not having the energy to do it, which makes me just want to hide from the world. i go crawl into bed and watch crappy youtube videos instead. how do you get the energy to take care of yourself? i just realized how little i value myself. ill bend over backwards for everyone else to make them happy, but i cannot even gather energy to toss garbage if i am alone.
i m f i ve been bullied throughout my entire school career i wa always the gifted kid until i wa about and started to feel the burn out but i persisted with the gifted class and now i m absolutely burnt out i wa always the friend that everyone went to when they needed something but nobody wa ever available when i needed help i ve always lived for others and never lived for myself and i m tired of it i don t even know what i want in life anymore i m always shut down for my idea i wa molested by a family member for year from the age 0 and since then have been raped time each a separate occasion and person i ve made multiple attempt on my life in the past and used to self harm i ve been clean for a little over a year but the urge are so strong my most recent attempt wa in august 0 and wa an overdose on metoprolol it wa about am and i wa otp with a friend and told him that i wanted to die he told me if you re at peace with that decision then you do what you think is best for you i however don t think that you should do it but i know i can t stop you and i proceeded to down bottle of metoprolol i waited about minute until i could finally feel everything shutting down and woke my younger brother up and told him what i did he called 9 and woke my parent and younger sister up my younger brother watched a the paramedic put me in the ambulance and had to watch me flatline a they were flooding my body with med to keep me awake i got to the hospital and my mom didn t even bother to show up for another hour she stayed with me for a while before she had to go to work and then my dad who abused me my entire life stayed with me and did nothing but complain about me and say that i wa nothing but a coward who wanted to take the easy way out my dad got into it with hospital staff bc he had to leave and nobody could stay with me so i had to leave against medical advice one of my older brother made the hour drive in hour to come down and make sure that i wa safe after my younger brother called him and told him what happened i wa put into a outpatient program afterwards and it helped a lot for a while but after about a month of being out of it i wanted to die again since then i lost one of my older brother and it s been difficult to deal with that and my own problem internally i ve never wanted to kill myself more than i do now i have a plan and everything i wa aiming for my th bday but that s too far from now i just want to give up i m exhausted
only high iq gifted people get support i have pitifully low inteligence and iq. i'm ostracized from people outside of internet, as i never got friends since kindergarten and it's mostly due to having lowiq. lt this message took me 5 min to write, it's simple, but to me it takes longer to think choose words understand what i wrote think what i want to write. i struggle with major depressive disorder, i dont discard others depression but by the look on social media, it seems everyone else at my age has gotten a snippet of how it feels to be a complete failiure, they still maintain to have proper hygiene as they should by time when elders taught them or self cleaning was their interests after stressful depressing night, it seems that i'm fallen out of that area to be able to take care for myself. as i mentioned i have low iq so job college is out of option, cooking for myself is out of option, i'm soon gonna have abscess tooth cuz of large sugar intake, sugary drinks juices, 4 to 5 cups of cofeee per day with 2 table spoon sugar intake. i've seen people who claim to have crippling level of depression while having well astounding life long achievements that didnt impact their regular life style such as washing themselfs brushing teeth wearing clean clothes, cleaning rook every kow and then, having friendships, having not lesser healthier life styles than me while going through their self proclaimed worse period of life . when i show how fucked up i live how fucked up i'm gonna be in few years, nothing will yet better i cannot treat my depression, cannot afford therapy while they discuss which therapist will suit better for their problems after many failed connections and attemptsconnecting with the right therapist all of those so happen to be highly inteligent people. low iq people dont matter, they will be thrown in special education classes later to be forgotten unlike gifted who get support from teachers from their parents, from therapist they get to have friends who are relatable to their own level of inteligence while i was in special education, my gifted brother was getting free cookies, trips, skipping classes, more sleep. i had to be in the same cafeteria as him my cousin was there so my familiy and relatives knew the whole ordeal of lonely me eating by myself while brother and cousins had friends to speak to. even if i had companion to be with, i wouldnt have anything to say cuz i'm dumb as fuck, i have no mental map,
hello, i am seeking advice for my depression addiction. growing up, i was bullied until the end of high school and my strict religious parents created a very stressful and traumatic upbringing at home. i have always had an unshakeable feeling of low self worth and i always feel like nobody likes me. i always have to go above and beyond for people to like me but others seemingly do nothing and have people adore them. in addition, i have an over obsessive addiction to things that stimulate me. it ranges from food, movies tv, theme parks, etc no alcohol or drug addictions . really, just anything that prevents me from sitting with myself and my thoughts. literally, i cannot do anything without simultaneously eating a snack, or listening to music or a podcast or something to stimulate me and make me feel happy. i am addicted to this self induced false sense of happiness because its the only time i really ever feel happy. over the years, i have made excuses goals to help me with my depression and low self esteem. first, i blamed it on my weight, then my lack of education, then my finances, then being single and alone, etc. present day, i have my own place, i got fit, completed multiple degrees, have a great paying career, i am in a 6 year committed relationship, and i have even mended my strained relationship with my family. honestly, i have a great life and i have run out of excuses. however, my self worth is as low as ever and i still feel like people do not like me or think the ones that do, will leave me the second i do something wrong or upset them . i have been seeing a therapist for 2 years and it has helped me to better understand the root of my behaviors but no luck finding a solution. i am continuously told to try positive affirmations but no matter how much i repeat to myself you are smart, you are worthy,etc, or how many lists i write with my positive traits, nothing changes. i am not suicidal or anything like that, and when i reflect, like i stated earlier, i am aware i have a great life but the thought of living the rest of my life and never being truly happy or loving myself is so scary and i do not know what to do.anyone in a similar situation or have advice? thank youps i have never taken meds. i always avoided medication and thought of it as my last resort but i am starting to consider them. any advice or personal experience stories about meds would be greatly appreciated depression, low self esteem, help!
first off ive dealt with it my entire life since i wa ab 9 yr old im very familiar with the feeling of anxiety and i ve experienced it in alot of form i wa in a relationship for year where i experienced the absolute worst of it but i am not in that relationship anymore i am a full time student again and im living life on my own accord now with my whole life ahead of me and i can do anything i want now im so glad to be where im at and i cant wait for what the future hold i have no worry in the world anymore anyways here i am watching better call saul relaxing in my bed super comfortable in my mushroom blanket that i love so much and i just gradually out of nowhere start to feel my chest get tight tight to the point where i want to poke a hole in my chest just to relieve the pressure obviously im not gon na do that but you get the idea im not panicking about anything while this is happening i mean when i feel my chest tighten then im like okay wtf is going on but before that nothing im a relaxed a can be ready to go to sleep to wake up to next day ahead of me and so i do some breathing exercise to try to relieve this chest tightness and i do feel really relaxed from doing them but that chest tightness is still there and again im not panicking of anything like i would from my traditional anxiety attack is this a new form of anxiety where my body is just like you know what youre trying to go to sleep so im gon na make it hard to breathe for no reason bc you are finally happy in life with no worry so ill give you something to worry ab i read ab people having panic attack out of nowhere and sometimes fainting even but that ha never happened to me my anxiety attack always stemmed from something regardless of how silly or insignificant it wa the anxiety would always come from something like it wouldn t just spontaneously erupt into an attack so is this just a new form of anxiety im dealing with right now is there anything i can do breathing and relaxing exercise only make me calm mentally and really relax me but the uncomfortableness of my chest just being tight is preventing me from going to sleep so i dont really know what to do if this is in fact just anxiety what do you all think is this just an anxiety attack or are there other issue i should get checked out any response is appreciated tl dr random chest tightness wont go away even with a calm and relaxed state of mind wondering if this is anxiety just attacking my body
i have only ever tried to off myself once and that was 6 months ago. now i am feeling worse than i did back then. i want to die. i hate myself and i just hate living. i have to constantly be worrying if i am going to have a sudden mood swing and do something stupid that i will not be alive to regret later. i do not care about how selfish it is, they all find it as some sort of fucking joke even after having to rush me to the hospital themselves. whenever i think about pills i want to throw up, but lately, that has not been happening. the moment i am comfortable enough to take pills without immediately throwing up i am going to do it. i do not even care if i do not die. i honestly liked the feeling of being high off pills, and if i die? that is just the extra benefit. i do not see why i need to try stopping myself. what is there to live for? i hate people, i am an asshole so i do not care what they think of it. my life is fine, but i hate being alive and having to go through this. even if i was not depressed i still do not see the reason why i would want to live. when i tried to off myself my parents both thought it was because i have a low self esteem i am not even overweight why would i kill myself just bc i do not like how i look?? but neither of them even took into consideration that it might be their faults. my dad used to beat the shit out of me before he got cancer 2 years ago, and my mom would just get drunk and leave me and my brothers standing outside for 2 hours waiting for her to pick us up just to find out she was not coming. everyone on my mom's side of the family is an alcoholic, so i am pretty much fucking destined to become one too. there are so many things i have to worry about in the future so why do i need to fucking wait longer? 90 of the people i talk to just tell me to see a therapist. what the fuck is talking going to do to solve my problems?? i am sleep deprived, i am eating like 700 calories a day, i do not remember the last time i actually took care of myself. i should just down some energy drinks and go for a run, give myself a damn heart attack. i should stay awake for as many days straight as possible and give myself really bad dark circles, then my parents cannot say they did not know i was not doing good. but no, i will probably just start ignoring my depression again after it calms down enough, and eventually i will break and end up dead. what a fun life i am living. what is the point
so i have been feeling this way for, well ages. after a few life changing moments a few years ago i suddenly actually want to stay. a few things kind of magically fell into place for me which made life not seem so bad. do not get me wrong. i absolutely still have those heavy dark days that feel like it will never pass. i am fighting my best fight but i have recently noticed i am slipping back into old habits. for example, i have that nagging feeling that i am just not good enough unless i work myself to the bone, even picking up a second job in the process, and if i do not then i am worthless and not worthy of love. i have resorted to needing sleep aids to have a regular sleep schedule just to be able to keep myself functioning to work 12 hour days 6 days a week. a lot to unpack there but i am kind of ignoring it for now. today was an ok day, but a coworker who came in for shift change complained loudly and angrily to another coworker near me about how poorly closing was the night before. small things like securing lids on produce and closing bread bags were missed. i closed last night and of course it was a bad night for me where everything is a blur and my memory is shot so then i began to list off in my head what i did and what i must have forgotten. i became even more upset upon hearing them complain about seeing me and other closers off the clock relaxing at the bar i work at a tavern and how no one should have clocked out without a proper walk through. it just so happened to be my birthday which my coworkers found out about and i stayed for a single drink out of feeling obligated to celebrate and i never stay after for a drink because i feel so uncomfortable in social situations. i was close to tears as i hurried to finish up and clock out this afternoon. am i taking his outburst as validation for how awful i already feel about myself or was my reaction appropriate? me forgetting something at closing when i am normal ly very diligent about completing tasks correctly is horrifying for me and now i never want to clock out early again even though my manager let me leave early last night. i just need a little help navigating this situation and how to handle it when my boss confronts me about it next time i clock in, which they definitely will because the complaining coworker has lead to confrontations with my boss in the past. i want to never have to clock in again. i am terrified. need help navigating uncertainty
so, i have struggled with major depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety, bpd, and i strongly believe adhd it runs in the family and i have a lot of symptoms but i am not a doctor of course for a long time now. i have done everything from therapy twice a week to countless medications. i quit my job a month ago because things hit a real low for myself and for this entire month, i have not really gotten out of bed for much. i joined this forum a couple days ago, and reading everyone is stories has been absolutely heartbreaking. it made me really feel like shit because here i am struggling to get off my ass and get out of bed, when people have it so much worse than me. when things were going really well for me, i decided to go to college and pursue a dream of mine. so i am signed up to start in the fall. slowly but surely these past few days i have been kicking myself to get out of bed and take the steps to get better, because i have dreams, and i do not want to miss out on an amazing life because i am mentally ill. i want to document my progress because i want to be able to look back and be like it really did get better. this forum has really lit a fire under me, because i am so enraged at how depression and anxiety and all these mental illnesses get to come in and ruin peoples lives. no one deserves this. so here is my question if i were to start a youtube channel and upload my progress and what helps me and show my ups and downs and bumps in the road, would that help people? because if i could touch or motivate just one soul, or be the one reason to try for someone, i would put everything out there. i think mental health is so hushed and it should not be. its such a big problem and we need to talk about it and be aware of it. obviously i am not a professional, but that is why maybe it would help? if people saw how badly i was struggling but i was still able to kick depressions ass? idk. its just a thought. and i know its risky to share that stuff with the public, but i just want to help people, ya know? because people have it so much worse than i ever imagined. and so many people feel alone and i do not want them to. please be kind to me. i am just honestly asking. if people do not think its a good idea or if they can point out reasons that i cannot see for why its bad, then obviously ill have my answer do not do it. all i want is to help other people while helping myself if i can. please be kind!! i have a question..
i am just going to leave this here because it will be too long a read for most, but to those that do read it thank you for listening.my family has always had a difficult time in life, my father died when i was young, leaving my mother a widow with two young children. she worked two labour jobs to keep us fed and pay bills, as we got older we helped as much as could financially. ill skip every detail, but a few years ago my sibling had made some poor decisions and it literally bankrupted my family. we lost everything, we were living in motels hotels, i have even slept on floors of my friends, i have starved on occasions and its been tolling on my family. as a disclaimer we are a family of three, we do not have family or relatives to help us out, we had no friends because nasty rumours had circulated about my family. in no way do i blame them for making the mistake, i accept my situation, but recently its been too much for everyone.then it happened the strongest woman i had ever known broke down, i have seen her cry on occasion due to my sibling and i arguing and it makes my mother feel like a failure on top of all that is going on, but today was like no other. i had always been depressed and when the times got too hard for us, i am so ashamed of myself, but i actually suggested that we take our own lives. i know its shocking and unfathomable, but we were all we had and i could not see the pain and suffering any longer. they said no obviously, but today my mom said she was ready to go because she does not have the will and spirit to keep fighting. to what she said we obviously denied her and told her it would be ok, but it took a lot out of me to hear where she is mentally. were not suicidal, just tired of the situation because if you can imagine the worst case scenario, this is what it is. we have barely any money, no credit, no car, and currently in a bad housing situation that could end with us being evicted at any moment home of my mothers half brother and his toxic wife . the backstory to that is that he had a heart attack and no one to care for him, we were asked to look after him, his wife wanted him dead so were at odds over that. our current financial situation does not allow us to move, no credit to top it off. we pay for food for the whole household, another 4 people on the weekend, gas for the car you name it. oh how i wish i could tell the whole story, its incredibly sad. the saddest thing happened today
felt that way since middle and high school classmates started seeing my early stages of depression as seeking attention while being rejected by crushes often and bullied since fourth grade and abused by my dad and neglected by my mom because she is powerless to stop the abuse because she is a victim herself. with that being said fast forward to today.now i am in 25k of credit card debt living in regret. suicidally depressed and still getting rejected online and dealing with friends who are in relationships and make no effort to spend time with me when i need it when i break down mentally. dealing with an abusive older brother and relatives who are oblivious to the abuse and do not know about my debt and severity of my depression not that they would care.i feel like i cannot trust nobody. i have nobody to talk to when i am lonely. nobody fucking wants me, nobody cares about me because otherwise i would not feel lonely and the need to make these posts that nobody will read on this cruel fucking website full of toxic assholes who do not even care about anything that is not riddled with upvotes. working jobs that do not make enough to cover daily expenses and even constant family drama involving me, my depression, diabetes and my lack of exercise due to excess sleep due to a culmination of the three illnesses making me want to sleep and never wake up.i want sweet release, i want to escape and since it is so fucking easy for everyone else to get into a relationship and get married and shit. fucking hell even abusive and neglectful women i have met who treated me like shit get away with it and go on to live happy lives. so fuck it. i am not going to care anymore. everyone always seems to lie to me about how everything is going to be okay while i am here still suffering even after taking lexapro on the daily making me impotent and doing nothing to help with my sleep deprivation. this world sucks and something has to be done about it.i hate living here and i wish i never should have been born. because then i would not be abused, neglected, touch starved, emotionally drained and lacking basic human needs like love. people say everyone deserves love right? so why is it so fucking hard to get it? people are just cruel. that is why i will never care or empathize again because if life taught me anything it is that cruelty and apathy pays the big bucks in this depraved world. depression taught me i cannot trust people anymore
we cannot compare the amount of pain that we experience. everybody faces hardships and struggles to make it day by day. we have different views and opinions and some people that are so hated are likely misunderstood. the light of jesus is where we go to seek help and have a feeling of comfort. we are to love each other and have a minimum of a mutual understanding of each other. this is what i grew up to believe and i realize that it is a lie. people try to make it a competition and it does not matter what values you uphold or how pure your heart is. people want to see destruction and observe it like a movie while they snack on their popcorn. if you do not have even a nickel in your pocket, you are not worth a second of thought. but if you have even five dollars in your pocket, people will craft a new mask to put on their face in order to get close to you to reach into that back pocket of yours to take what little you have and insert a knife into your back. not everybody has something wrong going in their life but rather had too much good in their life to understand how true human emotions work. they can go and stomp on your heart, shove all their riches and mental stability in your face, and make you grovel in pain until your will to live is thinner than a spider's web. people will fight to show you that they are right and that everything should revolve around their mindset and make us into mindless symbiotes to be bent and manipulated under their will. that is why we have politicians bending the truth and blinding us from the truth that we can no longer see under the pile of garbage they piled onto the world and presidents and rulers who make decisions that affect millions and make the big shot calls that could devastate many. religion is the one thing in history that has lead to conflict and disputes on the origins of life and what awaits us after we die. we cannot comprehend everything in the world let alone the ever expanding universe. so why create a truth? simply to just make us feel better with death and blot out the fear of the unknown. people are absolutely disgusting, violent, manipulative creatures who think they are superior to each other and find it necessary to better themselves through the destruction and torture of others. to all of that, i raise my middle finger to and hope the day comes when complete extinction of the human race comes upon us. our hearts are made of glass and minds of clay
i am 25 years old and i have never had a girlfriend, had sex, ben on a date, kissed, held hands, been touched by, been asked out, etc. i graduated college last may. at my on campus job i became friends with a girl who i eventually fell head over heels in love with.i have been in love with her since 2018. was rejected and ghosted in 2020. she texted me last year to say hi, i answered and she never answered me back. i cry constantly and have been grieving every day for 3 years.the pain from never being able to be with her has made me suicidal and i have already attempted but failed to hang myself a few times. its something i have to cope with every day. its a sickness that never goes away. its a pain that is not just emotional but physical. again, i have been dealing with this every single day since fall of 2018.something this is rooted in is my crush wrote poetry a lot and i bought a copy of a collection she published while we were still friends in 2019. in the collection tehre was a poem about her losing her virginity. reading that absolutely destroyed me. it kept me awake for days. i could not stand the thought of someone else having sex with someone i loved so dearly and longed to care for so much. one day, she confided in me that her recent ex had been physically abusing her. more pain. id fantasize about having sex with her but it would not help. i just imagined what it would be like if she actually loved me back and was attracted to me.its getting to the point where everything related to having sex and relationships in general is painful to me. i even am starting to experience sexual dysfunction i do not get aroused as easily amd i can no longer watch pornography because it upsets me to see people being intimate because it makes me jealous and depressed that the is something i have never experienced before. i hear people talk about their gfs and wives and i get extremely sad.i found out my 20 year old sister lost her virginity months ago and when i did i cried for days. i felt indescribably disgusting and pathetic. i am 25. i should have lost my virginity first. i should have a gf or wife by now. everything related to sex and relationships makes me violently depressed. it ruins my day.i am so fucking sick of feeling like this. every time i hear about sex i just think yep, another person experiencing what ill never get to experience. everything and anything related to sex makes me want to kill myself.
hi i just made my reddit account and i am wondering if anyone can relate to what i am experiencing.i am a 24 year old male and am a glasses contact lens wearer who has worn contacts since middle school with no issues.due to anxiety depression possible adhd i have been on and off various medications for the last 5 10 years. however the majority of that time i have been on no meds at all due to adverse side effects.about 3 years ago when i was trying lexipro i began to have weird vision side effects. at first people tried to assure me it was just my anxiety. after a few weeks on the medication though it became clear to me it was not just in my head. i was experiencing intense light sensitivity and glowing halo effects around lights that were bad enough to make me scared to drive at night. it was affecting my ability to work and have normal interactions with others. thankfully our family friend is an ophthalmologist and was able to see me a number of times. my eyes looked normal aside from dryness and my prescription did not seem to have changed. i discontinued taking the lexipro but continued to experience the vision problems for at least a few weeks but finally they subsided. mental health professionals have told me this does not make sense and that side effects should have subsided almost immediately after discontinuing use but i know for a fact it was the lexipro.i had no vision problems after that until very recently, right after i began taking antidepressants again.first i tried prozac and then venlafaxine, each for about 2 weeks i pretty much immediately noticed vision side effects which is why i jumped ship after a couple weeks . this time however it was more blurred vision and lack of clarity rather than light sensitivity. i am currently taking anafranil and am still experiencing blurred vision and lack of clarity. its bad enough to make reading very difficult and has made it extremely hard to concentrate. i have seen my ophthalmologist but things again seem normal expect for dryness. i am committed to trying the anafranil for at least 2 months in hopes that it helps my depression and anxiety but am getting discouraged.it seems i am clearly very susceptible to vision side effects from antidepressants. has anyone else had similar experiences? i feel i need to be on an antidepressant but cannot take these side effects much longer. i am at a loss of what to do. antidepressants and vision side effects
hi i just made my reddit account and i am wondering if anyone can relate to what i am experiencing.i am a 24 year old male and am a glasses contact lens wearer who has worn contacts since middle school with no issues.due to anxiety depression possible adhd i have been on and off various medications for the last 5 10 years. however the majority of that time i have been on no meds at all due to adverse side effects.about 3 years ago when i was trying lexipro i began to have weird vision side effects. at first people tried to assure me it was just my anxiety. after a few weeks on the medication though it became clear to me it was not just in my head. i was experiencing intense light sensitivity and glowing halo effects around lights that were bad enough to make me scared to drive at night. it was affecting my ability to work and have normal interactions with others. thankfully our family friend is an ophthalmologist and was able to see me a number of times. my eyes looked normal aside from dryness and my prescription did not seem to have changed. i discontinued taking the lexipro but continued to experience the vision problems for at least a few weeks but finally they subsided. mental health professionals have told me this does not make sense and that side effects should have subsided almost immediately after discontinuing use but i know for a fact it was the lexipro.i had no vision problems after that until very recently, right after i began taking antidepressants again.first i tried prozac and then venlafaxine, each for about 2 weeks i pretty much immediately noticed vision side effects which is why i jumped ship after a couple weeks . this time however it was more blurred vision and lack of clarity rather than light sensitivity. i am currently taking anafranil and am still experiencing blurred vision and lack of clarity. its bad enough to make reading very difficult and has made it extremely hard to concentrate. i have seen my ophthalmologist but things again seem normal expect for dryness. i am committed to trying the anafranil for at least 2 months in hopes that it helps my depression and anxiety but am getting discouraged.it seems i am clearly very susceptible to vision side effects from antidepressants. has anyone else had similar experiences? i feel i need to be on an antidepressant but cannot take these side effects much longer. i am at a loss of what to do. antidepressants and vision side effects
i don't care about anything anymore i just don't understand why my brain is like this. i want to be happy i think i do at least. i just i've never experienced happiness in any normal way. i haven't eaten in let's see... about 5 days, oh it's 1am so yeah 5 days. i've got snacks, protein powder, easy meals, whatever, i just don't have any appetite anymore. i don't have the willpower to force myself to do anything now let alone feed myself, i mean i've literally made awesome dinners for my family so many times, just to not eat any myself. and i have always had these moments of pure self hatred where i don't feel anything aside from depression, honestly for as long as i can remember. i was born like this. and it's progressively been happening more and more often, and it tends to get more severe each time. now i have reached a point where the depression doesn't even bother me anymore i don't have the urge to fight off the negativity it all feels normal, like i'm meant to feel this way regardless of what i do. my anxiety often fights off the urges to di, fear of nothing happening after death, the question of is it better to be alive and suffer or die and be nothing, you know the usual.. however in these moments, in this moment i suppose, i am completely zombified, i just lay in my bed trying my best to sleep my problems and my life away as much as possible, though i'm usually awake for hours all night on my phone trying to distract myself from the demons in my brain. i just really let myself diminish into a pit of self hatred and past mistakes. i'm covered by state insurance and i have seen professionals, i'm aware of my mental issues and im medicated, on paroxetine 40mg, and lamotrigine 100mg. but the process is never as simple as call and make an appointment . it's hard to work up the strength to care enough to call. and then when you get busy, uncoordinated state covered mental health facilities on top of it... well i'm sure a lot of you can relate.. so usually, even when i try my best i am unable to get professional help for my issues because i am way too broke to afford anything that's not covered by my insurance, and on top of that we moved states and insurance recently. so here i am.. i guess i don't really have a goal here or like a question or anything.. sorry. i just want to vent to strangers. maybe some will relate and this might just be enough for them to view things in their own life differently.
life in sc i have been struggling financially for year and faced homelessness on and off i can t do this anymore i m not mentally or emotionally stable at all i fucked up by quitting my last job week ago because i wa committed to ending my life since i had to pay a 00 bill for accidentally causing damage in my apartment luckily my partner who life faraway helped me out and covered it for me for the longest my life been going downhill i have no family to turn to because i m distant from most of them including my own mother because they re toxic or they would never pick up the phone at all my older sister is the only one i talk with but not really at all i have no friend at all the only people i really have is my partner and my older sister sometimes and they ve been helping me through my situation i feel like a complete burden to them i temporarily lived at my cousin s house and experienced verbal physical abuse and destruction of my belonging from his wife then wa kicked out after a couple of month she kicked me out the house every other week because i wa short on my portion of the rent or out of pure pettiness i been homeless either out on the street park area or living in my car from time to time then i wa ultimately kicked out after she randomly decided she doesn t want to see me again even though i paid for my portion of the rent i did managed to get an apartment on short notice with the help of my partner but i had trouble paying for my bill i had different job and the pay wasn t good at all on top of that they were cutting my hour a lot i barely make it to paying my rent multiple time and i wa hit with a late fee every time i ve been attempting to kill myself many time because i m so tired and stressed out with this uphill battle nothing ever work out in my favor i can t do anything right at all i ve been going day without eating having water or electricity because i m way behind on bill and being broke barely have gas to get to the job i had i tried applying for different assistant program but i only get denied or never hear back from them same thing with applying for job online and in person either they re not hiring never called or i have to wait awhile i sold nude and foot pic before but i couldn t get client who s willing to pay i know some of my problem are because of my own irresponsibility i can never catch a break at all i just can t act get right no matter how hard i try i m always stuck
me ajudem, por favorvou resumir a histria pra vocs.conheo meu namorado a 3 anos, a gente se conheceu ficou trocamos ideia se afastamos depois voltamos como amigos ai nos afastamos novamente e at que chegou o incio desse ano, voltamos a conversar diariamente e consequentemente se apaixonar n. e assim, eu sempre fui uma pessoa que bebia todo final de semana, fumava e etc, e ele sempre na dele, quietinho com a cerveja dele. comeamos a namorar e eu vacilei, menti para ele para esconder uma verso de mim que tinha medo dele rejeitar e uma mentira levou a outra, tiveram influncias de amizade , e um certo dia ele descobriu e obviamente abalou a confiana dele e ja estvamos passando por uma fase nao muito boa ento s complicou mais, as desconfianas comearam aparecer, os cimes comearam a consumir um pouco ele, at olhou meu cll escondido, porm admitiu depois , eu entendi os cimes e tentava ao mximo explicar pra ele as coisas para o cime passare quando ele descobriu as mentiras me deu uma oportunidade de mudar de confessar as outras mentiras e eu, como nao sou boba agarrei!! escrevi todas as mentiras que eu lembrava e mandei pra ele, resolvemos tudo e seguimos, eu comecei a agir e mostrar que realmente queria o nosso relacionamento, mas com o tempo ele comeou a ter cimes do meu passado, desconfianas sobre mentiras passadas e perguntar sobre meu sexo com outros etc, relevei tambm. e ai nosso relacionamento s comeou a desandar, um certo dia ele foi la them casa, a gente ja nao estava muito bem , e ficou com meu celular o tempo todo, afastado de mim mesmo eu implorando ateno e aquilo nao era normal porque a sempre foi grudado. ento a gente comeu, jogou buraco e fomos transar como nunca tnhamos transado antes e depois do sexo maravilhoso tomamos um banho e ele simplesmente surtou, disse que eu estava mentindo pra ele novamente e que tinha provas, ai ficamos sem nos ver por 4 dias e eu quebrando a cabea pra lembrar da mentira. no quinto dia fui na casa dele e ele comeou falar algumas mentiras que eu realmente no contei, porm nao lembrei ento eu sei que estou errada prclh, porm ele sabe que eu estava me dedicando de mais no nosso relacionamento no ltimo ms, eu estava dando tudo de mim e ele sabe eu realmente estava melhorando, mudando ento assim vocs nao acham que ele deveria me da uma chance de fazer diferente? ou realmente tem que me largar porque sou uma cuzona? eu devo abandonar ele pra no magoar mais ele? socorro
me ajudem, por favorvou resumir a histria pra vocs.conheo meu namorado a 3 anos, a gente se conheceu ficou trocamos ideia se afastamos depois voltamos como amigos ai nos afastamos novamente e at que chegou o incio desse ano, voltamos a conversar diariamente e consequentemente se apaixonar n. e assim, eu sempre fui uma pessoa que bebia todo final de semana, fumava e etc, e ele sempre na dele, quietinho com a cerveja dele. comeamos a namorar e eu vacilei, menti para ele para esconder uma verso de mim que tinha medo dele rejeitar e uma mentira levou a outra, tiveram influncias de amizade , e um certo dia ele descobriu e obviamente abalou a confiana dele e ja estvamos passando por uma fase nao muito boa ento s complicou mais, as desconfianas comearam aparecer, os cimes comearam a consumir um pouco ele, at olhou meu cll escondido, porm admitiu depois , eu entendi os cimes e tentava ao mximo explicar pra ele as coisas para o cime passare quando ele descobriu as mentiras me deu uma oportunidade de mudar de confessar as outras mentiras e eu, como nao sou boba agarrei!! escrevi todas as mentiras que eu lembrava e mandei pra ele, resolvemos tudo e seguimos, eu comecei a agir e mostrar que realmente queria o nosso relacionamento, mas com o tempo ele comeou a ter cimes do meu passado, desconfianas sobre mentiras passadas e perguntar sobre meu sexo com outros etc, relevei tambm. e ai nosso relacionamento s comeou a desandar, um certo dia ele foi la them casa, a gente ja nao estava muito bem , e ficou com meu celular o tempo todo, afastado de mim mesmo eu implorando ateno e aquilo nao era normal porque a sempre foi grudado. ento a gente comeu, jogou buraco e fomos transar como nunca tnhamos transado antes e depois do sexo maravilhoso tomamos um banho e ele simplesmente surtou, disse que eu estava mentindo pra ele novamente e que tinha provas, ai ficamos sem nos ver por 4 dias e eu quebrando a cabea pra lembrar da mentira. no quinto dia fui na casa dele e ele comeou falar algumas mentiras que eu realmente no contei, porm nao lembrei ento eu sei que estou errada prclh, porm ele sabe que eu estava me dedicando de mais no nosso relacionamento no ltimo ms, eu estava dando tudo de mim e ele sabe eu realmente estava melhorando, mudando ento assim vocs nao acham que ele deveria me da uma chance de fazer diferente? ou realmente tem que me largar porque sou uma cuzona? eu devo abandonar ele pra no magoar mais ele? socorro
i know people post a lot here about wellbutrin but through googling i have read many of the posts and nothing really rings true for my situation. i am on this like mental health journey trying to find what works for me and i do not really have anyone to talk to about it. i do not even have a family doctor lol. so here i am. i was on 150 xl for a month and i noticed a huge change at the start, my main issue was focus and chronic fatigue, but i found myself falling back to where i was at the end of the first month. skip to the second month and my doctor kicks it into high gear and gives me 300 xl. the first few days i did not feel much of a change but after about a week or two holy fuck.i feel like i just slid into the side effects salon. for starters, totally forget to eat. i already hate cooking and some days its not until 1 30 in the morning where i am like, fuck, got to sleep but did not eat. when i do eat its only a meal a day. i started a fitness plan and a nutrition plan with a trainer and the food is so fuckin bland i am just not interested i was 180 pounds before i started now i am 172 . i am thinking of going back to some shittier foods so i regain some interest. my sex drive and everything related to sex has been cranked up to a million. its probably the one thing i am struggling with the most. i am literally always horny and it shows lol which can be embarrassing . my brain is telling me to go pick up multiple guys off the street and bring them to bed and the last sliver of logic i have is the only thing stopping me.i am never sleepy. i can sleep but i am never actually like, god i need to goto bed, therefore i forget the time and stay up late often. it also feels like time is zooming by sometimes but idk if that is just me .those are the major ones to list a few more i am warm and sweaty all the time, social interactions feel bizarrely different, i have gone from being super insecure to not being able to get away from a mirror, dehydrated easier and i guess that is it off the top of my head.i am just curious what subsides and what stays? i understand wellbutrin is not a miracle pill and its more of a trade one big problem for a little less significant and easier to deal with problems. also if anyone wants to chat about it or are currently in the same spot with their treatment are looking for support, id be happy to support and could also use some. thanks ! wellbutrin 150mg 300mg change
i already posted this on other subreddit but i got not answer, so here i go again first of all, i want to say that i am a huge ignorant about depression and anxiety, plus my mind feels foggy so i cannot think straight at the moment. i am a 27 year old female, happily married for almost one year. i moved to the usa 3 years ago by myself and i have not seen my parents family old friends since. i also got to say that i have always been a melancholic type of person. i experienced lots of new emotions when i moved here, with the cultural shock and having to properly learn english, and find a new way to make friends has been hard. i was super social and extroverted back in my home country, and here that has been slowly changing. i feel shy with a new group of people and i just rather be at home. its been a few months since i started to feel way more stressed and anxious. i never felt anxious before, until covid and all that shit started to happen. there is some days when i feel so sad, and i just want to lay in bed and cry. the feeling comes and goes, id say it happens around 4 or 5 times a month. but this last week just got worse, i really feel sad everyday, i feel a hole on my chest and i sob and cry uncontrollably. i believe i do not have a reason to be sad, i have honestly a great relationship with my husband, hes super supportive and hes always there for me. i was never homesick until covid my dad got sick and i could not see him, but hes all better and doing great i video call them every week. my husband and i are moving in a month and were both very excited about it. we both have good jobs.i have this terrible thoughts about everyone dying, including myself. is almost as if my own brain was trying to make me sad on purpose. i try to stop the thoughts and think of something positive but they always come back. i distract myself watching a movie but as soon as it ends i go back at crying. i have always been very self conscious and i am not very comfortable with my body, but i never had issues with my husband before.yesterday, we tried to get intimate and while kissing i just started crying and could not stop until past 10 pm. i am literally crying while typing this. i do not know if i am depressed or i have an hormonal unbalance, if its just anxiety build up. i am so tired of feeling this way and i cannot wait to be my normal self again. any advice is appreciated. i am not sure i am i am depressed?
in the beginning of my new career of 6 months i finally cracked and cried at work. dr. a who was scheduled for that day was not in so i was suggested to ask dr. b if he would be available. he asked me why i came to him. i explain and i say i can find another doctor since he is busy. he sternly tells me no. i readily give him the info and history i had prepared. he is short with me so i insist i can find another dr. as i do not want to interrupt his work. he looks me in the eye and says he will do it. we begin to leave his office amp he says alright, you are keeping me away from this little girls ct. i do not want to upset him further so i do not say anything and we continue to the exam room. the exam we were doing has straightforward objectives but each radiologist has different preferences on supplies and machine settings. let me say again i have never worked with this doctor before and although i had all the supplies i needed at hand, opened or ready to be opened, i did not expect him to be so particular. down to the medicine cup. each step of the exam that i have done multiple times before with other doctors with no problem, he was micromanaging, breathing down my neck, impatient, and frustrated. i am rolling with the punches. he is the doctor, this is his expertise, and i deliver what he wants with the best of my ability bc patient care and a thorough exam is always what is most important. 99 of the time i take work pressure objectively. specifically this dr. is a dinosaur in the field, so of course he has his own way of doing things. he experiences intense pressure every day and is understandably not going to be rainbows and unicorns. maybe he was having a bad day. but this time was the 1 i could not mentally handle the pressure and his attitude and tbh the assholery. the exam ended. it was successful. he managed to have small talk with the patient and i to maintain a semblance of bedside manner. he left the room. it was only until when the patient mentioned how mean he was towards me was when i fucking started crying. i always remind myself everyone is going through something. the doctor. the patient. colleagues. everyone else at the hospital. i am constantly struggling with my mental health from past trauma. and i just could not hold it in together long enough. this has become a massive wall of text. thanks if you read all of it, i do not have anyone to vent this to taking it day by day
she actually told me to get over it and grow up . usually we are fine. but she always pushes me too much and i still keep shut. she keeps demanding to know why i am useless . so today i told her. growing up 13 22 while trying to stop her from killing herself over and over again, mentally fucked me up. being physically abused when she was lost due to alcohol and pain killer abuse, made me lose hope.then having her have good phases where everything was good.. confused me.i am traumatized. therapy helped up to a point. she finally got help and now does not remember what she put me through. i never put anything on her cuz i was just happy she got better.but now she blames me for everything. goes on and on about how she sacrificed so much for me and how i should feel guilty for not working. and i tried. i tried so fucking hard to get a job. my anxiety is through the roof. i do not even want to live. i do not even live with them anymore. and yet she pushes. because i am not as good as our relatives kids. i am useless.now i feel scared and guilty cuz i might have triggered her. i am anticipating my dad's call and he will just reiterate how horrible i am. i have heard it so much in the past. yes they have helped me a lot financially but mentally they broke me. i am trying to repay them. i really am. every call with them is pushing me to towards the edge. every call makes me hurt myself i have been sh ing since i was 13 . i cannot cut them out of my life. it is too hard to explain.i cannot stop feeling guilty.. i know i hurt her a lot today by being honest.. but in a way i also feel better cuz i was holding this in for over a decade and a half. my dad is her enabler. and i have no one. i do not know what to do. the anxiety of them calling me again or me talking to them next time is freaking me out.how do i deal with this? she says she has a lifetime of trauma which is worse than mine and she got over it so i should too. i do not know how to respond to that when she is the source of my trauma. she refused to accept professional help when i was a kid and if she did i might not have gone through what i did. is it fair for her to say that to me?? i know i am being immature or whatever.. but i do not know how to let go of this when this is all i have known and all my efforts to make my life better keep failing. finally broke and told my mum she is the reason i am the way i am... she blamed everything on me
hey, so i have posted a few places for support but no community has given me any so i am trying here.backstory i have always struggles with depression and intrusive thought usually brought on by my father who is verbally abusive. he likes turning anything good to something negative. about me i am 20 this year and studying, i moved out of parent's place and was doing so good until covid decided to make us poor so i had to go back to my parents. i have been diagnosed with depression and bipolar and am pretty familiar with when to know a manic episode is coming but my depression just hits me low.all my colleagues always call me floaty because i am happy and chill by nature. i never fight and always ignore drama and conflict. here i get to the point my family was recently attacked by a neighbor and my dad defended us by stabbing him so he went to jail for bail. in that time my mom and i were alone and living peacefully without problems or drama but my dad was suffering in jail and we kept on working to fairly get him out so he was the victim. i was really worried about my dad coming home because he is always been very negative and makes anything a problem. he came back a nice, modest man who is grateful for everything. this however lasted only a week and once again everything in my home is cold and dark. we had a party and one of the guests accidentally packed his phone in when leaving. my dad went crazy accusing her of theft and screaming at us even though i got the phone back immediately. i had a panic attack due to all the screaming and anger.today nobody in the house is talking, everything is tense.i am just depressed and disappointed. i have been crying and nothing is happy anymore. the whole situation just completely through me of while i had been stable and happy till now.we have an apartment by the beach where i want to flee since i can still have online class from there and my workplace allows me to travel since we serve the whole country so i can go there and still work and study without any additional moving or trouble problem is that our country has some limits on traveling between states right now, however the apartment there is on my name and i could say i am going home.should i stick it out at home or try to go? i know i cannot reject my father because his fragile yet his behavior is affecting my mental health. what would you do in this situation? external factors harming recovery
i have finally been able to see my anxiety and i'm heartbroken for as long as i can remember, i have always suffered from anxiety. perhaps it runs in my family. yet i was never able to name it or put a label on it. during covid, it took a toll on me and the biggest hit was taken by my marriage. for past half year, so much has happened in my life that i feel like i am living someone else's life. the only good thing that has come out of it, is my ability to finally see my anxiety building up and how i channel it. i am so heartbroken to see that i mostly took my anxiety and put it in my marriage. anxiety builds up in me for various reasons. sometimes, it is related to work, sometimes things not going my way, or sometimes pretty mundane things. it slowly creeps in me and my mood is spoiled. previously i was never able to tell that anxiety had built up in me. i would only become aware of it when i blew the lid on something. during covid, the unfortunate victim became my spouse. i also blew up my relationship with my boss during that time. so once i spoiled the mood around me, or picked up a fight, i would see that things are fucked up. i always blamed the spouse, work or boss for the fight or issues, yet the culprit was mostly my anxiety that slowly built up and got channeled where i had hidden resentments. it is only during past week that i have finally been able to see the pattern and it is startling. i feel so ashamed and resentful. the sad truth is that i don't see any quick remedy for this either. you see, there will always be some dormant resentments inside me. there are issues between me and my spouse, that we cannot agree on. there will always be resentment which i have how i get treated at work or how i handle more work than the others etc. and whenever anxiety builds up, it needs a channel for relief. i'm afraid my mind will always pick these targets over and over. i have come to this community to ask for your advice, that what i feel is also how you have felt at some time? i want to take this anxiety and channel it for something constructive. i can't change my spouse, i can't get that promotion. but i can always put effort to find a new job, always choose kindness for my spouse instead of turning things to arguments. how does one make this change? how not being able to channel this energy constructively not become an anxiety in itself too? i need some encouragement and guidance. thanks
so...i feel unsure about posting this because i am not sure if it is too good to be true... or maybe people will not believe me. but i think i am going to be ok and i want to share what i think really, finally worked. i have major depressive disorder, generalised anxiety disorder and c ptsd from years of childhood sexualising abuse and violence. i drink too much, i hate myself. i have always had issues with needing an outside substance to numb that pain. drugs, booze, sex.... you know how it goes. the last few months have beeny worst. i constantly thought about offing myself.last december i contacted a clinical hypnotherapist about help to cut down my drinking. i connected with her instantly. we spoke about why i drank and my past came up...as it does when you have seen a many health professionals as i have and are used to going through the motions. she talked to me about a process called the richards trauma process trtp . it is 3 sessions. session 1 stop self sabotagesession 2 address and leave behind the traumasession 3 set yourself up for the future. it does not retraumatize you. i have done emdr, cbt and years of talk therapy and they all retraumatise. who wants to go through those events again??i did not do anything about it until 4 weeks ago because it cost 1200 and i had quit my job. but i was finally in a position to do it.between sessions 1 and 3 i have gone from severe depression, severe anxiety and moderate stress to zero depression, zero anxiety and severe stress. we figured out the stress was due to my new overwhelming desire to take care of myself and being a mother of very young children... that is quite hard. so session 3 we spent on managing parental overwhelm. tonight my kids were little shits and i did not care. i was fine. i did not snap. i did not cry. i did not descend into a panic attack like i have so many times before. i waited for them, then we did puzzles and listened to music. oh...and i went for a run this morning for the first time in months! i do not even know myself and it is insane to think about. who even am i without trauma and mental illness. i think of my abuser and he seems insignificant. i look back on my trauma and it evokes no physical reaction. no knot in the stomach. no chest tightness. no heaviness in my body. it is as if i am looking into someone else's life. not my own. i hope this helps someone. it has brought me back to life. trtp holy shit.
hi everyone, i wanted to write this to see whether or not people feel the same or whether or not i am going crazy. basically, i am a 26 year old male and i am feeling bogged down by life and quite miserable. to give some background, i still live at home with parents, i have a fairly decent job, a girlfriend and a small group of close friends however over the past few years i have been struggling to feel content with life. i live in the uk and from a young age i have always craved adventure and living a exciting life. during my late teens and early 20s i have lived abroad, travelled the south east, been on multiple holidays but there is something i cannot quite put my finger on as to why i feel unhappy with life at the moment.over the past few years transitioning from being a happy go lucky university student to then entering the real world has been a real struggle for me. the area i live has very little work opportunities and is known to be a less desirable part of the uk to live in. i feel that everyone does the same predictable routine of, working a job they hate monday friday and then drink heavily on a weekend to numb the pain and then repeat myself included . i really feel i am growing out of the uks drinking culture and want to completely change my lifestyle.i just feel that there has to be more to life than this. the majority of people i know are looking to get their first house engagement and to settle down but the thought of settling for this existence really scares me. i feel guilty for feeling this way, like i should be grateful that i have been dealt a fairly comfortable life. a week holiday once a year, an ok wage, food in the fridge and a caring family but i cannot help feeling that there has got to be more to life than this. i crave community, travel, adventure, good relationships, passion, excitement. but at the moment i feel dull and like the energy has been sucked out of me through joining the 9 5 rat race and falling into the trap that everyone does.i suppose the reason for writing this was to understand whether it is normal to feel like this?is this just what growing up is all about? if anyone had any tips on how to change this mindset of these circumstances?is it unrealistic to think life can be exciting all of the time?thanks for reading and i would be grateful if anyone had any tips or pointers or even just to find if anyone is in the same boat! feeling lost at 26
hi everyone, i wanted to write this to see whether or not people feel the same or whether or not i am going crazy. basically, i am a 26 year old male and i am feeling bogged down by life and quite miserable. to give some background, i still live at home with parents, i have a fairly decent job, a girlfriend and a small group of close friends however over the past few years i have been struggling to feel content with life. i live in the uk and from a young age i have always craved adventure and living a exciting life. during my late teens and early 20s i have lived abroad, travelled the south east, been on multiple holidays but there is something i cannot quite put my finger on as to why i feel unhappy with life at the moment.over the past few years transitioning from being a happy go lucky university student to then entering the real world has been a real struggle for me. the area i live has very little work opportunities and is known to be a less desirable part of the uk to live in. i feel that everyone does the same predictable routine of, working a job they hate monday friday and then drink heavily on a weekend to numb the pain and then repeat myself included . i really feel i am growing out of the uks drinking culture and want to completely change my lifestyle.i just feel that there has to be more to life than this. the majority of people i know are looking to get their first house engagement and to settle down but the thought of settling for this existence really scares me. i feel guilty for feeling this way, like i should be grateful that i have been dealt a fairly comfortable life. a week holiday once a year, an ok wage, food in the fridge and a caring family but i cannot help feeling that there has got to be more to life than this. i crave community, travel, adventure, good relationships, passion, excitement. but at the moment i feel dull and like the energy has been sucked out of me through joining the 9 5 rat race and falling into the trap that everyone does.i suppose the reason for writing this was to understand whether it is normal to feel like this?is this just what growing up is all about? if anyone had any tips on how to change this mindset of these circumstances?is it unrealistic to think life can be exciting all of the time?thanks for reading and i would be grateful if anyone had any tips or pointers or even just to find if anyone is in the same boat! feeling lost at 26
i 18 yrs. old, m started feeling this kind of feeling when i was in junior high school. every time a certain part of life gets harder, i lose my motivation to accomplish and i am having self doubts if it is actually worth it to waste my energy to complete something. i feel like i cannot achieve my dreams. its hard to appreciate life and enjoy living.i am obese, shy, insecure and always anxious. i noticed that i am easily irritable as the years go by. i will be become a freshman college student this school year and i am so worried about my future. its getting hard to wake up. i wish that i could sleep forever, so that i could never worry about the future and responsibilities. responsibilities. whenever i was given a hard responsibility, it is hard to meet their expectations. it stresses both my body and mind. ever since i started feeling unmotivated and depressed, i just let myself go with the flow. the concept of love and romance to me is....nothing. i just..do not care about making a relationships anymore. the feeling of being myself alone is just what keeps me going. i am always having thoughts about why am i still alive?, suicide, someone something killing me, accidents that will kill me, anything that will kill me. i am always begging to god to just take me already whenever i was having a mental breakdown due to stress, how people like my parents are disappointed to me, making a mistake even a small one . i am so afraid of failing. every i time i fail, i feel unmotivated, apathetic to anything.the only things that keep me going are surfing the internet, playing games, listening to music and reading books. i hate reading books when i was a kid but during junior high school, i come to appreciate how fantasy books are. fantasy books gives me a feeling of freedom. whenever i read these kind of books, i always insert myself as the mc, thinking what would if i was the mc. the only things that are interesting to me are entertaining video i always stream on youtube , fantasy books mostly isekais, light novels . i always wished that the our vr technology would advance just like sword art online. create worlds that i want to live in.how to get rid of this feeling? how do i motivate myself to keep on going? how do i get motivation for pursuing my dreams? amp x200b sorry for grammar issues, english is not my native language. this is my first time in reddit. loss of motivation and depressed
throwaway. i am 16 and i feel like my life is well and truly over. i barley have friends none in person, maybe 1 online and everything feels so empty. all i did yesterday was a sit in my house and smoke weed. all day. that is it. i had no idea what to do with myself in during the day, nothing made me feel excited, fulfilled or happy. i do not have any friends to hand out with, nobody to play video games with, i could die and nobody would notice. everything makes me feel lonely, to the point seeing other people together having fun makes me feel alone. i was watching videos of the hooliganism in italy after they won the semis and one of my thoughts was if that happened where i live, id be at home, high and pretending i did not care. i would want to be out there, in a group with my friends getting drunk and flashed but in reality if it did happen it would just be another thing i missed, another story i do not have to tell, another time the world passed me by like i am stalled on the side of the highway. i have always been eccentric, interested in things that kids my age find very weird like politics, and the law for example. i wrote a manifesto for a made up political party for fun. who the fuck does that??? i always feel like i have to censor certain parts of myself in the real world and that i do not fit into any cliques, nobody can match my level of eccentricity. i used to be an athlete but i am now i am nerdy. i smoke weed, but i am not that popular kid in high school. i have been told i am good looking, but i am teeming with insecurity and self esteem issues. i am destined to be alone and unfulfilled, a wasted could have been who let his life and possibly memories fall away. i am in somewhat of a relationship, but i have been stressing terribly over it. i like her, but she lives 90 min by transit away from me and in the past i have had trouble getting it up with girls. will i be able to this time? is there something wrong with me? how am i supposed to maintain a meaningful, connected relationship with someone? another nail in the fucking coffin. i have a job as a landscaper, but the more i do it the more i slowly dislike it. its physical labour in the heat for minimum wage, its hard to tell myself that i enjoy it. its the only reason i leave the house, and its not even that good of a reason. so there, i got it off my chest. i feel helpless. 16 and feeling beyond empty. its over.
where do i start. i am in my mid 20s, i come from an extremely repressive muslim family and i still live with them, i have been set up in 4 failed arranged marriages, i am not allowed to leave the house wearing what i want, i am living with 2 disabled parents who neglected me my entire life that have done a whole lot to parentify me. my older sister escaped and ran away at 17, nearly ten years ago, and i wish i did the same but the burden and responsibility to take care of my parents fell on my hands from a young age of 16. i have no friends, no resources. my parents are both uneducated. my other family members get violent toward me. my rapist is in prison, and my stalker will not stop harassing me with false police reports. i also have broken a few hearts, so i am scared of my exes knowing where i live. sometimes i am too terrified to leave the house. since my parents are uneducated and never worked and only were on disability, raising us in poverty and never trying, i cannot ask them for career advice. i am the only one with a college education and i still have to thank my guidance counselors for helping me every step of the way but even then i was scared to be too needy dependent and ask them for help because i was always abused growing up and my existence feels like a burden. sorry for rambling. people tell me to get a job here, but people do not understand that a job means being trapped in that location. i tell people i want to work elsewhere, but they keep shutting me down telling me to start small where i live. but the desire to leave is urgent for my physical and mental well being. my point is, people constantly tell me why do you want to work in ? different state you can just do that in new jersey. stay there. be around your family. this is what makes my blood boil. its hard to figure out how to tell people that this place is dead to me and ill probably end up dying here, if i was to stay any longer. i do not know how to tell people that i am ready to move on and spread my wings, because there is this huge back story that nobody knows. i tend to hold the weight of this on my own. how can i do that? i want to mostly leave for my safety and for a new beginning. i cannot stay here much longer. anyway to tell these people? i am horrible at communicating my points so this is why i need help. i want to leave, i am done living here. i wish others stopped telling me to stay.
wondering about mental health depression? advice comments welcomed and appreciated.preface i know i cannot get an actual diagnosis from this site, but i would really like to get peoples opinions thoughts on this. i am just going to dump a bunch of information here, and i am sorry if its too long. i am going to treat this like a rant, so it will not be organized.over the past couple of years, i feel like my mental health has been declining. in 2019, i started spending more and more time alone in my bed, and its continued on to this day. i have been passing it off as laziness ibe been a lazy person in general for quite a while , but i think its more than that, because i used to only have short periods of laziness. in other words, i used to have occasional lazy days, but now every day feels like a lazy day. i sit on my bed, watching youtube, listening to music, daydreaming, and checking my apps. when i am not working i work part time , i mostly just do these lazy activities.i also currently have a lack of hobbies probably related to laziness. i want to pursue hobbies and interests like i used to. i want to spend time doing something i enjoy. but, i just cannot get the motivation to. i feel like i cannot get the motivation to do much, even low effort activities or tasks. my lack of productivity and hobbies has led me to think very negatively about myself. i feel like i am skill less, talentless, boring, and useless. its a vicious cycle lack of motivation not productive more negative thoughts. i have also noticed that i am not excited over things id normal ly be. for example, i recently went on a short vacation, but i generally felt bored throughout it, when normal ly id be anxious and excited to do things. i felt like i could not get excited. aside from covid, nothing huge has happened in my life recently that would typically evoke depression, so its hard to pinpoint where this is coming from, and that is frustrating. i also do not feel too bad its like a constant meh with occasional dark days , or mentally suffocated, like people with depression have described, so i am not sure. i sorta feel like i am overreacting or being dramatic. but i am also quite concerned.to summarize i am constantly lazy, i am not productive, i have lots of negative thoughts about myself and my life, and i feel like i am in a constant state of boredom and indifference. wondering about my mental health
wondering about mental health depression? advice comments welcomed and appreciated.preface i know i cannot get an actual diagnosis from this site, but i would really like to get peoples opinions thoughts on this. i am just going to dump a bunch of information here, and i am sorry if its too long. i am going to treat this like a rant, so it will not be organized.over the past couple of years, i feel like my mental health has been declining. in 2019, i started spending more and more time alone in my bed, and its continued on to this day. i have been passing it off as laziness ibe been a lazy person in general for quite a while , but i think its more than that, because i used to only have short periods of laziness. in other words, i used to have occasional lazy days, but now every day feels like a lazy day. i sit on my bed, watching youtube, listening to music, daydreaming, and checking my apps. when i am not working i work part time , i mostly just do these lazy activities.i also currently have a lack of hobbies probably related to laziness. i want to pursue hobbies and interests like i used to. i want to spend time doing something i enjoy. but, i just cannot get the motivation to. i feel like i cannot get the motivation to do much, even low effort activities or tasks. my lack of productivity and hobbies has led me to think very negatively about myself. i feel like i am skill less, talentless, boring, and useless. its a vicious cycle lack of motivation not productive more negative thoughts. i have also noticed that i am not excited over things id normally be. for example, i recently went on a short vacation, but i generally felt bored throughout it, when normally id be anxious and excited to do things. i felt like i could not get excited. aside from covid, nothing huge has happened in my life recently that would typically evoke depression, so its hard to pinpoint where this is coming from, and that is frustrating. i also do not feel too bad its like a constant meh with occasional dark days , or mentally suffocated, like people with depression have described, so i am not sure. i sorta feel like i am overreacting or being dramatic. but i am also quite concerned.to summarize i am constantly lazy, i am not productive, i have lots of negative thoughts about myself and my life, and i feel like i am in a constant state of boredom and indifference. wondering about my mental health
a few months ago my partner finally convinced me to go to a doctor. for many years i have had this deep sadness to everything in my life, at times it makes it hard to persist. i reached out twice and each time i have said why am i sad i have been met with the same response everyone gets sad, you will get over it and i did not. when my grades slipped in highschool and i turned to my teachers and parents for support their answer was not is something wrong it was always you are fine, go study harder and this has had a primarily adverse affect. over time this had turned into a resentment and an ignorant denial of mental health when others have said they have had it. i have thought oh, you are sad, i am sad to and that is normal . so earlier this year i got help. i was scared, so nervous, shaking before i saw the doctor. he was so nice and serious about it all. i did not feel the need to avoid a deep conversation about the topic and instead speak openly with him. this was fresh air. so i get my diagnosis for anxiety and depression. and i am bewildered. i have been told my entire life you are fine and someone to actually say no this is not the norm was a welcome sight. even now, when i tell people off my diagnosis, they look at me with skepticism and doubt. like i am lying or fabricating a story. for most off my life people have called me a psychopath for my lack of empathy towards others so i understand their confusion when i do say yes, i am human. so i started taking anti depresents, hoping it would be a cure. but it changed my depression not fixed it. it made me unable to leave bed most days and not even be able to study for university. it made me hate myself. and once again, my grades dropped. and no one wondered why thankfully my university was incredibly understanding go curtin . so now i am here. about to start a new semester. these days i have been struggling with thoughts of suicide. i doubt it will happen but its a persistent nagging thought. i am to embarrassed to talk to anyone near me as i still have a slight stigma against people who wear depression as a personality and i feel incredibly uncomfortable getting compliments or sympathy. hence why i made this post. i may even delete it in the morning out of regret. so if anyone sees this, what advice do you have for coping? i have started meditation but want to make life easier to live.thank you my experience
been on escitalopram for about year worked great for the first or year wa prescribed either or 0mg honestly don t remember the exact dosage eventually it started making me feel complacent with sleeping long hour and not having any energy not meeting my goal or even making goal in the first place and not caring about thing i used to i didn t feel depressed but felt like i wa not where i wanted to be in life and that the antidepressant were part of the problem i should also mention that part of the reason i take them is for anxiety when this happened about year ago i decided to go off of them over a period of month it wa a very slow process because of all the side effect it wa terrible once i wa finally off them i felt worse i did have more energy but it wa like anxious energy i could function on hour of sleep just fine whereas with the antidepressant i feel like i have the flu if i get le than 9 hour normal on the pill is 9 0 hour well once i wa finally off the pill i wa getting anxious over every little thing including driving i had just gotten a new job and wa failing at it my inlaws came to visit in two seperate trip and after the first trip i decided i had to go back on the pill asap a i couldn t handle it anymore random outburst of cry and feeling very depressed along with near constant anxiety which is not great when my in law already don t seem to like me much long story short i went back on the pill about year ago probably about a month or of being off of them but i have kept the dosage low mg a i d like to try getting off them again i am worried to get off them completely again to try new antidepressant a i ve been promoted a few time since i went back on them and i can t risk screwing up my job i did ask my doctor if i could take the lowest dose of my current antidepressant 0 mg while i switch to new one but she told me i would have to be completely off the old one before starting anything new now i am also contemplating just upping my dosage to higher than it wa before and seeing if that help but i m also worried about having to try to get off a high dosage again it wa so terrible i m mostly just wondering if anyone ha any similar experience and what you decided to do and how it worked for you i know going to my doctor is best but it hasn t been super helpful for me so i m just curious about personal experience and i just feel like rambling a bit i guess
this year has been a bit challenging emotionally. i am not really sure where to go with this as i hate burdening my loved ones with really unhappy things, so for now i am just going to yell into the void of reddit so i can organize all my thoughts and get them out. in short i am extremely unhappy with the person i seem to be recently. its almost like i was a different person last year and even the year before that especially. i was happier. everything was generally okay. life felt good for the most part. and now, for the past 6 or 7 months or so, i have been largely a hot mess.it does not make much sense, because things are good right now. i should be happy. in december i moved into my own place with my partner who i love dearly, and everything between us is wonderful. we adopted a cat. i was able to find a job here in our new town right after moving. i have made acquaintances despite my horrible social anxiety. in theory, everything is wonderful . but for some reason, despite all that, i have spent the grand majority of this time going through cycles of misery. my self esteem has hit an all time low, and that is saying something. i frequently put myself down. i feel like a failure despite my accomplishments. i have been crying almost daily, or at least several times a week. i seem to cry way more easily now, because i used to only cry every once in a while. i have many moments almost on the daily where i just feel very sad, angry, or grumpy. sometimes my entire day will be ruined by one small thing and i will turn into an irritable unfun person for pretty much the rest of the day. i hate being this way. it cannot be fun for my loved ones, and its certainly not fun for me. i have been withdrawing from keeping in touch with friends, too. deep down, i am afraid they secretly do not want to hear from me. i know how ridiculous that sounds but i cannot help thinking it.i am not sure if this is depression or what. i have struggled with anxiety and ocd since i was a child but i have never been to a psychologist about this specific issue. and now i am in a small town so access to in person therapy is rough to find. i am looking for telehealth options, but in the meantime i am unsure what to make of myself lately. sometimes i worry i am just overreacting, but it cannot be okay to feel this way so consistently... right? does this sound normal , or is it worth seeking help?
i just found this community and i am just curious as to how does depression feel. sometimes my feelings are really really strong and i feel like i cannot control them, my mind gets filled with negative stuff but i have always tried to see the positive side of everything. i rly do not think i have any reason to be sad or depressed, i really am happy with my life and the people i love surrounding me.but sometimes out of nowhere, without reason or for really insignificant stuff i suddenly feel lonely, like no one cares about me, deep down i know that is not true, but idk why it keeps getting to me every now and then. i am an overthinker, and i have tried to change that for me and the people i love bc it has brought me problems all my life, this past year i have calmed my anxiety and the way i worry about stuff, i am feeling a lot better. but something i have never told anyone in my life is how these negative thoughts come to me sometimes, as if i am not worthy or just do not deserve to be here. it is weird, i just feel like no one would understand, idk if it is actually depression or just random normal sad thoughts. but i do not want to tell anyone i care about bc i think it would worry them and that i would destroy what i have with the people i love, that they would think i am crazy or something and leave me, that they will get tired of me. i just try to ignore my bad feelings and see the positive side, realizing that my reasons to be sad are not valid, but it is hard and i do not think i have depression but sometimes it comes to my mind that maybe i have and do not want to admit it? idk i just do not want ppl to change their view of me or how they treat me or make them feel guilty for what i feel randomly, but idk if that is just making me close off, make a barrier with everyone instead of facing what my heart feels... so ye i just feel stupid because i do actually have everything to be happy and i truly am, i am not insecure of myself either, i am happy with everyone that is with me right now, well my friends let me down a lot but apart from that it is all good, my family, my bf and the few friends i trust. but doubts suddenly invade my mind and do not let me see stuff as great as it actually is. so ye idk what to call this or how to overcome it sometimes. it is not always but when it happens it really puts me down in a fking hole. what does depression feel like?
this year has been a bit challenging emotionally. i am not really sure where to go with this as i hate burdening my loved ones with really unhappy things, so for now i am just going to yell into the void of reddit so i can organize all my thoughts and get them out. in short i am extremely unhappy with the person i seem to be recently. its almost like i was a different person last year and even the year before that especially. i was happier. everything was generally okay. life felt good for the most part. and now, for the past 6 or 7 months or so, i have been largely a hot mess.it does not make much sense, because things are good right now. i should be happy. in december i moved into my own place with my partner who i love dearly, and everything between us is wonderful. we adopted a cat. i was able to find a job here in our new town right after moving. i have made acquaintances despite my horrible social anxiety. in theory, everything is wonderful . but for some reason, despite all that, i have spent the grand majority of this time going through cycles of misery. my self esteem has hit an all time low, and that is saying something. i frequently put myself down. i feel like a failure despite my accomplishments. i have been crying almost daily, or at least several times a week. i seem to cry way more easily now, because i used to only cry every once in a while. i have many moments almost on the daily where i just feel very sad, angry, or grumpy. sometimes my entire day will be ruined by one small thing and i will turn into an irritable unfun person for pretty much the rest of the day. i hate being this way. it cannot be fun for my loved ones, and its certainly not fun for me. i have been withdrawing from keeping in touch with friends, too. deep down, i am afraid they secretly do not want to hear from me. i know how ridiculous that sounds but i cannot help thinking it.i am not sure if this is depression or what. i have struggled with anxiety and ocd since i was a child but i have never been to a psychologist about this specific issue. and now i am in a small town so access to in person therapy is rough to find. i am looking for telehealth options, but in the meantime i am unsure what to make of myself lately. sometimes i worry i am just overreacting, but it cannot be okay to feel this way so consistently... right? does this sound normal, or is it worth seeking help?
can someone relate or am i broken? i need to premise this with saying that i recognise that i drink as it is the only time i don't feel anxious anymore, and it's a vicious cycle. and so, please, telling me that stopping drinking is an obvious step i am taking now and it certainly doesn't help to say this to me now. recently, i have been feeling increasingly anxious and paranoid after drinking about things i may have done or said during the night. this is obviously even worse if there are moments of the night i don't remember or if i blackout. after a recent night out, i dont remember going back home from the club with some colleagues who i am semi close with im new to the job . there is basically a 200meter walk home that i dont remember. i asked, and i was told by them that i was very drunk and was vomiting, but other than that it was a great night and we should do it again. however, i am absolutely convinced that i said or did something bad that night. just like i'm always convinced i did something bad the previous time. that i maybe told them i want to rape hurt abuse someone, or that i was racist towards someone, or that i said a secret. and even if they said that it was absolutely fine, i'm convinced that they are hiding something from me, that they are waiting for the perfect moment to expose me. that they are all laughing talking behind my back. i feel like i ruminate over scenarios i may not remember or know even happen, so much, that memories almost build themselves in my head and from moment to moment a memory is more and more vivid. this is not a new thing in my life, i wake up terrified of checking my phone for embarrassing or illegal things i may have done, if there's a murder in the news i check the location to ensure there was no chance it could be me. the same happens in my sober life. i convince myself that someone is angry at me so i will spend literal hours looking over a phone chat between us. thoughts or worries plant themselves in my head and i cannot let them go. one day i raped someone, the next i have cancer. one day i pissed someone off, the next day the past is coming to get me. i'm terrified of getting out of bed as something will trigger panic. if someone can relate to this then i virtually plead for a comment or chat. i feel like i am losing control of my thoughts and emotions and this goes for sober life as much as when i drink.
hi , my name is kenzie , i am 14 years old and i live in france . last year , i discovered that i have autism. so here is my story .the first time i got bullied, i was 8 and it was in elementary school . one friend group in the school i was in was humiliating me and they were agressive physically they hurted me physically the teacher from this school in 4 5th grade was very special. she made fun of me multiple times . was literally bullying me . making fun of my difficulties in maths . when i was 9 , i did a sucide attempt by doing a od with paracetamol . it was my first time i did something like this to myself. when i entered middle school , it was horrible as well . the 6th grade was my worst school year ever, it is like undescribable. i was and still is a very sensitive person , so of course random people were enjoying that fact . it was like worst that the first time i have got bullied. i could not stop crying and i was feeling so bad and insecure about myself . i never had friends in school , and i still have huge difficulties with making friends . i was always alone and never was in a friend group . last year , i failed my school year because i was rarely at school. it was way too hard for me and it still is , il very stressed about next year. the bullying issues are not stopping and i believe it will never stop . when i learned i am autistic , my principal teacher explained it to the class . and almost all of them like enjoyed that and was calling me retarded and kind of words like theses . now i am going to talk about my family problems , that i have been trough for three months now . my sister , is making fun of my autism , and is rude to me like all the time. my dad is alcoholic and can get very violent and vulgar . my mom , is pretty good with me but not today . i went through a fight with my sister today and my mom defended all what my sister said like making fun of my weight and mental illness. i tried to talk with my mom but she was agressive for no reason . she told me she regrets me . which hurted me a lot and i am still so shocked about it and i am still crying. i am suicidal so i am really scared of what i could do to myself if my family keeps being like that. i really hope someone will understand me and give me some tips . thank you in advance. i really want to be understandable, i feel horrible right now. going through another depression.
welcome to r depression s check in post a place to take a moment and share what is going on and how you are doing if you have an accomplishment you want to talk about these shouldn t be standalone post in the sub a they violate the role model rule but are welcome here or are having a tough time but prefer not to make your own post this is a place you can share our subreddit rule are located in the sidebar you can also always access them at r depression about rule since all of them exist for important safety reason we ask everyone here to read and follow them please click report on any harmful content you see here we always want to know and deal a soon a we can we also have several wikis there for help with finding and giving support r depression wiki what is depression provides guidance about what is and isn t a depressive disorder guidance on the complex nature of the illness that are usually grouped under the depression label and redirect information for common off topic issue r depression wiki giving help offer information on the nature and value of peer support for mental health issue in general and lot of guidance for learning what is and isn t usually helpful in giving peer support ysk that the type of rule violation that we most frequently see interfering with people getting safe and relevant support here are people breaking the private contact rule you should never trust anyone who try to get you into a private conversation in response to a post here see r depression wiki private contact i m here to help post this show that you don t understand the most basic principle of peer support especially selectivity the giving help wiki explains more about this role modelling i e achievement or advice post this is an expert free zone that s what peer support mean rule we know that internet culture celebrate not just bragging about your achievement but bragging about your good intention nothing like that is ever acceptable here content that s more about making a statement or casually polling the sub than seeking personal support or in a comment giving it rule and 0 off topic post about difficult situation or circumstance including interpersonal loss grief sadness anger and other difficult emotion are not mental illness the what is depression wiki ha suggestion for other place to post about these issue which are 00 valid and serious but inappropriate here
hi, i diagnosed with depression a few years ago and have attempted to commit suicide a few times before and luckily all of them failed. i am still undergo therapy in these challenging times online and it seems to get better. i still have suicidal tendencies but the frequency is not as much.i do not have much friends because i have a weird behaviour and some people do not like that i am someone with mental health issue. i like to make jokes to make people happy, when i see people happy, i become happy. but sadly not everyone like my jokes. i do not make any offensive jokes but some of my jokes can be lame at times. for example, that movie was egg celent !. some people really do like it and genuinely laugh.i also asked a lot of questions regarding social life and it seems to make some people annoyed and complained about me. the questions i ask are simple questions such as do you think my shirt is alright to go to the event ? . but people can ask me a lot of question regarding ukulele but no one ever said anything about it ! i once lash out before that why you guys get angry when i ask questions when i answer all of your questions politely. they replied with my questions all the ukulele questions are good questions and my questions are all stupid questions.there are cases too where people seen me entering or exiting a mental health facilities and people became uncomfortable with me, saying i am very dangerous. there are times where when i go somewhere in an event. the parents shield their small child away from me . i never heard anyone before and this really make sad at times.i have been with seven groups of friends across five years and all of them end up badly. it is always the game event. one or two people in the group dislike me , and other group member begin to exclude me in everything to maintain the group harmony.i do not have any friends now, and my family are miles away and i cannot travel back due to the pandemic travel restriction. i begin to hallucinate imaginary friends recently like i make two lunch and imagine i am talking to someone across the table, i am not sure if this is healthy.recently my therapist got covid and we will not have sessions for at least a month. she is getting well and just need some rest. how do i overcome the feeling of always being hated by one person in a group, thus making any group relationship almost impossible.
i don't want to do this anymore i 23m don't want to continue this anymore. i got out of a 6 year relationship back in august i left cause i wasn't happy anymore and hated myself to the point of not loving her anymore. i was 320 lbs when we broke up and now i'm 240 lbs i go to the gym for about 10 hours a week sometimes more. i'm stronger than my friends that got me into the gym and that makes me happy sometimes. i see a therapist every other week and i don't even tell him about some of these deeper down issues about not wanting to live anymore cause he is a school therapist and i worry that i would get a restriction on campus cause of it. i have been on one date since the breakup and i really wasn't that interested in the girl i met her on an app and just went on a date so my parents would get off my back about not going on a date since the breakup. i feel invisible to women i'm actually attracted to that in the gym or around campus i try to smile and make eye contact but i can count the time's anyone has actually looked back and smiled on one hand. i feel like my depression ruined my one chance at love and not i'm just a fat ugly person who is going to die alone no matter how much weight i lose no matter how much better i look i don't think it is ever going to get better. i did get with my ex for a moment but i think my heart is truly empty there were no new feelings of love i think i need someone to kick start it i need someone new to care about the bring those feelings back. i don't know how long i can continue this life i feel like my peak is going to be 5 years from now when i'm still single and alone and graduate from school and am making 100k and have a nice scat pack challenger in the garage and my ram parked outside in a luxury one bedroom apartment. i'm on the apps and i get like maybe 5 likes total a week over all of the apps i'm using and i usually get ghosted after the first message. since i updated my pictures recently i have been getting likes from much better looking girls and i don't even message them cause i feel like they look too good for me and probably swiped the wrong way and i don't want to message them and they ghost me cause they did swipe the wrong way. i know that is the dumbest thing but it's how i really feel. you don't have to comment or say anything i think i really just need to type all this out and post it somewhere.
i have been having shitty weeks lately. nothings going my way, i can never see the light at the end of the tunnel, and i am just not happy anymore. the workload keeps piling up at work. its just endless amounts of work and i cannot seem to catch up. not only that, i have been wanting to hangout with one of my favorite coworkers but he keeps blowing me off. that is the one thing i liked to do and i just wanted to blow off steam and shoot the shit with him but he just keeps blowing me off and canceling on me. i have been asking like a week in advance to do something, he oks it, then suddenly he randomly invites someone else and they take over, basically ruining everything for me. then this weekend is not good, how about next weekend? next weekend comes and its still not good. any shred of hope and happiness that i barely have gets taken away from me. its not just hanging out with my coworker, its like i said, work. i get happy for a split second and i think i am almost at the top, then i get knocked down. i think i am going to blow off steam with my coworker and he keeps canceling on me. he probably never wants to hangout again but whatever. i do not care. am i that awful annoying to the point where he does not want to hangout anymore?? i considered him an older brother mentor best friend. not so much anymore. my life has been so shitty lately that i got a slight injury last saturday and did not start feeling better until yesterday. i could have gone to work but i just did not feel like it. that place depresses me and my coworker is not helping. i was already feeling down and i thought that maybe my coworker and i could hangout like we used to. i was really looking forward to it. nothing was set in stone but it felt like this weekend would have been a good one. but i guessed wrong. i hate my life and and i just wish i could go away and never come back!! i know i have other friends and coworkers to hangout with but i have different relationships with different people, everybody does, so that is why its disappointing when someone you thought you were close to blows you off and is basically meh and cold towards you. i need a fucking vacation or something. i am just over feeling down and depressed. i hate it!! the one person that thought i clicked really well with is just been so off and distant with me. my life is just one big disappointment after another
i seem to have a fallback to my old problems.3 years ago i had my last suicide attempt which resulted with me being hospitalized for quite a long time. afterwards i visited different therapists but it would not be effective for me personally. i then proceeded to drag myself out of my darkspace as i like to call it. darkspace means that i loose my power, drive and motivation, everything seems useless. i procrastinate or completely let go off all my responsibilities, just sit at home amp smoke weed as selfcare, do not eat for days at a time, stop doing sports and ignore my social contacts, sleep instead of being productive and hate every single second of my day. weed is fucking bs, its making everything worse i am going to and i want to quit but somehow i cantlong story short, my life had a lot of hurdles in the past few months i started to do not care about my university responsibilities, had troubles with my family they all do not know about my mental state never cared about that condition of mine and now have lost a girl i was seriously interested in for the first time in years.i am now in my darkspace again.i do not want to harm myself, but i know if i do not change my life rn, i will end up there again. to my hardfacts, i am 23, m, broke af living on my own. i have 3 exams in 2 weeks obviously have not studied yet amp one of them is my final attempt and i need to pass, as i cannot loose another year of my time, as i just started with medicine and it will take me 5 more years anyway and i want to be a doctor before 30 but i already turn 24 in a few daysi am deeply in love with the girl, she was just perfect. we were dating for 3 months pretty intensely but yesterday she ended it very surprisingly because everything seemed fine to me.it did not bring me to my darkspace btw, it just brought me way more into it. now i am sitting here asking reddit for help. i know that i do not want therapy, i would not even be able to make time for that amp i cannot risk going back to the hospital, they would make me go stationary again. i have lost a lot of weight now down to 60, had 68kg back in march , definitely due to not eating, no sports and my fcked up sleep schedule. how do i get my life back on track? how do i get my motivation for studying? how do i get over her? i do not know how i managed it the last time so help me reddit, please, i beg you i need help
i have an intense urge desire to commit suicide. i do not understand myself. this is going to sound quite selfish but there are times when i wish death upon my last remaining loved ones, just so i can commit suicide without causing anyone any emotional harm. the intensity of the urge seems to have been rising up day by day. i had really thought that i was done with this way of thinking, but it seems that i was incorrect. i know that i should seek medical help but i already am a burden to my family. i would never want them to spend any money on that. and this is not your typical father and mother, sister and brother type of family. it is quite messed up really. but i will not go too deep into it, it is just that my mother and father are divorced, and my mother lives with my grandfather and i live with them too. and my father... well, he does not care at all. he is married for the 3rd time, but the point is he never did care about me. and it is okay. i just have to point this out to clarify why i will not be getting help. but that is not the only reason. there is also the fact that we live in the countryside where there is not psychological help available. so there is that. what kind of advice would you give to someone like me? can i cure myself? are there any techniques that may help at least lower my volume of suicidality? because i know that this is not normal . i have been trying quite a lot of things. reading all sorts of things to make my outlook on life at least a bit positive. and it did work for a while, i had not felt this way in a while, until that is.. the death of my beloved grandmother.. about 19 20 days ago. but it is not because of her.. well partially. i in general do not have a desire to live or do anything with my life, if anything i would end it. but i am alive for these loved ones beside me. i do not want to make them sad or upset them. i could not imagine them in that much pain. but one of them recently has died and surely that made me feel a certain way. almost as if death got one step closer. i have subconsciously made up this plan that when my mother dies, i will be committing suicide. of course, the future is uncertain but that is a plan after all. anyway, i have been typing for a while now.. if anyone has read this far, thank you. hope we get better, stranger. can i cure my mental health if i cannot seek professional help?
i have an intense urge desire to commit suicide. i do not understand myself. this is going to sound quite selfish but there are times when i wish death upon my last remaining loved ones, just so i can commit suicide without causing anyone any emotional harm. the intensity of the urge seems to have been rising up day by day. i had really thought that i was done with this way of thinking, but it seems that i was incorrect. i know that i should seek medical help but i already am a burden to my family. i would never want them to spend any money on that. and this is not your typical father and mother, sister and brother type of family. it is quite messed up really. but i will not go too deep into it, it is just that my mother and father are divorced, and my mother lives with my grandfather and i live with them too. and my father... well, he does not care at all. he is married for the 3rd time, but the point is he never did care about me. and it is okay. i just have to point this out to clarify why i will not be getting help. but that is not the only reason. there is also the fact that we live in the countryside where there is not psychological help available. so there is that. what kind of advice would you give to someone like me? can i cure myself? are there any techniques that may help at least lower my volume of suicidality? because i know that this is not normal. i have been trying quite a lot of things. reading all sorts of things to make my outlook on life at least a bit positive. and it did work for a while, i had not felt this way in a while, until that is.. the death of my beloved grandmother.. about 19 20 days ago. but it is not because of her.. well partially. i in general do not have a desire to live or do anything with my life, if anything i would end it. but i am alive for these loved ones beside me. i do not want to make them sad or upset them. i could not imagine them in that much pain. but one of them recently has died and surely that made me feel a certain way. almost as if death got one step closer. i have subconsciously made up this plan that when my mother dies, i will be committing suicide. of course, the future is uncertain but that is a plan after all. anyway, i have been typing for a while now.. if anyone has read this far, thank you. hope we get better, stranger. can i cure my mental health if i cannot seek professional help?
ha oh god i don t know why i m laughing so much i think if i could feel anything i would be scared i m laughing and i m cry i don t know what to do i think my friend is suicidal scrap that i know they are and the problem is i m kind of suicidal too i see no point in life but i ve become sort of stuck in a rut of repressed emotion for a while i feel nothing so i have no desire to do anything let alone to kill myself but i m worried they do they said they would see me tomorrow so i don t think they re going to do it tonight they said they want to but they see no point because they always fail i don t know what to do i cant ask for help for them because i promised confidentiality and i know the pain of that trust being broken i can t do that to them that is not an option i know they re safe for tonight the only problem is i don t know how to make them feel better or if i can i m terrible at comforting people at the best of time and now i m half asleep and i think i m a little triggered for context my dad used to always tell me he wa going to kill himself if i left him and he would detail how worthless he wa and way he would kill himself and sometimes he would sh and almost attempt in front of me a well a me being suicidal myself on multiple occasion so it s a touchy subject i don t need people telling me to call the police or tell anyone else i need advice on how to make them feel better i can t bear the thought of one of my friend feeling how i feel or rather how i ve felt it s fucking torture and they do not deserve that shit they said they can t talk because they feel like an attention seeker and i tried to reassure them but i m crap at it please i m begging you give me some advice something i can do to make them feel better the thought of them in pain is agonising they don t deserve that i just need some idea on what to do what to say please i want to help them with their depression but i can t even help myself i don t know how to help i m sorry if this is the wrong place i ve already posted this on suicide watch but i need a much advice a possible i ve tried thinking about what i would of liked people to do when i wa actively trying to take my life but all i really wanted wa to be left alone to die and i felt guilty a hell when i talked to anyone about it and wanted to forget about it so i have no clue on how to make them feel better i m sorry
i lay on an air mattress in an empty room. there is three framed drawings leaning on the latticed wall, of writings i wrote as a kid. there is a chrome plated lamp plugged in to an open outlet, a cabinet of gemstones mounted on the wall, and a little green vine in a glass jar. there is a pair of headphones to my left and a computer out of battery to my right. the last dying shades of pink leave me in darkness as the night approaches.i am running away soon. from this. i cannot deal with everything that is happened in the past weeks. i am running from school. from my parents. from my dying extended family. from my misery. and i am not the reason i am running. i am not the initiator. none of what is hurting me is caused by my hands. i try to calm myself. but i cannot. so tomorrow, i run or the next day. or maybe i will never amount to anything and never do it.will someone force a way into this account while i am gone? will they see the malignant sludge that is my profile? will people care again if they see my name on the news? i cannot stand being alone anymore. it is terrible, but i yearn to be cared for.what is more valuable, me, or the idea of me? during every relationship, romantic, sexual, plutonic, otherwise that i have ever had with someone special i feel like it was the latter, looking back. so i will give in. they can have the idea of me if i die while i am out there.i am so fucking sad but somehow also so fucking numb. i cannot feel anything other than just passive depression, the wary passage of time, and my blood pressure.i am going to run to find my purpose. if death finds me while i am out, so be it. what is the worst that could happen to me? i get abducted? unlikely, and i will see that when it happens.i am packing lots of nonperishables, just to keep me alive. refillable water bottles and a plastic box. my school id. all the paper money i have, but with a fake wallet in case i get mugged. tissues. stationery. a mirror. all three of my working cell phones. a battery bank. this is happening. it is real and it is happening and it is happening tomorrow.maybe it is the ultimate act of selfishness, save for outright killing myself. it is not as if i have not tried that, so this is just something new. i have been nothing but the best i can be and here i am. so i am going out to find myself. i will see you all on the flipside. another night
i have always taken away anything good from myself. i had feelings for someone for the first time. we talked for months on ig and never met cuz there is a distance. i slowly got insecure. fast actually. i was experiencing my first psychosis too and did not know. so that does not help. the first time i had an outburst i remember thinking after that it was almost like i wanted him to reject me. but i do not it was that hard to believe. everytime i showed that i had concerns about wether he feels the same for me. he would not say much even if i was straight up asking him and then he would talk to me the next day like i was not a nut. when i get like this i continue to sabotage myself being insecure makes me more insecure. i think it was just all that was left and then i woke up from the psychosis and shits just been heavier and while depressed i decided to ruin shit some more. i always wonder why he kept talking to me by removing him as a follower that did it. i fucked it up. i want to change tho. i want to get better. i want stop destroying things that are good for me and all of my chances at living nice and enjoy things without feeling guilty especially if it is for my growth and improving my mental health. and if i fuck it up but i do not want it to be i want to try and unfuck it and have courage. and i am fine with some not liking me but honestly not him not because i do al this stuff to ruin my life, unconsciously, consciously, psychotic feeling the best i ever have or depressed. maybe i just want to fight for something this time and take responsibilty. his existence like watching his ig stories made me genuinely happy even on days we did not talk. i look up to him as a person. like after a night out enjoying myself i felt weird and guilty the next day even though i did everything right i was told, and i watched his story and it just give me this feeling that there is hope for me. i could take care of myself someday and feel happy and not worry and not be concerned with much else but myself and what i love. it just brings me peace to know that i have someone like that in my life even from a distance. a good influence. because i do not have much and i do not know many people and do not have friends yada yada. i do not expect anything. i just want us to be cool. can i ask him to be friends after i fucked up every chance of having something good?
i have no idea what to do at this point. i have had sleeping problems for years, but it was never too crippling, just falling asleep would take me 2 3 hours sometimes, so only some time wasted, but i would usually temporarily fix it every few weeks. but for the past 4 or 5 months it got so bad that most of my time was spent in bed, falling asleep would take 4 5 hours and sometimes i would not even get any sleep at all, at times 2 nights in a row, and during the day i would feel like a zombie. and absolutely no method worked. tried meditation, exercises, changing my diet, meds, drugs, even getting drunk to sleep where i typically never drink. would have completely botched my university semester if not for online lessons and cheating on exams like crazy. fixing the sleep schedule was my main goal for those past months and since a week ago i actually did it. regularly going to sleep and waking up at consistent hours for 6 8 hours of sleep. problem is, i still feel just as tired and lethargic. starting to suspect it is really just the stress and me being unable to deal with insecurities and past traumas. everything i do either fails or frustrates and tires me. i would often draw to relax and try working on creating my own video game since it is been my dream for years but i am absolutely unable to focus on either. i do not even have anyone to talk to about it. my family never understood me and we are on bad terms for some years anyway. the friends i have had for years are only called friends because i dislike the word buddies . recently i got closer to a group of people online who i care for deeply and do my best to support when they have it hard, but i realized it is not a mutual feeling and whenever i would bring up some of my issues they would often get dismissed or met with a lol or the attention would go to someone else mentioning their problem. at this point i do not really care though. i just want to be able to focus on stuff i am doing. i am sick of wasting time doing nothing. i tried various non prescription meds to help concentrate but nothing works and when i would ask a doc to give me strong stuff back when i was looking for sleeping pills or the like he would refuse, saying that i will only get addicted and ruin my health. my passions and pastimes no longer give me any joy and i cannot do them. can medicine help? what kind? what to do?
i do not get it. i do not get why i feel this way. i have a mom who loves me and who i love to death, a dad that cares about me. a sibling who looks up to me. i am 15 i have been going to therapy since last year.she said i got better, she said my aura had changed, she said i seem happier and that was true for some time but now i do not even know. i do good in school i have 3 friends who love me. who i told that i hate myself. i am a white middle class girl who lives in a safe town. but yet i find my self crying for no reason. i find myself feeling numb and on the verge of breakdowns when hanging out with friends. i am terrified of death yet i want him to take my hand sooner than he has planned. i lay in bed and stare at my room that my mom begs for me to clean so desperately. she begs me to come downstairs and hangout with her yet i cannot and i feel so guilty for not doing so. my dad cried once because he realized he was too hard on me. i do not eat as much as i used to, a toddler could eat more than me in a day. the clothes on my back get changed when i take a shower which is a disgusting amount of days to some people. i read books wishing i was the main character, i would not have to worry about getting a shitty job that i hate just so i can become another employee to this company we call the you.s. the earth is dying and there is nothing i can do about it. i want to live life to the fullest before the end but i cannot find myself having the energy or the funds to do so. i do not see a point to life the only thing stopping me is my mom walking in on my dead body. i cannot see my life being worth it in the long run, i cannot see the money my parents spend to feed and attempt to give me joy worth it. i do not get it i really do not get it i do not get why i have mascara stained cheeks right now. i do not get why two people decided to have sex one day. i do not get why i am drowning in my own misery while people have it worse. i remember in school we asked the question if a character in the book was weak or not for committing sucide. every single person said weak. i do not see myself as a weak person and i do not think anyone who thinks about ending it is weak. i just think they want peace and they are tired. i am tired. those few minutes of happiness a day are not worth the amount of dread i feel a week. i am young yet i am already exhausted
if little old me suddenly disappears, it will not change much, will it? i am just one other kid who is being pushed through an education system that romanticizes the untold oppression of the capitalist society. i am just one more employee at dunkin donuts that takes your macchiato order, day in, day out just another mindless machine who has succumbed to the apathetic workforce of industrialized capitalism. you know that coffee i just gave? the hundreds of coffee i gave to people over just a 4 hour shift? i only get a few cents from that, all because some person happened to be the one who had the money to buy off my life. oh, but if i stay in there for the next 50ish years, ill get some retirement benefits. grow up, mrs. ceo. you just want people to sign away their time to work for your business, so they can just turn around and give all that money to a college in order to earn a degree that has increasing less value in modern society. then i go and work for a company, at a higher paying job, that takes all my investments into education and claims my work as theirs, so they may slowly pay back the debts i have over the next thirty years, all the while throwing the pretty carrot of retirement in my face. but then i finally eat it, and i realize that even the garden fresh carrot was the product of a private, oppressive organization the healthcare system. because, as it so turns out, i was not given the proper preventative medicine in order to combat against the underlying heart issues in my family, so i end up having a heart attack that will leave me debilitated for the rest of my second half of my life which also costs 10,000 grand, by the way, which will climb the corporate ladder of the healthcare system to lay at the polished feet of the corporate elite, 80 percent intact. why? why live in such a world. why decide to face that, family difficulties, and medical depression that was not even talked about before i had the devil staring at me through the crimson painted mirror of a kitchen knife? why? it will get better, they say. it will change they say. really? then why did you hesitate after i just explained the oppressive world you live in? and you know what the worst part is? i am a white male. i have got it exponentially better than almost anyone else. which is sad, and utterly despicable. i do not know if i bring anything to this world
first time poster so excuse my grammar and format...i met my wife about 3 years ago, fast i know but i was so happy. i had been so lost and depressed and i found some one who showed real interest in me...some one who loved me for me. but i had my own issues and problems. i hurt her over and over not physically and i never cheated and she gave me chance after chance. we had a beautiful baby girl 13 months ago...finally i had the family i always wanted...a family of my own, a beautiful wife and daughter. but i continued to screw myself and her over with my actions...i was not present mentally...i was not supportive enough. we would get into arguments that made both of us want to kill our selves. we have both tried at different points...we both self harm. but now its all over...our relationship is dead to her. she really tried, i did not try nearly hard enough. i did love her, i really did...but i am just a selfish bastard. we did not end in a horrible way at all, in fact we still live together for the sake of our daughter. but for all the times i have hurt her...for all the chances i had...i guess this karma coming full circle? i just feel so broken, hollow and cold. like i am not the one who should get any form of pity...i felt so bad that i need to vent in some way...to feel...something. i cut my self bad enough to need a hospital visit...i guess that box cutter was not as dull as i thought. but the funny thing is i did not even feel it...i feel like i am regressing back into the person i used to be...the one who shuts out the world. cutting made me feel better for a little bit...but its not enough. i do not want to die, more like i cannot die. my daughter did not ask to be here, and i owe it to her to stay around for her. but i want it to end deep down...i keep thinking i should have died in that motorcycle accident years before we met. if i did not have my daughter, i probably would have put a bullet in my head already.for all the mistakes i made...i am so sorry...i wish i could take it all back. i wish i could start over again. i was so happy for the first time in years...and now its all gone. i am such a fool. i think i need to be medicated...but i just cannot afford that kind of thing right now, let alone set professional help.anyway...i just wanted to rant vent...thanks venting i lost everything i ever wanted due to my own mistakes
so i have basically come to accept that i have bpd. i have everything but a formal diagnosis which i know its bad to assume but after conversing with a friend of mine who is licensed to give out diagnosis as well as talking to someone who also has bpd and there words on the matter being you have described yourself the same way i did when i got diagnosed, as well as described feelings i have about myself that i have never found the words to do . i think assuming is fair at this point.i am now looking back on some of my recent actions through a new lenses and taking responsibility for the things i have put some of my idealised people through which has recently left me with nothing.my actions recently stripped me of my job, friends who i can spend any meaningful time with, partner and housing. i was too wrapped up in desperation to try to fix it all. i am currently working through a program which suggests finding things to be happy about which at the moment is a struggle to lean on any aspect of my life considering socially, professionally, personally and romantically everything went up in flames all at once.for instance the program recommends focusing on work which i cannot do because even trying to apply to jobs i am so desperate that i am getting nowhere. it suggests expanding your social circle but i have no friends left to even begin to introduce me to new circles that are savoury atleast. i have many drug abusing people who would be willing to let me come along but its not a group i feel i am myself with which is something i want to avoid . romantically i am fine leaving off the table for a while but it does mean finding somewhere to live is impossible without friends a partner to move in with. my family is all kinds of toxic as well which would hinder my mental health further using them as an asset in any kind of way.going to events to meet like minded people is impossible due to me not having any money etc, etc.i feel like all these aspects are butting against eachother, and as hard as i search for action plans they all seem to revolve on one of these aspects which i do not really have any of at the moment. i just need a way out really. i am trying to stay optimistic on rebuilding my life but whenever i sit down to attempt it it seems more and more impossible which just leads me back to despair. building everything back up
i feel like i don t matter anymore these last few years my depression has only gotten worse, no matter what i try. my fiancee snaps at me when i try to make sure she isn t going to hurt herself, my ptsd flares up every time something goes wrong. i don t feel like i can work anymore but i have to because i have to look after my fiancee who s got bpd and bring in the money to afford food and rent. i don t feel like i can look after myself. insomnia has been a bitch for me for years, it s only gotten worse in the last year. i like to maintain i m doing well, but honestly i almost took some pills last night and locked myself in the bathroom. i don t want to be here anymore. but i don t feel like i can talk about it, because my partner always has something for their own on when i m feeling low. i just bottle, i guess. i want to talk, i see a therapist, but, all the progress i make feels like it get reversed constantly. i haven t felt this low in years and it s hard to maintain a it ll get better outlook like this. when? when will this get better? i ve been bullied at work, punished for my disability at work, i ve suffered through a narcissistic abusive mother and a father who just stood idly by. i ve had an ex sa me and cheat on me. i ve had friends lie and manipulate me, taking advantage of me. i don t have a single family member i can trust anymore. the only thing keeping me going is my dog, he s only 11 months. i love him so much. i never want to lose him. the desire to leave and go to work and never come back is so strong. it s so, so overpowering that i feel like shaking. i don t want to feel like this. i don t want my ptsd to flare up every time something goes wrong, i don t want my depression to spiral in turn, i just want to be healthy again. i miss the competent me. my fiancee has a lot going on, i always understand that. i just sometimes don t feel like the same empathy i give her for her conditions gets extended to me i feel like i m just here for her. outside of that, i just kinda float in existence. i always used to joke that my name means happy or lucky, but i haven t felt it once. i m very unlucky. happiness is so difficult for me to get. i m tired. i will try to stay around. i always have done. i ve survived all my worst days so far, right? that what i say. i just wanted to vent and someone understand me for once.
i have a rather normal life. i go to school, i have friends and do stuff with them, and even if my mom is bipolar and has a heavy treatment for it and most of the time i have to look after my brother because he has some bad anxiety, i generally feel like in a loving family. but then i still feel like shit and i really do not understand why. what is even more confusing is that i do not think about it when i am at school and around my friends, except when i say something weird stupid or when i get a question wrong in class, in which case i then blame myself for it and really hate myself for the rest of the day, sometimes even the next day. i tell myself that i am a stupid piece of shit, that i am a monster who hurts everyone around him, that my friends like me just out of pity and that my teachers pray for me to shut the fuck up every time they see me, etc etc. there is also this weird, horrible feeling of not belonging with my friends that i get sometimes, just like when you enter the wrong classroom by accident, like i do not fit in. it is like looking at them just to see how happy and not caring and just enjoying their life they are, and how i simply cannot be like that. but then again it is a state of mind that i am not always in and realizing that makes me think that i am liying to myself and to others, like i am acting a scene just to get some attention that i do not deserve.at the end, i am just here wondering what the fuck is happening to me. people have told me that it kind of sounds like depression, hence why i am posting this here, but i really do not have a fucking clue of what is going on in my life, and i am too afraid to go see a doctor because it would mean telling everything to my mom and i feel like she would not take it seriously, plus she already has enough problems herself. i have also tried psychologists but they are either too expensive in order to be viable on the long term, or it is a cheap alternative that i do not feel comfortable with and that generally does not work for me.and still, these thoughts are killing me.if you have any advice or idea of what it could possibly be or if it is even a real thing at all and not some random casual problem that i am just egoistically complaining about , that would help so me much.thank you very much in advance i feel so fucking empty and i do not understand why
i have a rather normal life. i go to school, i have friends and do stuff with them, and even if my mom is bipolar and has a heavy treatment for it and most of the time i have to look after my brother because he has some bad anxiety, i generally feel like in a loving family. but then i still feel like shit and i really do not understand why. what is even more confusing is that i do not think about it when i am at school and around my friends, except when i say something weird stupid or when i get a question wrong in class, in which case i then blame myself for it and really hate myself for the rest of the day, sometimes even the next day. i tell myself that i am a stupid piece of shit, that i am a monster who hurts everyone around him, that my friends like me just out of pity and that my teachers pray for me to shut the fuck up every time they see me, etc etc. there is also this weird, horrible feeling of not belonging with my friends that i get sometimes, just like when you enter the wrong classroom by accident, like i do not fit in. it is like looking at them just to see how happy and not caring and just enjoying their life they are, and how i simply cannot be like that. but then again it is a state of mind that i am not always in and realizing that makes me think that i am liying to myself and to others, like i am acting a scene just to get some attention that i do not deserve.at the end, i am just here wondering what the fuck is happening to me. people have told me that it kind of sounds like depression, hence why i am posting this here, but i really do not have a fucking clue of what is going on in my life, and i am too afraid to go see a doctor because it would mean telling everything to my mom and i feel like she would not take it seriously, plus she already has enough problems herself. i have also tried psychologists but they are either too expensive in order to be viable on the long term, or it is a cheap alternative that i do not feel comfortable with and that generally does not work for me.and still, these thoughts are killing me.if you have any advice or idea of what it could possibly be or if it is even a real thing at all and not some random casual problem that i am just egoistically complaining about , that would help so me much.thank you very much in advance i feel so fucking empty and i do not understand why
this is just bitching and whining but it feels good if i type it all out on here i have struggled with anxiety a bit as a child but as soon as highschool hit i was totally normal , i know a lot of people hate hated highschool but oh my god those were the easiest and most fun days. junior and senior year i even had a job i would go to after school. fast foward to freshman year college my family moves 10 hours south. holy shit. what happened. its like everything hit me like a truck. a girl i knew online for like 5 years moved in with my family, we both got jobs at target. life seems alright. my girl ends up telling me while drinking with her one night that she slept with her college friend a month after she first came to visit me typical women moment . i felt complete devastation but i forgave her at the time, my grandpa had a similar issue in his relationship and hes been married 50 years. continued to work at target but it got harder and harder. after almost breaking down a few times at work i decided it was time to work on mental health so i quit. therapy was basically paying to talk to an acquaintance every week that would respond to me with bible verses. nothing has changed the past year. i made no friends at target besides a dealer who i bought from but do not even see anymore. i can and have gone to see my friends in my hometown but nothing changes the fact that those good days are gone, and everyone is moving on. just browsing indeed its a bunch of warehouse jobs just like my last one, and i really do not want to be in the same headspace working the same job a year later. i am in college still, but nothing really amazing is going to come of it, its just an aa and i am mainly doing it because i am doing nothing else, it makes my family happy, and its all online anyways. i just feel no enjoyment in life anymore, if my family was not so supportive i do not know what id do or even where id be. alcohol i avoid as it just makes me sad, weed is okay but just makes me paranoid lazy and its disgusting, nicotine is just nasty and makes me puke, cbd is nice as it is legal but it loses it affects after a week or two. video games are alright but get old quick and are expensive. i just find no enjoyment in life rn, working out is great but sadly your body gets tired and you cannot live at the gym. hard to find enjoyment in work now
this is just bitching and whining but it feels good if i type it all out on here i have struggled with anxiety a bit as a child but as soon as highschool hit i was totally normal, i know a lot of people hate hated highschool but oh my god those were the easiest and most fun days. junior and senior year i even had a job i would go to after school. fast foward to freshman year college my family moves 10 hours south. holy shit. what happened. its like everything hit me like a truck. a girl i knew online for like 5 years moved in with my family, we both got jobs at target. life seems alright. my girl ends up telling me while drinking with her one night that she slept with her college friend a month after she first came to visit me typical women moment . i felt complete devastation but i forgave her at the time, my grandpa had a similar issue in his relationship and hes been married 50 years. continued to work at target but it got harder and harder. after almost breaking down a few times at work i decided it was time to work on mental health so i quit. therapy was basically paying to talk to an acquaintance every week that would respond to me with bible verses. nothing has changed the past year. i made no friends at target besides a dealer who i bought from but do not even see anymore. i can and have gone to see my friends in my hometown but nothing changes the fact that those good days are gone, and everyone is moving on. just browsing indeed its a bunch of warehouse jobs just like my last one, and i really do not want to be in the same headspace working the same job a year later. i am in college still, but nothing really amazing is going to come of it, its just an aa and i am mainly doing it because i am doing nothing else, it makes my family happy, and its all online anyways. i just feel no enjoyment in life anymore, if my family was not so supportive i do not know what id do or even where id be. alcohol i avoid as it just makes me sad, weed is okay but just makes me paranoid lazy and its disgusting, nicotine is just nasty and makes me puke, cbd is nice as it is legal but it loses it affects after a week or two. video games are alright but get old quick and are expensive. i just find no enjoyment in life rn, working out is great but sadly your body gets tired and you cannot live at the gym. hard to find enjoyment in work now
just 2 weeks ago got the diagnosis of having bpd borderline personality disorder which basically is a very narrow ability to feel things. it is either very high or very low nothing in between and depression just is a side effect of it. it is not same for everyone but to me it was i never was able to feel things like being in love or like someone. it was either fully love someone or hate of which the love part got lost over the last 10 15 years. all that i have since i was 6 years old... now 40 years later 10 weeks ago it went so heavy and unhandable that i decided to start a therapy. first weeks i thought ah therapy does not help anything maybe better stop it but i was super lucky with the doctor in there i started to build up trust to him which for a borderliner is extremely rare and more weeks went in. at around week 7 or 8 some weird effects kicked in i started to get feelings i never knew before all that stuff that is in between very high and very low which is very irritating because there is no way for me to handle those feelings. some i even cannot name. but i read and i talked to the therapists and found out that this is the way to get around with the illness...next step would be get rid of the self harm and suicidal thoughts and the deep wrath and hate which is my base feeling level only against myself never against another person . problem with that is that this will take around 3 to 7 years. sorry for long intro but now to the problem one of those new feelings is what others would call being in love. have no experience with that feeling and as dumb as it sounds no idea how to handle it i know that usually every teen knows what to do with this feeling and i fell in love with one of the women who also are in therapy where i am. this feeling is so strange and hurts so extremely much that i just had to vent about it to people who may understand it at least a bit. acting towards this feeling is totally impossible to me because i will not know how and it would be super selfish because that woman has her own problems to carry. besides the part that times where women were attracted to me are long gone. i know it is a very long text and that maybe no one has the nerve and or time to read all us. it just had to get out. thanks to all who read anyway and also to those who do not just for being here ! borderline in trouble
so i grew up as a pretty shy, socially anxious child, and amid phases of bullying and teasing at school, i managed to make a handful of close friends in young mid childhood, although at this point still felt very much like an outsider. then i got to secondary school, and made a group of really close friends, some of whom i am still close to to this day. after a childhood that was moderately traumatic and full of fear and anxiety, for a period of time i felt genuinely connected to my close friends, and that i was wanted, liked, etc., despite moments of teasing bullying in secondary school too. now i just feel like i have totally lost the ability to make new, good, close friendships, ones where the conversation flows and you feel totally comfortable. most of the close friendships i have now are from my early secondary school days and even with them i feel like the connection is fading. i feel like i have not made a close friend for years, probably 7 or 8, and i am only 21. it is not like i cannot make friends or acquaintances i can for example at university i have people to do things with, e.g. get coffee, go out for drinks, etc. we know each other, and in fact we know some stuff about each other that is more than just surface level. they were there for me when i had a mental health crisis earlier this year. but it just does not feel the same. we do not laugh, the conversation does not feel natural, i do not feel fully known in the way that a deep friendship let us you feel known and loved and accepted and sometimes i will see my school friends after, say, seeing my uni friends, and it will feel so good, so natural, so easy. obviously this is maybe expected, as i have known my school friends for much longer, but i have also known my uni friends for a solid chunk of time, and i still feel like we are only acquaintances. and it is so frustrating because my school friends are all making new deep friendships at uni, and i feel like i just cannot. it is not like i do not try i do it is just that it never goes any deeper than surface level friendship. and i want to feel the kind of warmth and connection and excitement of meeting a new friend again so badly a feeling i can barely remember. tl dr i cannot feel genuine connection with new people anymore. is this a depression thing? i just want to feel genuine human connection again
everyone s depression stem from the world how can you create your own world to make that depression go away no crazy event in my life make me depressed but the world a a whole doe being like me you see everything i see all the behind the scene shit that go on and it s unfortunate i see everyone for who they truly are my brain is wired to out think everyone because i m a male and use logic i use my logic so much that you come to a point where you see life is actually dogshit thing are such a waste life is rigged and people are actor it s like everything is ruined for me and i can never be happy because my brain see the reality of thing most people live in delusion or a fairy tale like life mean something i see no meaning feel like shit then keep having a snowball affect from being depressed then a the future keep coming i get more behind in this game called life it s like everyone is on their foot running to something meaningless while i sit back and watch the rat so much engine in the world i have a human instinct in me that i wish i never had i distant myself from these human because i hate them all but then the human side kick in and i m lonely because everyone ha feeling i want to create my own reality to make it a fun one living but it s impossible to create my own reality when i have such logical thinking and have to face reality everyday it s so tough because i think a girlfriend would really help me finding meaning and feeling love but i ve never been outgoing in my life because i m just so sad about this reality i have ton of drive and motivation i just need help but can t get nothing because people tend to only help and treat you well when you re in a good spot in life but people who need just some little help don t get it because they appear to be sad and depressed like myself and people shy away from that no real people in this world to help me people find me scary cause i m and have the look of i hate life so no one want to come around me just me please all i need is to feel some fucking love that s it i never had a girlfriend in my life me rn though i m good looking tall and fit i think girl are scared because i see through all the bullshit they only come around when you re winning they never come around and take a chance on you to help create and build a winning man but instead girl wait at the finish line
my life has pretty much been a downward spiral for 9 years now, ever since i permanently injured my right shoulder in gymnasium european equivalent of high school .the injury is what started it all, but as time passed, my depression gradually grew into what it is today, in the beginning it was only negative thoughts about my injury, but as time passed and the negative thoughts got worse, they started seeping into every aspect of my life, until negative, downright self deprecating thoughts became the norm.i no longer feel like i am actually living my life, it feels like i am just going through the motions, most days i just feel numb and i cannot remember what it is like to wake up and be excited about the day ahead. but just to be clear, i have accepted that i do not have it in me to kill myself, but if i am going to continue living, i do not want to continue down the self destructive path i am on. as for the lying part. as of writing this, i am completely broke, on the verge of being kicked out of my apartment and i was kicked out of my university for inactivity 2 months ago and after having studied for 4 years, i am actually happy that i do not have to study anymore, since enrolling was just a thing i did, mainly to have a community to be a part of, but it did not help me and the stress of constantly studying, just added to it all.my family do not know any of this and i have been too scared to tell them all this, but now i have reached a point where i do not care anymore and am actually considering telling them about it all. also because they keep asking me about my studies and my life in general and i just cannot keep lying about it anymore, i cannot keep track of the lies and it is tearing me apart, that this is what my life has become. i am mainly considering telling them, because i have come to the conclusion that i cannot get out of this myself and that i need help. no matter what plans i make to lessen the feeling of hopelessness they all amount to nothing, as the crushing hopelessness of it all, makes it hard to must any energy to do anything but just drift along with whatever happens.i am not someone who usually discusses my feelings or emotional state with people, so any advice is much appreciated. i am considering just telling my family about my depression, so i do not have to lie about my life anymore.
battling with intrusive thoughts tw thoughts of self harm, drug abuse, suicidal thoughts m 22, if you care first things first, i really need to vent right now and dont know if anyone is even gonna read that but i just need to get this out of my head. and sorry, if my english isn't good... so, i've been battling depression for over a decade, i've mostly gotten better after years of therapy and carefully choosing the people around me so i've been pretty stable for a few years with less and less backlashes. today marks the first day after about 3 years where i'm getting extremely intense thoughts about self harming, drug abuse and even suicidal thoughts. i've already been in a pretty bad mood today, overthinking a lot and shit like that and i had to go to social event i didn't really wanna take part in but usually it turns out better than expected. it wasn't like that today. i've felt even worse and useless despite my friends trying to cheer me up and realized that i'm not good at anything. i tried to drink those thoughts away with some cocktails which usually works wonders for me in social events but that just made it worse. since i got home i've just been sitting on my bed and staring at the wall, my thoughts going through a downward spiral. i drank some more and feel better and worse at the same time. i've even got to the point that i noticed another issue i haven't even realized before but makes so much sense comparing it to the events in my life. then i thought of numbing my pain with a method i used years ago, forced myself not to because the scars have almost faded out. then i thought about what drugs i could use to distract my mind, even started to research before i stopped myself and decided to rant here. i'm very aware of my thoughts which makes me instantly feel regretful and even more like a shitty person. i just want to cry and try to vent through that but that's something i still can't do. love society for teaching boys that they aren't allowed to cry. anyways, i hope i can force myself to focus on something else now that i've written this shit down. my mind does feel a bit clearer now without taking some extreme steps. also to everyone reading this i hope you have a great day tomorrow. and maybe we can all fight our inner demons some day and live a better life. just trying to survive one day at a time.
lying manipulating aunt taking advantage of my mom forcing my parent apart stealing money stealing clothes for year and counting i couldn t take it my school grade dropped covid hit couldn t muster up the courage to talk to friend had a drive through high school graduation barely graduated at all no uni plan working at a dollar store just floating on with no motivation or will my sister almost suicided but had the courage to talk about it i attempted more time than i can count but couldn t talk about it the closest to death wa when i wa bleeding so much from my neck i dyed the knife and clothes i wa wearing i tried talking about everything but the attempt but those that know stopped talking to me unless i try first wouldn t it be better if i off myself and get it over with it s not like it matter nothing doe another person will just grow up and fill my spot in society life doesn t matter all life is only equal cause it s equally worthless everything is worthless but the few friend that did help me would hurt but it s better to get it over with like a bandaid instead of make them watch me suffer nothing is going my way i m constantly cry myself to sleep i ve been called wise but it s just watered down suicidal thought coming up in normal conversation religion helped for a bit but it s just more rule on how to live i need help but i don t have the will to do anything i just need someone to comfort me i try hugging myself but it just reminds of how lonely i am every time i try reaching out it just end with a passive one word reply we haven t talked in so long how ve you been doing good just cut me off if you don t like talking to me quit playing these mind game and say it to my face i m seriously messed up am i messed up or is everyone else messed up but that s what s socially acceptable no matter how much i hate the world my mind always try to justify thing or see thing from they re point of view even if it s a blatantly bad thing are my friend bad or am i bad i don t know i just feel sad or numb but cover it with a smile so if i can make a difference in someone s life it s a positive one unlike mine i feel like such an attention seeker by talking about what i m going through maybe being anonymous like this is what s letting me write this it s am again so goodnight we ll see if it s the last time i say that or not
i am 16. unlike a lot of schools mine has groups for just about everyone because it is huge 3000 students . so you have to be especially weird and a true loser to not have friends. of course there is people i bullshit with in class but i have not spoken to anyone except my parents in the last 2 months, i am afraid to go anywhere with my parents for fear of being seen by someone i know from school and being laughed at. it really hits hardest when i am holed up inside watching scp videos in my room on a beautiful day. instead of going out with my friends like literally everyone else, i am watching youtube and working on a summer assignment for ap classes that i would not take if my parents did not demand i work hard in school. they have some delusion that i will be a genius who makes them money. lol. honestly scp is the best fandom for the depressed, it let us me forget how boring the world is and it let us me fantasize about something i would enjoy. the brutal reality is the scp universe is one of very few fictional universes where people like me matter. in real life being a weird science lover who enjoys thinking about stuff without a deadline ruins your life. irl dr. bright would live in his mom's basement. man, it stings to turn off the youtube video or close the article tab and remember real life. that is the other thing. i really want to work as hard as i can to avoid being a parasite. i will work as hard as i need to to play video games and watch scp videos in my own basement. i am not going to let life disappear while ruining my parents financial state. i am planning to study abroad and emigrate to a country most likely belgium better suited for 20 year olds to live alone than america. i also hate when people act like i do not enjoy learning. i do. i just hate having to take tests when i will never produce anything of value for all my work. i like to just think about stuff and read interesting things, i just hate people forcing me to do it. sorry i am rambling again. anyway i have already got an internship as a journalist, so i am trying to get the ball rolling on not living in my parents basement. well, time to go bury my head in fiction to forget my shitty life. the best part about scp? very few relationships. they are a whole organization full of people like me! sunday afternoon and the scp foundation
i got diagnosed with chronic depression when i was 8, i am 19 and its only gotten worse. i cannot even function anymore. i did not even know i was different when i was little, i thought i was normal as a kid and everything was just fine, i had no idea that i was any different. when you ask anyone for advice all anyone will tell you is it will get better, look for the light at the end of the tunnel, after 12 years i have gotten to the point where i realized this will never end, ill never get to a point where ill be happy for more than a few minutes. this will never end, this is my life and there is no overcoming it. i decided at 15 that ill give myself until i am 29 to find something to live for but i know in reality ill never make it that long. i cannot hold a job for more than a year, i damn near flunked out of my first year of college and i am still waiting to hear back on if ill even be allowed to keep my financial aid next year, if i cannot ill have to drop out. i am in school to be a paramedic, the suicide rate for ems is high enough to be offered free therapy and counseling, and who knows if ill even be allowed to practice once i am done with school. i am at the point where i am just waiting for something to topple me over into downing my pills with some alcohol and calling it a day if i get that email back saying i cannot keep my financial aid i know that will be what does me in. i have asked for help so many times from friends and family and professionals and it keeps going unheard, i do not know why i am still hanging on while knowing damn well it will never get better. how are you supposed to look forward to the future when you know there is none that you will be even remotely okay in? i am just so tired and on one hand i really do want to die but on the other i am scared to, i feel like i do not deserve to be admitted or anything because of that reservation and all the ers around here i am familiar enough with due clinical rotations from school that id be better off not even trying to go there for help. i am stuck and all i feel when i am sober is the slight anxiety i have surrounding dying, and that is not even strong enough to deter me without distracting myself with weed or alcohol or jerking off. i do not know what to do. how are you supposed to stay alive when you know there is know other side?
i really need to vent. i need somewhere to let this out. forgive me if i ramble. it is been hard to focus. today has been especially difficult. i woke up and i have been laying in bed with my lights off most of the day.. close to a year and a half ago i lost both of my children because i was unfit.. my mental health as well as having ended up in a relationship that nearly cost me my life.. several times. i felt trapped and lost everything before i could get myself together enough to get out.. now i am 25 back at my mother's house and only seeing my girls once a week for an hour.. the other day when planning my weekly visit, their father texted me that i would be unable to see them this week because they were in a wreck and totaled the truck.. he said the girls were fine but he could not even call me.. it made me realize that i was so far gone that he could not even be bothered to tell me that our children were involved in a car wreck.. today i suppose it all finally settled in. anytime i would exit my room for anything my mother would put me on the spot in front of everyone. i am fine i would say. to which her response was always something snarky followed by well you do not look fine . i do not like when people point it out when i am like this.. it makes me feel small.. my voice is never heard because someone always has it worse . i agree, but that does not mean i am not in pain.. so i closed myself off and began to sob again... my step dad, who i have never really bonded with, came into my room and allowed me to talk.. then he spoke. shared some information that he had not even shared with my mom about his past and his mental health struggles.. it was nice. then my mom came in upset because he did not tell her where he was going.. began to joke and play around like everything was fine. he had to tell her that this conversation was not about her.. she took that as a joke also.. she expressed that her and my grandfather had been discussing therapy and medication options for me. which i am opposed to and she is aware. i can function like a normal person.. i just have my days where i cannot hold it in anymore.. when my step dad left i had to endure being her personal therapist because she had the blahs and i am not the only one that suffers .. i need encouragement.. i just need hope.. something. kind words needed
i got diagnosed with chronic depression when i was 8, i am 19 and its only gotten worse. i cannot even function anymore. i did not even know i was different when i was little, i thought i was normal as a kid and everything was just fine, i had no idea that i was any different. when you ask anyone for advice all anyone will tell you is it will get better, look for the light at the end of the tunnel, after 12 years i have gotten to the point where i realized this will never end, ill never get to a point where ill be happy for more than a few minutes. this will never end, this is my life and there is no overcoming it. i decided at 15 that ill give myself until i am 29 to find something to live for but i know in reality ill never make it that long. i cannot hold a job for more than a year, i damn near flunked out of my first year of college and i am still waiting to hear back on if ill even be allowed to keep my financial aid next year, if i cannot ill have to drop out. i am in school to be a paramedic, the suicide rate for ems is high enough to be offered free therapy and counseling, and who knows if ill even be allowed to practice once i am done with school. i am at the point where i am just waiting for something to topple me over into downing my pills with some alcohol and calling it a day if i get that email back saying i cannot keep my financial aid i know that will be what does me in. i have asked for help so many times from friends and family and professionals and it keeps going unheard, i do not know why i am still hanging on while knowing damn well it will never get better. how are you supposed to look forward to the future when you know there is none that you will be even remotely okay in? i am just so tired and on one hand i really do want to die but on the other i am scared to, i feel like i do not deserve to be admitted or anything because of that reservation and all the ers around here i am familiar enough with due clinical rotations from school that id be better off not even trying to go there for help. i am stuck and all i feel when i am sober is the slight anxiety i have surrounding dying, and that is not even strong enough to deter me without distracting myself with weed or alcohol or jerking off. i do not know what to do. how are you supposed to stay alive when you know there is know other side?
every day at some point, at least once, my brain reminds me of how weak i am and how much i fail. my girlfriend is out of town for the moment and i have been avoiding telling her how i am feeling because i do not want to take away from the fun she is having with her friend in maine. there is so much i want to tell her, so much i need to tell her. i am falling apart and its my fault like it always is, and i do not know if i can step foot in our favorite ramen place ever again. i am sorry i continue to fail and i can never succeed in being normal .for context, me and my girlfriend of almost 19 months are very close and happy with one another, but one of her best friends constantly makes me feel uncomfortable due to events in the past and how she would be dry with me but not as dry with him in our group chat that i have been gone from since that day it was her birthday, and she asked if i could go along with said friend, who i am uncomfortable with. i told her its your birthday, of course you can and she asked her friend to come. and she was worried before, and she asked me if i would be uncomfortable, and i told her no. and i failed her. i was so uncomfortable, the whole day i was falling apart, and she trusted that id be fine. she trusted me and i disappointed her. for most of the day, i wanted to push myself to talk to her but as she was mostly with said friend, i could not do it, and was trying to give myself as much space as i could. i know i am such a pussy. i was falling apart and i was breaking down. i just stuck with her dad while the two of them walked around. when we went to said ramen store with all four of us i left at some point to sit outside and try to calm myself down. and later on when the day was finished we talked about the day and we talked about how badly i hurt her and how badly i made her feel, that she could not even talk to me on her day. i am so fucking sick of myself, i try to be the best i can yet i somehow fail. its been a week since that day and were both trying to forget about the pain it still haunts me so much even though she is forgiven me for it. remnants of that day tear me up and knock me down, and i just want to get away from it. i want to hit myself. i am sorry for everything, i am sorry i did not do enough. my mistakes continue to torture me in my head at least once a day
every day at some point, at least once, my brain reminds me of how weak i am and how much i fail. my girlfriend is out of town for the moment and i have been avoiding telling her how i am feeling because i do not want to take away from the fun she is having with her friend in maine. there is so much i want to tell her, so much i need to tell her. i am falling apart and its my fault like it always is, and i do not know if i can step foot in our favorite ramen place ever again. i am sorry i continue to fail and i can never succeed in being normal.for context, me and my girlfriend of almost 19 months are very close and happy with one another, but one of her best friends constantly makes me feel uncomfortable due to events in the past and how she would be dry with me but not as dry with him in our group chat that i have been gone from since that day it was her birthday, and she asked if i could go along with said friend, who i am uncomfortable with. i told her its your birthday, of course you can and she asked her friend to come. and she was worried before, and she asked me if i would be uncomfortable, and i told her no. and i failed her. i was so uncomfortable, the whole day i was falling apart, and she trusted that id be fine. she trusted me and i disappointed her. for most of the day, i wanted to push myself to talk to her but as she was mostly with said friend, i could not do it, and was trying to give myself as much space as i could. i know i am such a pussy. i was falling apart and i was breaking down. i just stuck with her dad while the two of them walked around. when we went to said ramen store with all four of us i left at some point to sit outside and try to calm myself down. and later on when the day was finished we talked about the day and we talked about how badly i hurt her and how badly i made her feel, that she could not even talk to me on her day. i am so fucking sick of myself, i try to be the best i can yet i somehow fail. its been a week since that day and were both trying to forget about the pain it still haunts me so much even though she is forgiven me for it. remnants of that day tear me up and knock me down, and i just want to get away from it. i want to hit myself. i am sorry for everything, i am sorry i did not do enough. my mistakes continue to torture me in my head at least once a day
i hate my life. as the title states, i hate my fucking life. there is nothing redeemable or meaningful about my existence. i clean toilets for just above minimum wage to get by. everyday is a sisyphean nightmare, i scrub the literal shit just for there to be more shit. endless shit, such is life. it s funny because everyone tells me i can do so much more, but is that truly so? i hate everything about everything yet have no real motivation to change. i m just so tired all the time. little background to paint the pathetic picture, i m in my late twenties and live with my parents. i ve had no remaining friends for several years now for the better , have had a suspended license for 4 years, and my only sibling hasn t talked to me in years. my parents and girlfriend are the last remaining positive things in my life, yet personal guilt blocks my appreciation of them. i honestly don t deserve them. why they haven t discarded me like everyone else is beyond me. i m a pathetic, self absorbed, alcoholic blister. the only time i don t experience crippling anxiety and the hollowness of my self inflicted sadness is when skirting the line of a blackout. i have embarrassed my girlfriend and parents countless times. despite my best efforts, i m not a likeable person, even when sober. i hate that i have to not drink two days a week, otherwise the familiar beast of physical dependence comes knocking on my decrepit door. i m not sure why i m even bothering to write all this. it s not like i m capable or even worthy of change. i got cleaned up and worked a 12 step program rigorously for over a year in the past. tried to convince myself that i could even make healthy friends and live a normal life. i also went on prozac, which made only a negligible difference except for the broken dick. that facade quickly crumbled once i realized that people like me are simply not meant to be happy. i lived in nothing more than a hopeful fantasy all that time. in the end there isn t much else to say. life just isn t fair, and i haven t the energy to even complain anymore. the 18 yearold who locked 13 yearold me in his garage and shot me with a bb gun is a rich corporate lawyer. the highschool team mate who regularly beat my ass is an investment manager for merryl lynch. if there weren t losers like me, then there wouldn t be winners like them.
hopeless and want hope i do not know where to begin. i found out my mom has stage 2 lung cancer and we have a complicated relationship. i love her but i do not like her as a person. she was very controlling, toxic and rough. i know she had the best intentions for me but she used shame to inspire me to be what she wanted. she helped to make me a people pleaser and obsessed with my weight. i do not hate her. i love her. i hate that i am not the daughter she wanted. she is trying to be kind now but it does not come naturally to her. i try to visit my folks every 2 months to help out as i am several states away. i am very sad as when my folks pass, they are both in their 80 s, i will not have any family of origin. i get sad thinking about attending a funeral. it is not sadness. it is deeper. i do not think i would be able to get on a plane. i think about this as my mom has let me know that i have to. i told her that i do not care what other people think. that is a lie. i do care deeply what others think. i am crying right now. it is more than my mom being sick. i grew up being told i was fat and told that everyone was talking about me. i know she just wanted a thin daughter and did not have the tools to tell me she would love me just as i am but was concerned about my health. she would just use guilt and shame to make me feel bad. i think she wanted to inspire me with these tactics. she and my dad both had rough childhoods and did not know how to parent. they sent me to good schools, bought me everything i wanted and tried their best with the limited knowledge they had. still crying and feeling hopeless. i feel that my life has been so much to please them. and i failed according to them. they are both trying very hard to be loving now. i did not receive hugs growing up and do now. i am rambling. i just am very sensitive. i think my self esteem is so low that i do not know how to receive love now. please tell me if you had a complex relationship with a parent and how you handled end of life issues. how did you cope with a dying parent who made you feel like a failure ? how do you go on after being told how terrible you are? why was she so rough? why did it take her finding out she has cancer to hug me and tell me i look good? why? will i find happiness after she dies? why do i hate myself? why why why and thanks.
this is a really long rant but i just needed to get it out i feel like i m starting to become a better version of myself one that people like respect and want to be around and i just can t stop beating myself up for not being this version in college when i wa nearly suicidal and i lost some friend who kept abandoning me and affirming the horrible thought i wa already having last year one of my roommate lowkey bullied me and i started to believe i wa a terrible person and wa overthinking everything i ever said wrong especially when a couple other friend abandoned me at the same time over something they were upset i said which i think could have been resolved with communication but they didn t try but i talked to my other former roommate recently and she said that i wa fine that i didn t deserve any of it and she didn t know what i wa going through at the time a she said don t just turn the page close the fucking book and i started to feel like i wa getting closure about stuff so i thought i would text one of the other people who sort of broke up with me it s been a year i just apologized for how shit went down in the friend group without blaming her or anyone else and really poured my heart out about how dark my mental health wa at the time and i said she could apologize to the other girl who i believe blocked me if she wanted i know it wa a little selfish to unload like that but i made sure to say that i didn t expect anything of her and she didn t need to respond and she didn t reply but she did like my instagram post today i know they don t owe me anything and i swear i m not mad but i think part of me wa still holding on hope to some form of closure part of me hoped that they still cared that maybe they would care a little if they knew how dark it wa for me at the time i know that s selfish but damn the last few time we hung out were just me doing her favor and giving her ride before she broke up with me a a friend so to speak but no one cared a soon a i wasn t a fun friend they bounced at the first sign of conflict mental illness and again i m not mad i m not gon na harass anyone with text expectation but it really fucking suck to feel like i ve been going through this horrific and terrifying period just to discover that no one cared it wouldn t have mattered if they knew they just couldn t be bothered
things have already been shitty for the past few months. i tried to keep my friendship with someone who i felt like i was growing apart from, but then kept getting all clingy and annoying because i was afraid i was losing him . well a couple nights ago i decided to clarify something through text. the next morning yesterday he only said one thing to me but did not say anything to me for the rest of the day. today he did not say a word to me. so i guess i lost him. i am just so sad and upset because i miss our friendship. i miss it so much and now its gone. on the bright side i at least have my other coworker who i have been chilling with on the tailgate of his truck during our breaks. we talk about random shit and i just feel so much better, until i get back inside. were both down about work so we just go outside and vent until we have to go back inside. i am always looking forward to it. i know there will be some days where well have different breaks and one day when were both going to be gone, so i am just enjoying it while it lasts because it seems like every good thing gets taken away from me. but on top of my depression, i decided it would be cool to hurt myself even more and see what my hs crush is up to. it seems as though hes been getting serious with someone and i am happy for him but my hormones have been out of control my insurance does not cover my birth control anymore, and i use it to regulate my periods, so its been fucking me up so i am extremely sensitive to everything. my crush is not even my main focus right now. he always is and that is what occupies my mind lol but i saw something innocent that made my stomach sink and it was not even that serious. here is the link that summarizes it for reference. i also mentioned that i am considering seeing a therapist. i have been looking on and off because my insurance is shit and most of them do not even take my insurance. i am planning on maybe hiking myself this weekend and going to an amusement park with my friend next weekend. i know i need to get out there i feel better when i do. work depresses me and it does not help when someone you needed the most is not there for you. again, i have my other coworker who i can count on. he always cheers me up. but i am just sad every time i go to work and see coworker 1. i really miss our friendship. blah
i am in a place in life where i feel so numb. so tired of my toxic mother. stupid bitch. and this constant changing of day to night and night to day. i always feel like crying inside screaming. a few weeks ago i stopped my medications due to weight gain. i am not that much obese but it feels very uncomfortable gaining weight. doctor told me to do exercises along with the medications. but i could not follow the word. i feel so empty. confused and irritated about people and society. but i just want to feel loving someone. live in the fantasy of love without the knowledge of love is a fake thing. like i did years ago. man or woman. completely platonically. i just want to leave home. i watch yt videos of people going to jungle and survive. it gives me excitement. but i know i cannot just stand up and walk into the jungle. i do not know what i am trying to tell here. i am just typing my feelings rn. i would not post this maybe. maybe i will post this. if i decided to post this at the end it would not be from my original account because i think someone i know may identify me somehow. i just do not know what i am expecting from you by doing this. i just need to feel calm. i have this dire feeling of leaving society. for good. i just want to go far away. i feel like i cannot trust anyone in the world. in my fantasies i would like to meet a person a man or a woman who thinks and feels just like me. hug him her and cry until i do not have tears anymore. but i know it is just fantasy. do not know what i really want. my brain is battling over multiple thoughts at the same time. for short periods of time i feel happiness. for short periods of time i believe in real intimate human connections. until very immediately i realize it is just fucking fake. i do not want to die. i think i am not suicidal. onetime in life many years ago, i decided to die but i could not complete it right at the point. i was afraid of sth. i had hope that things can change over time. but so far it did not. actually i think that if things have gotten worse. i wish things change soon for better. because it is just painful now. this feeling is intolerable. suffocating. i do not know how others do it. the 'normal people'. i cannot put together words to describe my feelings correctly. i am confused. i feel brain fogged. i want to go to the jungle...
j'ai 16 ans ,je suis un introverti , trs timide j'ai peu d'ami et en vrai j'ai l'impression que mon amour pour eu n'est pas rciproque comme si j'tais tt le temps la 5eme roue du carrosse... en dirai que je suis vide sans motion ,je vois les autres avoir des copines flirter ect ... mais moi impossible ,suis je anormal ?en plus je crois que a ne m'intresse pas rien ne m'intresse sur terre .... j'aime bien tre avec des gens mais en mme temps non j'adore rest seul devant mon tlphone j'aime pas sortir.. ce qui accrot ma sensations de vide et de perte de temps . j'ai un ami spciale que j'aime beaucoup je sais que c'est un amour totalement impossible mais je lui text tjr je veux juste lui parler sauf que je me suis attach et lui bah il ne veut mme pas tre ami avec moi ,a me fait chier ,il est l'incarnation de ce que j'aurais voulu tre genre sociale sportif beau dragueur intressant ,bcp d'ami, intelligent,avec une personnalit quoi .. j'ai pas de personnalit je suis juste la .a chaque fois que je vois quelqu'un je me lamente sur ma sale vie , je voulais juste tre normal a la base , en plus des putain de rseau sociaux me soul instagram avec leur vie parfaite et leur corps bien sculpter , et les sale races de story sur facebook ou il montre tous qu'il on une vie , sa me rend pas triste mais sa me dgote , j'ai juste envie de dormir putain ,que je ne me rveille plus , ou juste ne plus exister ,,, je sais pas j'ai merd quelques par dans le pass ,je suis pas dpressif just dprim tout le temps,je sais pas si quelqu'un va m'accepter un jour comme je suis ,je crois que je vais pas me marier vie et rester seul ... je sais pas pourquoi mais sa me fait ni chaud ni froid , j'ai pas envie de l'tre bien sr mais j'ai pas la moindre ide de comment changer et j'ai la flemme ,0 motivation, 0 ambition aussi j'ai l'impression que mon futur se limite rien je suis stupide ,.... j'ai juste envie que quelqu'un m'coute , j'ai besoin d'attention et j'en reois littralement 0 mme pas par ma famille en dirai que je suis hors champ totalement... il est 4h du mat sa fait des heures que je pleure j'aurais voulu que sa se passe autrement mais je m'aime pas en mm temps si je dteste ma bouche mes dent ma tte ma sale gueule ma dmarche ... mon sourire ma fminit, ma non sportivit,pas de virilit , mon homosexualit ...bref ma vie my life use translator
j'ai 16 ans ,je suis un introverti , trs timide j'ai peu d'ami et en vrai j'ai l'impression que mon amour pour eu n'est pas rciproque comme si j'tais tt le temps la 5eme roue du carrosse... en dirai que je suis vide sans motion ,je vois les autres avoir des copines flirter ect ... mais moi impossible ,suis je anormal ?en plus je crois que a ne m'intresse pas rien ne m'intresse sur terre .... j'aime bien tre avec des gens mais en mme temps non j'adore rest seul devant mon tlphone j'aime pas sortir.. ce qui accrot ma sensations de vide et de perte de temps . j'ai un ami spciale que j'aime beaucoup je sais que c'est un amour totalement impossible mais je lui text tjr je veux juste lui parler sauf que je me suis attach et lui bah il ne veut mme pas tre ami avec moi ,a me fait chier ,il est l'incarnation de ce que j'aurais voulu tre genre sociale sportif beau dragueur intressant ,bcp d'ami, intelligent,avec une personnalit quoi .. j'ai pas de personnalit je suis juste la .a chaque fois que je vois quelqu'un je me lamente sur ma sale vie , je voulais juste tre normal a la base , en plus des putain de rseau sociaux me soul instagram avec leur vie parfaite et leur corps bien sculpter , et les sale races de story sur facebook ou il montre tous qu'il on une vie , sa me rend pas triste mais sa me dgote , j'ai juste envie de dormir putain ,que je ne me rveille plus , ou juste ne plus exister ,,, je sais pas j'ai merd quelques par dans le pass ,je suis pas dpressif just dprim tout le temps,je sais pas si quelqu'un va m'accepter un jour comme je suis ,je crois que je vais pas me marier vie et rester seul ... je sais pas pourquoi mais sa me fait ni chaud ni froid , j'ai pas envie de l'tre bien sr mais j'ai pas la moindre ide de comment changer et j'ai la flemme ,0 motivation, 0 ambition aussi j'ai l'impression que mon futur se limite rien je suis stupide ,.... j'ai juste envie que quelqu'un m'coute , j'ai besoin d'attention et j'en reois littralement 0 mme pas par ma famille en dirai que je suis hors champ totalement... il est 4h du mat sa fait des heures que je pleure j'aurais voulu que sa se passe autrement mais je m'aime pas en mm temps si je dteste ma bouche mes dent ma tte ma sale gueule ma dmarche ... mon sourire ma fminit, ma non sportivit,pas de virilit , mon homosexualit ...bref ma vie my life use translator
i find it so frustrating as a highly anxious and depressed person to do career tests because they rely on your passion for specific activities and i find myself answering i dislike it very much to the various questions e.g,. working in construction, healthcare, finance, whatever . i've been trying to get back to work again because it seems my severe depression and anxiety won't go away and there is only so much medication and therapy can help me. of course, i haven't tried every kind of therapy but what had been offered to me at low cost. but i've tried many medications. anyhow, i feel very frustrated because after trying couple of online part time jobs like writing marketing stuff on websites and finding myself not motivated enough to work sufficient hours to make ends meet, i'm trying to start from zero again and do some career tests to find what motivates me. but those tests don't offer some magical information but just rely on what you're passionate about. like they give you 50 questions and ask you how much you like doing different activities, like installing cabinets, diagnosing disease in people, giving financial advice to someone wanting to get a loan, helping a disabled person get dressed, playing a musical instrument in front of an audience, taking care of sick animals, etc etc etc. i hate them all! none of these activities excite me. because having a job is always about what others expect of you. but mental illness sucks so much of your energy that there is so little left for the job. like if i'm a cashier, my high anxiety and depression and the various thoughts and emotions and physical symptoms i experience will take so much of my energy to control and nothing left to put on a smile and make a customer feel welcome and at the same time do my job of scanning items very quickly and correctly. that's why i've been trying to find jobs that are just online and things i can do on my own time, so that whenever the damned mental health issues give me a break then i can do the job. the problem is there are too many people doing these jobs and they pay so little that i've had to start looking at other options. damn it, i don't know what i want to hear from you, to be honest, i mean i already am so filled with self hatred and hatred for the world, i am working myself into anger just writing about it.
so i 22f was depressed for about 6 months. i blocked everyone out except my boyfriend who was the person who prevented from killing myself when i was alone. i could not do it because hes the last person who would even get depressed and somehow he just understands this issue so well. and i do not want to scar him for life. luckily i got over it without meds. i started to wanting to be with my friends again. being more present. started thinking about others and wanting to do some stuff for myself. however these past weeks i feel like i am going back to that numb place. i had an episode where i stayed in bed all day because i did not want to meet a cousin of mine and i just feel shitty and anxious af for not doing it, like full depression mode for like 3 days. the sabotage part is i told him i would meet him the day before, and then i wake up and this huge feeling of not wanting to do it but knowing i am going to let someone down, completely takes over me. and i feel like i do this a lot but in other situations.i ghost people so easily its ridiculous. i do not even feel like replying to my friends i am not on social media either cuz its just crazy to me now how people have energy for that , it takes so much of my energy. i only have energy for keeping myself alive and not wanting to kill myself, which is so selfish and such a difficult situation do describe to other people. i know how it is to be happy. but i have not in years. also i totally despise the way we live as a society, this fucked up capitalist system and being part of it. i really wish i had the ambition to get out of it, its something that really bothers me as well.i do smoke weed regularly and no, if i go off it does not make things better or worse. it just helps not being so suffocated sometimes. i know this is all over the place but i just want to know what it has worked for you. i feel like i have 3 options start taking meds which i really did not want to because my family has a history of dependency meds alcohol , and i have an addiction to weed however i can go without smoking it for several days. but i still consider it an addition because its like a cushion for my mind, everybody has addictions i try to go full unabomber mode without the bombs ofc i kill myself. after my depression and happy period, i feel like i am sabotaging myself
severe physical, emotional, psychological abuse, ptsd, addiction, depression, s al ideation, self infliction and multiple attempts for a culmination of 15 years. i have read reddit for many years but made very few posts, so i hope maybe by the end of this something will come of it that may help another reader. after over a decade of struggling and being afraid to come forward, i finally started seeing a doctor, therapist, and psychiatrist about a year ago. two days ago was the 1 year anniversary of when my siblings found me hanging and cut the rope. i have tried so many medications, multiple therapists, and different new age attempts at rewiring my brain through the psychiatrist. i still feel as though i know nothing, despite being in my final semester of a bachelors degree. if you asked me anything from any class i have taken, i could not tell you a thing. on paper though, it looks as if i have passed everything with as. i feel as though i cannot retrieve any memories, cannot formulate any conversation, and have no desire to make friends. i just want to be alone. recently i can feel that i am falling back into the black. my thoughts dwell on my longing for death to peacefully take me away from all of this pain. the people around me view me as stupid, a klutz, an idiot, i have even had people tell me they thought i was r tarded or mentally handicapped before. i often wonder if i am, and if people are playing along with me. in my heart and soul i know something is wrong with my brain, i just do not know what it is. and doctors refuse to listen. i feel myself falling back into wanting to hurt or because pain. wanting to indulge in darkness. i do not know what to do. the doctors, psychiatrist, and therapist are not available when i can see them, and their responses have basically been oh well, guess you do not want to see us bad enough. i have no money and cannot afford to take one day off to see them. i feel like i have exhausted all branches of help. tldr ptsd, anxiety, depression, addiction, used therapy, doctors, and medication, falling back to depression and su idal ideation. what helps you? you, reading this, personally? what suggestions do you have that might help someone falling back into the pits of despair and hopelessness? thank you falling slow motion off the ladder back into the dark abyss
i am a 16 year old girl who is been struggling with seasonal depression and anxiety all my life. it is always been a cycle where the anxiety goes away in the winter but the depression becomes worse and in the summer the depression becomes easier but i get quite a lot of anxiety. since 4 years back i also have feelings of unreality possibly derealization but i am being treated for just depression right now and it makes my life feel completely meaningless. i struggle with school, mostly because i cannot see myself living long enough to get a job so i do not really have a lot of motivation. i have tried to talk to my parents about it since i was very little, but they did not take my mental health seriously until i started cutting myself, which i later swapped out for binge eating when my parents confronted me about it and made me go to therapy. i have a great psychologist now and i take 2 kinds of antidepressants daily, but i am not going to see my psychologist until august.in december, the day after my 16th birthday my dad got me a job. i only accepted it to not dissapoint my parents, and when i look back at it it was really stupid of them to get me a job when i was barely managing to pass school. the job is being a supermarket clerk... i basically go around unpacking stuff and putting them in their place. it would be alright if i at least had someone to talk to. but i have social anxiety and everyone who works there are either cool kids or a lot older than me. i do not have any friends, not even internet friends. my top 3 friends are 1. my oldest cat 2. my brother 3. the two other cats. so i guess you can see how i cannot talk to people. i have had friends and even a boyfriend in the past, but i cannot seem to remember how i even got them. anyways, i hate just being alone with my thoughts, which is what happens for 5 hours straight at my job. i do not even talk to customers unless it is just saying hi or helping them find something in the store.i am willing to get another part time job as long as i get to pick it. photography is the only thing i am proud of and i am thinking about going full time trying to be the best photographer i can. but just working at a caf or something would be a lot nicer. how do i talk to my parents about this? our communication sucks and we are not too close. i hate my job
i think i have an eating disorder, and here is why.i think it started at the end of my final year of secondary school. i lived fad away from my school and there was no buses in my area so every morning and every evening i would walk 5 miles every day, which is a lot of cardio to be doing 5 times a week. i would also not eat in the day. i would skip breakfast because i would be exhausted and would not wake up early enough to make breakfast during this time i was late to school a lot and then i would skip lunch and i would have a small healthy snack for morning break like an apple or a packet of sunbites. then i would go home and not have anything to eat until dinner, and i would not finish my dinner. i would also force myself to drink a lot of water throughout the day now i have left school i am on this journey to glow up or get healthy but i just feel like i am making myself sicker. i have certain foods i have stayed away from for over a year so now i feel like this eating disorder has been here for longer than 3 months... i cannot eat flavoured yoghurt because my brain says that has pure sugar in it i cannot drink cordeal like vimto because my brain says that has pure sugar in it bro even orange juice, but i can compensate with my rain with orange juice because my brains says even though orange juice is pure sugar...it has vitamins so you can drink it eating white bread makes me have this insatiable feeling of guilt but i eat white bread because its what my family eat and i do not want them to be suspicious. my brain says white bread will kill you early also, i do not eat cereal except bran because i believe that has too much sugar in it. i do not eat processed meat anymore like ham because it makes me feel guilty or when i do have it because i do not want to make my family suspicious i feel that insatiable feeling of guilt again. even whole milk makes me feel guilty. i also hate when my parents buy junk food because i have to eat that...it takes over my life, and everyday i obsess over what i will eat and if it will be healthy enough . every one of my meals has to have a vegetable or fruit on it and i have to drink a lot of water strictly just water everyday or i get anxiety. its controlling my life...what do i do? i am sixteen years old if anyone wants to know. i think i have an eating disorder
hello, i want to apologize for the very low level of english i have, i am not a native english speaker. i have been diagnosed with depression and have had tbis with a psychiatrist since 2017. it has been very episodic as it is depression that starts through trauma or ptsd. i come to seek help here because my appointments are too short and distant from each other. i am looking for advice discussion about this, although i have done this a lot in the past and feel like i have heard it all. currently in my life it is rather quiet. no big event for 3 weeks, things are stable at this level. in fact, i want to completely detach myself from human relationships and even emotionally from things, already that i am ultra jaded and bored by everyone music, sport, video games, literature, animated, ... my passions do not stimulate me not as much as before. i also have all the things that i like my madeleine de proust which fall, become null or stop lately. i am an only child and have a great relationship with my parents, but having to see their health deteriorate and the fact that my mother almost died of illness recently plays a big role. i have also experienced a lot of relationship disappointments, even i have hardly experienced that. recently i have seen the true thoughts of my rare strong relationships. it hurts me but i accepted that deep down i get too attached and that all relationships are led to an end. time erodes them and if it is not time it will be weariness. i have heard everything at this level, i have introspected a lot, applied advice but i only come to one conclusion i have to detach myself emotionally from things. everything ended up going badly in my life, hope made me suffer and i literally have no purpose in life anymore. i do not feel like killing myself, but i am tired and jaded with life. literally everything is bad, everything sucks and it does not even make me want to try something new because things go wrong every time. level of relationships, in love it is too complex and it causes more problems than good things and in friendship i believe that the true friendship that we see in the works does not exist. i have a strong relationship but i think i got too attached and i make the same mistakes over and over. in short what do you think? i no longer have faith in human relationships
i am so done. i have to deal with my parents constantly breaking down my confidence that i am trying to work on and being very mentally abusive. i get comments about my weight, my intelligence, my clothing style, my actions, etc. i cannot even breath without being judged. my parents like to twist the word respect so i get treated like shit but then i have to walk on eggshells when i am around them. it is not like i am a bad kid. i have a's b's, planning for college, never get into any trouble, yet i am constantly ridiculed like i am the worst kid in the world. then i have my friends where recently they have been judging me as well for multiple things. they make my parents sound like they are the best and chillest parents ever when they have no idea what happens behind closed doors. i have adhd and anxiety and one of the things that i do is that i cannot function if my hands are dry so i carry around lotion with me. every time i would take out the lotion they would give me a weird look. they also like to call me out on a lot of things or call me names just at random and it does not help my already not very mental state. my one friend has called me a 'pig' before on multiple occasions and always has to point out my sh scars and call them 'tic tac toe' like its some sort of joke when all it does is make me want to cut again. i am trying so hard to work on myself and work on my confidence but i feel like i am suffocating. oh also to mention i have found out alcohol causes my spiraling thoughts to temporarily go away so now i am trying not to start an addiction to either sh or alcohol but i have no one to fucking help me or be there for me without having that feeling of being judged. i also had my girlfriend try to hurt herself and her homophobic parents found out about us so now i have not heard from her for over 2 weeks. i am trying to cope with everything and no one even seems to care. i am just a fucking kid yet i feel like everyone is treating me like i should know how to fix every single problem i have. i want someone to hold my hand and tell me it is going to be okay. i want that embrace of a hug that makes me feel like all my problems have gone away. i want help. i want to be happy like how i was when i was younger. why did i have to grow up so fast. i am done with constant mental abuse
my whole fucking life has been full of mental and physical abuse ever since i was a kid weird shit has been happening. been abused by my moms bf for 15 years after my dad left from doing something that fucked up the whole families reputation and flow. i was like 4 so i barley remember him. but i do remember he was a pos just for my mom to get another piece of shit 2 weeks later. my whole life i have been subjected to violence and mental torture the shit they used to do and yell at each other is unremarkable and kids should not beim out of energy. i should have jumped off that bridge but things turn full circle. full circle back into where i got broken in the first placethe only thing that will make me feel better is going off the grid leaving this phone behind and becoming homeless. my mental health has been decreasing. and there nothing i can do about itshe kept me locked away inside for 2 3 years 2 3 fucking years of a teenagers life who the fuck does thagthen she glt another pos after she broke things off with the other abusive shit. i have gotten into fist fights for 16 years straight. not a year i have missed without seeing violence. and its taken a toll out of me. and now that its just me my sister and mom. they think they can act like nothing ever happened. like they did not expose me to shit that would make a normal person blow their fucking head offshe touched me sexually as a child and i am younger so she is fucked up in the fucking head. i hate her i hope she fucking dies. she is always nagging at my flaws and what i cannot do in life. all welll knowing i cannot confront her about it same with my mom, she fakes mental health to escape responsibilities.she was fine when we were not living with her. now that were in a tough spot and have to live with the person who broken us in the first place . i cannot handle itwe have no more family. i do not want to look at them or talk to them anymore man i am fucking tired of it. they deny everything i been throug. i have never had anyone to express my feelings to. all the while they had enabling bfs to go and run to. they will never see their greedy fucking actions only what i have ever done well guess what you are going to fucking regret what is coming you stupid bitches i do not deserve the shit i have been getting for years by my blood
my whole fucking life has been full of mental and physical abuse ever since i was a kid weird shit has been happening. been abused by my moms bf for 15 years after my dad left from doing something that fucked up the whole families reputation and flow. i was like 4 so i barley remember him. but i do remember he was a pos just for my mom to get another piece of shit 2 weeks later. my whole life i have been subjected to violence and mental torture the shit they used to do and yell at each other is unremarkable and kids should not beim out of energy. i should have jumped off that bridge but things turn full circle. full circle back into where i got broken in the first placethe only thing that will make me feel better is going off the grid leaving this phone behind and becoming homeless. my mental health has been decreasing. and there nothing i can do about itshe kept me locked away inside for 2 3 years 2 3 fucking years of a teenagers life who the fuck does thagthen she glt another pos after she broke things off with the other abusive shit. i have gotten into fist fights for 16 years straight. not a year i have missed without seeing violence. and its taken a toll out of me. and now that its just me my sister and mom. they think they can act like nothing ever happened. like they did not expose me to shit that would make a normal person blow their fucking head offshe touched me sexually as a child and i am younger so she is fucked up in the fucking head. i hate her i hope she fucking dies. she is always nagging at my flaws and what i cannot do in life. all welll knowing i cannot confront her about it same with my mom, she fakes mental health to escape responsibilities.she was fine when we were not living with her. now that were in a tough spot and have to live with the person who broken us in the first place . i cannot handle itwe have no more family. i do not want to look at them or talk to them anymore man i am fucking tired of it. they deny everything i been throug. i have never had anyone to express my feelings to. all the while they had enabling bfs to go and run to. they will never see their greedy fucking actions only what i have ever done well guess what you are going to fucking regret what is coming you stupid bitches i do not deserve the shit i have been getting for years by my blood
the last time i made a real friend was in the 1st grade. i do not mean irl, either. i mean a friend as in someone i can be myself around and feel that they want to keep engaging with me. the last of my real friendships fizzled out before i was 15. i grew up sheltered from the hardships of life, but at the same time, i was stunted from growth because the only person i could learn from was an abusive alcoholic older brother. he kept me alive, but prevented me from learning how to be normal . so i retreated as far as i could, to the point where it got physical. in the last years of middle school, i stopped applying myself in school, doing nothing with my time except reading or being absent minded. after my first year of highschool, at the age of 17, i ran away. i took a bus to my hometown and tried to reconnect with old friends. i had fun for a few months, and i learned a lot of essential things both about myself and about the real world. then, as suddenly as it began, it ended. i had burned any bridge that could keep me where i wanted to be.i called my brother, begged forgiveness, and came back to him. he had not changed at all. it clashed violently with my newfound outlook on life, and his abuse reached an all time high for the remainder of my 17th and 18th years on earth. my depression came back, but i did not retreat. i fought back, mentally and physically. eventually the abuse stopped completely. i do not know why really. but i was left in a position where my brother was my life source, and at the same time, i did everything in my power to not engage with him.i am 23 now. i have been in the same position since then. in the handful of years past, i have tried to spark relationships with other people. both irl and online, platonic and romantic. however, i cannot make anything work. i am fundamentally broken with no fix in sight. the only person who has expressed a want to help me is my little sister, and i cannot even bring myself to tell her what is wrong with me. i cannot fucking talk to people. i cannot look people in the eyes. i cannot feel empathy. i write this with the full expectation that it will gather no attention. i have a burn in my mind. it throbs with pain, easily dulled with distractions, but never healing. i want to feel normal . i feel like i have got a permanent burn.
i had a car accident back on halloween night 2020. i do not have much info other than the car went off road and rolled several times, went airborne, than landed on its wheels again after hitting a rocky wall. was air lifted from scene to hospital in indianapolis. was kept sedated in neuro icu for 3 days while on life support left lung full of fluid, right one developed pneumonia. many broken ribs, sort term memory problems etc, etc. since the wreck i have had problems with smell and taste even showering makes me throw up and or gag body wash and soap smells like rotten meat and garbage . most things i eat and smell are the same. i have suffered with severe pain from a herniated disc at the l4 l5 vertebrae and have had foot drop the whole time. seeing neuro surgeon this month and recently received a foot brace that helps me walk normal ly somewhat confirmed by mri 8 months after the accident. i received nothing for pain, and most times my own family turns the other way when i am in pain because they do not want to hear my moans it bothers them . i went back to work 4 months after the wreck so that i could maybe be less of a burden my fiance had been going above and beyond in helping me, but becoming more strained as time went on and less tolerant of my inability to do certain things even work had changed... i was fired as a proto tech a month before covid went boom! i am in my mid 40's but i have always been strong, independent and self reliant. i have always worked hard, and for the previous 3 years took better care of myself. i quit smoking cigarettes, quit drinking pop, and eating healthier, worked out on a very rigid and strict routine. but lately i find myself wondering why i keep fighting so hard. my life is mostly pain and misery that i have to keep to myself. i went from 180 pound to almost 300 by december finally back down to 215 june of this year i have grandkids that are, wow..when i think about them..i think the are my only anchor. i do not know where to turn or what to say or to whom to say it too. i wish i could go back and not have the accident but i cannot...so how do i make others realize that? i feel so stupid writing this. i am submitting this anyway but i am apologizing in advance. not actually sure what i am looking for or need, but know i am not in a good place.
2 years ago i was completely different person, infact at the time i had never experienced depression before. i was very happy, i grew up very fortunate with a big family and many friends. growing up i really never experienced being depressed. i am 25 and i am in my graduation year, hoping to apply for masters once i am done but i have lost my will to do anything i want.it all started 3 years ago when i decided to study abroad, at the beginning i felt lonely but nothing really painful, i would just get sad at times and wish i still had my friends. but i got used to it, not having as much friends and hangout daily etc... fast forward 1 year i met a girl and started dating. 2 years later we decided to break up and then the lockdown happened. from here i have been consistently sad.i really really loved and and i still my ex, but i took many dumb decisions. i regret them but how could i know they were dumb if i did not take them in first place. she was very mentally unstable as she suffered with depression and personal problems.i just consistently miss my ex, i feel kind of weak and sometimes i lose respect to myself that i still think about her, but simply i just love her, and it seems that there is nothing that will change it not even by one inch, i met another girl we hung out but i could feel nothing towards her. its almost like i will never love anyone else. i have accepted that we will never be back together which is pains me but i got used it she is dating someone else now . it does not matter how many people i meet, hook ups or whatever i just cannot find a replacement for her in my life and its been 2 years but i still love her and respect her. i genuinely wish her nothing but happiness.the lockdown, my ex, losing my homie, losing my job due go health issue vulnerability to covid has put me in all time low situation. i have gained some weight, eventhough i eat twice a day only. i became bitter and the happy guy from 2 years ago simply does not exist anymore, an inferior version of him in every aspect. i do not see my self winning again, it feels like 2 years ago my life peaked and its over like its not going to happen again, i just have to accept living a miserable life i guess knowing i will never be as haply as i used to be. i have failed to treat my depression, i am lost.
honestly i thought i had my shit together. i was diagnosed in 2018, so i decided to take a break from uni. got a whole lot better, like i stopped having panic attacks, no longer hated to see my reflection in the mirror, no longer sleep excessively. it was a good year of rest, and then i decided it was time for to continue uni, and i needed to do an internship because it was one of the graduation requirements. never would i thought that this internship was going to be the reason i relapsed. basically it was the only position that was available for me, the other places rejected me. i am only required to do a 3 months internship but they requested it to be 5 months and i accepted because beggars cannot be choosers. little did i know that this place was a shithole. communication was 100 online yet they will not let join any group chat regarding any project whatsoever because i am an outsider and temporary , yet they also throw their responsibilities to me without warning, i am not given any mentoring whatsoever. i am a graphic design student, and i feel like i have lost all sense of good design because my department head keeps requesting outdated design and honestly they do not make sense. i have been pestered by a coworker about the project that she dumped on me without warning. i have been humiliated in weekly meetings. i am losing sleep and losing my patience, and most of all i lost my self esteem.i only have like 5 days left till my internship is over but every waking hour is like hell. i cry in the shower, before i sleep, and before i start work. lately i can barely get up from my bed, make so little progress for work, and now i panic whenever i hear my phone notifications go off because i am afraid of what my coworkers would say bout my work. plus i also only get paid 1 10 of our minimum wage, and i use that money to pay for my internet plan so i can work online, so its basically unpaid internship. if any of you are beaten down so bad by your surroundings to the point of depression, i understand. i have supportive friends and i can barely go through this shit. if i faced this alone, i am pretty sure i would have disappeared to a neighbouring town and change my identity, and made sure no one will ever hear from me again. i swear i am this close to giving up depression relapse
haha realization but not?? depression is nothing new to me. i came across a tiktok giving everyday reasons why i should stay alive who is going to eat that chicken.. wait until you ve done this.. experienced that.. i just realized i unconsciously think about this all the time in the sense that i live each day like it s almost the last in a resigned manner. almost as if i know an impending vacation is coming.. like any day coming up i m prepared to be gone. strange to describe and put into words but let me give an example. i always make sure to have enough money to cover any debts, remaining rent, and cost of funerals, etc. i m not even that old 19 and don t own many things i never shop for wants only needs but this has been ingrained in my mind somehow. i wake up each day and think if i got in a car accident what things i would need to make sure is taken care of, like what things in the fridge would rot, whether the trash is taken out, whether i need to vacuum soon or if there s dirty laundry. i just don t want anything regarding me and my life to be an inconvenience or troublesome for anyone else after i ve passed. i always make sure to be on good terms with people after a conversation, i.e. never leave an argumentative interaction with someone unresolved. my things are all boxed up and very easy to just be thrown away when the time comes. don t really keep extra things that need sorting or memorabilia souvenirs, only the necessities. even grocery shopping i really only buy enough to eat to survive. i ve really distanced myself from my relationships so there s not really many people that would even notice i m gone. i m passed the point of active ideation but always wish i was and will be gone soon. all these social media posts talking about how there s all these things more to experience or wish for don t mean shit to me anymore. i literally don t care and have no regrets. no regrets as in i have accepted the fact that i won t experience them and i m ok with that. or regarding good experiences in life like sunsets or whatever else i m of the perspective i ve experienced that, nice. but worth staying? nah. weird rant, poor articulation but does anyone else feel this way?? idk i just find it funny interesting that i never truly realized this, the involuntary actions of everyday
hi, anonymous account for obvious reasons.i feel so utterly done i have had enough. i am living in a flat on my own with no one caring to visit. i have a few local friends who have their own lives which i understand but they choose not to visit at all. i have other long term friends who will never message, let alone call and i am tired. i tried moving here and being happy but with no contact, i just cannot.a few months ago my mum was diagnosed with cancer, 6 9 months to live and she is currently going through the choice of whether to go through chemo or not. the only thing keeping me alive is the thought that it would break her heart... i am scared this is not going to be enough for me. instead i will fade away from everyone is lives, apart from the only person who actually cares who now has a timer. i do not want to fade slowly and have no one even know i am alive. the last couple of weeks after reading a few forums, i cannot stop picturing myself a little older, lying on the floor of a hotel as people walk past saying 'that is sad' and... that is it... does no one care anymore?i think i have alienated everyone and i do not know why. since the original diagnosis in april, suddenly noone seems to actually care. the only person i thought did cancelled plans 4 times in 8 days last week and i think it is broken me but i cannot say anything if i do i will be alone here. so instead, i feel the need to stop contact but then, that is literally everyone i know, gone...i did not expect any of this. people who i have been there for in the past, just gone.this just feels utterly undeserved and devastating. i have always made way to try and help others elevate yourself by elevating others but i have been totally abandoned. i am the guy who used to stop and talk to random people and get along but now... if i walk to the sea, stand and cry, people just walk past... i am already a ghost.i am seeking help but could do with anonymous perspectives without judgement. i have got nothing left and it is deeply concerning me.i have tried working out but keep plummeting in weight. i am signed up of speak to someone and tried medication but there is just nothing. i do not know how the world suddenly became so lonely.i am not going to respond to any posts but i will read them all. i need advice help
i am so fucking tired of being depressed. i have been depressed my whole life. my childhood was rough, i always had weight problems, no friends, etc. i think i am the most hideous person on earth. i used to hate my self so much.i have never had a job i enjoyed. i always dreaded going to these shitty ass jobs. i bust my ass off for them, people tell me i am smart and good at my job but what is the point? there is no promotion no raise. i am stressing myself out working myself to the point of exhaustion for no reason. none of this matters it is all so stupid.i felt a glimpse of happiness last year when i got into my first relationship. i gave it my all. i made sacrifices for this person and they broke my heart. cheated on me. bullied me. i broke up with them but i still love and miss them so much. i do not see myself being in a relationship anytime soon. sometimes i feel i will never be as happy as i was last year. ever again.i am so tired of trying. but at the same time i am tired of being depressed. its so not fair to end my life and kill myself and let all this bullshit win. life is too fucking short to live like this all miserable. i am so tired of caring. i am so tired of trying to people please 24 7. tired of these pointless jobs. i just do not care anymore.i am doing what makes me happy from now on. imnot fucking busting my ass for this job anymore. while my coworkers are lazy and still get paid the same as me lol i want to be selfish for once in my life. i want to be happy and i do not fucking care who or what gets in my way i am going to do what i want. i refuse to let all this crap end me. there is so much pressure on us to be perfect. have the perfect body and face, have a partner, have money, the perfect job. omg fuck that its sooo stupid. why do we even have to be those things.i had those things. i had the job the boyfriend had lost weight and i was still fucking miserable. because i thought i had to follow other peoples idea of perfect and happy. to be happy. but it is such a lie. my idea of happy is different and i am going to find it. we are worth way too much to kill ourselves and lose to depression. atleast i know i am. i am tired of fighting depression and distracting myself and hiding it from it. imgoing to beat it bc i cannot do this anymore. i am done..
i do not know why i wake up in the morning. i find it hard coz i got nothing to look forward to.the melancholia drowns me when i realize how alone i am, choking depression grips me. amp x200b do not have a dad, mom's got her own battles. how the fuck could i have turned out normal ?sensory overload is too much sometimes so i numb myself with drugs and alcohol. what else was an empathetic, overly sensitive kid supposed to turn to for support when the humans would give no love? amp x200b i suppose i should count the blessings i have had as well, as few as they may be.my grandparents being there for me kept me going although its not like i did not try the easy way out when they were around . amp x200b now i got no one, nothing.mom's still fighting her battles, i try to help but i cannot save her from herself. rest of the relatives, cousins and uncles and aunts, sometimes they were a blessing, often they were not. love life how can i love life when i have not had a love life since a long long time. but i guess that was my fault for loving someone 8000 miles away. now i do not feel like trying, it feels like a waste of time. am i loveless? or do i just love less? since love left, i have nothing left to feel home by passenger as for friends, the good ones are gone, the rest are busy with their own lives. loyalty does not mean anything anymore, everyone is ready to turn on a dime. i had hoped that the bridges i had to burn would light the way, but the path seems to be getting darker the more i look at it. amp x200b i can write a million words and fill a hundred books with the thoughts that run through my mind, but in no coherent order. but then i wonder who the fuck wants to listen to a loser's tale. i feel like a loser because in spite of the gift of brilliance that was bestowed upon me, i have accomplished nothing of significance. it frustrates me to look in the mirror and see such a mighty being reduced to a pitiful product of the environment. a lot of people find solace in chasing money, and i know its important because i have never had any. but more important is a purpose in life, that is what gives it meaning. amp x200b i live another day to persevere and find my way.but if i do not find it the reset button is just a dive away. cornucopia of jumbled thoughts should i go on?
hello i feel terrible i don t know where to start i feel very bad very anxious my stomach is a ball of nerve i feel so bad mentally that i feel sick physically everything is a challenge for me i live in a foreign country and i signed for a language class that started somehow not from the beginning and this literally felt so bad i really don t know how to explain how i feel and why i feel like this everything new scare me my mother died two year ago i can t sleep well my heart literally hurt from all the anxiety i have i don t know what to do with my life i m in a really bad place i don t have a job right now i m signed to an agency that sends me to different warehouse and i m booked now for month i don t have any special education i figured i should study something to make my life better i m year old the job i m doing right now is the reason i feel so terrible my anxiety come and go i feel it triggered my anxiety because it s in a new warehouse with new people and it s something i ve never done before my bos didn t tell me where i m going to do this job she literally told me the night before that i have to go to a new place from tomorrow she didn t explain absolutely anything for the job she just left u there without information and resource and i feel that s why my anxiety came back with full strength i wa hoping that even something bad is going to happen to me so i won t have to go to work something like a car crash something bad but not too bad my bos told me we could call her and ask her about the job but she didn t pick up her phone when we tried calling her she told u she may hire u after we do this job i think this add to the pressure the thing is i think most people would see this a an opportunity but it s a nightmare for me my husband and i are doing this job and he s not understanding or willing to help me i tell him how i feel but he s like you ll get better i don t think i ll get better i have this anxiety for so long now it come and go it s not getting better i don t know what to do with my life i think anyone in my circumstance would actually feel good and here s me feeling anxious desperate and just horrible i don t wan na stay in this country i wan na go somewhere else but i don t think that s going to solve my problem a my problem is not the place it s me
i do not know why i wake up in the morning. i find it hard coz i got nothing to look forward to.the melancholia drowns me when i realize how alone i am, choking depression grips me. amp x200b do not have a dad, mom's got her own battles. how the fuck could i have turned out normal?sensory overload is too much sometimes so i numb myself with drugs and alcohol. what else was an empathetic, overly sensitive kid supposed to turn to for support when the humans would give no love? amp x200b i suppose i should count the blessings i have had as well, as few as they may be.my grandparents being there for me kept me going although its not like i did not try the easy way out when they were around . amp x200b now i got no one, nothing.mom's still fighting her battles, i try to help but i cannot save her from herself. rest of the relatives, cousins and uncles and aunts, sometimes they were a blessing, often they were not. love life how can i love life when i have not had a love life since a long long time. but i guess that was my fault for loving someone 8000 miles away. now i do not feel like trying, it feels like a waste of time. am i loveless? or do i just love less? since love left, i have nothing left to feel home by passenger as for friends, the good ones are gone, the rest are busy with their own lives. loyalty does not mean anything anymore, everyone is ready to turn on a dime. i had hoped that the bridges i had to burn would light the way, but the path seems to be getting darker the more i look at it. amp x200b i can write a million words and fill a hundred books with the thoughts that run through my mind, but in no coherent order. but then i wonder who the fuck wants to listen to a loser's tale. i feel like a loser because in spite of the gift of brilliance that was bestowed upon me, i have accomplished nothing of significance. it frustrates me to look in the mirror and see such a mighty being reduced to a pitiful product of the environment. a lot of people find solace in chasing money, and i know its important because i have never had any. but more important is a purpose in life, that is what gives it meaning. amp x200b i live another day to persevere and find my way.but if i do not find it the reset button is just a dive away. cornucopia of jumbled thoughts should i go on?
i am tired. first off all i am not a danger to myself or anyone else. not that i believe anyone would really care. i have been down that road once and i know it is not the answer. as far as people caring, they would only care because if something happened to me they are worried about how they would be judged. i am in therapy and i take my meds everyday and things have reached a stalemate. it is like i am stuck in 1st gear. at least i cannot reverse, but i cannot gain any speed either. i had my second back surgery last year and i gained some strength back, but i have been in a lot of pain since. i am essentially a diabetic, i have high blood pressure, i need to lose a few pounds... but what is the point? i have been denied for disability twice already. they tell me i can go back to work. i walk with a cane, i have digestive issues, my social anxiety limits my interaction with people. i have asked for help and it keeps getting turned back on me. that i need to do more for myself. i have an exercise bike, but i am not allowed to set it up anywhere. so it is just sitting in a box. i cannot even walk across the street to the mailbox without being in excruciating pain and completely out of breath. i mean out of breath to the point that i am afraid of passing out every time i have to do something. i was told i could go to the gym, but i cannot. that is why i got my recumbent bike. all i want is a dog. a big goofy dog that will crawl up beside me and fall asleep. maybe then i could fall asleep and not have to worry about my dreams. dreams that always have me trapped with no way out until i wake up. maybe if i felt safe i would not dream those dreams. i am forty years old and i do not have any control over my own life. i am waiting. waiting on my doctor's visits to be approved. waiting on someone to help me get there. waiting to tell my therapist everything that is happened since the last time we talked. i cannot do this much longer because i am weak. my body is literally weak. my heart is skipping beats again. i am sleepy and i just woke up from a for hour nap. my whole body is aching and i think i am getting a headache. i am just lost right now. i think knowing that no one cares is scarier than feeling like my body is giving out on me. i hate being alone. i am just waiting...
i do not know how to start it out so i guess i am going to just be venting through this. i have always dealt with some level of depression since about middle school but now its seems to have grown to actual depression, i do not open up about it because i do not want to seem like one of those kids who get sad here and there and act all depressed so i keep it on the dl but as school is nearing its spiking back up because in middle school i was such a weirdo that no one liked me so that is what started it i guess, but now with 2 years in a row going by without school and friends because of covid, i had gotten better socially but no one wants to hang out because of how i used to be and without school i did not have an opportunity to build new relationships, i am about to join yubo and try and make new friends until than but this is only half the reason i am feeling depressed, my mother died when i was 13 and my grandmother just recently passed and one of my favorite rappers lil loaded just killed himself and i never really dealt with these losses i was in the mindset of keep it moving because the world goes on wether we like it or not but now i realize i have just been carrying the weight but its just now starting to get heavy it started with 20lbs than 15 with my grandma than 5 with my rappers, the weight suddenly doubled and i had been carrying it around everywhere i go. its lead me down a path of feeling life has no purpose and now its a dark cloud over my head 24 7 i have not gotten any close relationships built because deep down i feel there is no point because its eventually going to end and i have been replacing these relationships with parasocial relationships from tv shows and youtube but you have to wait a year before you see them again so it makes it a bit worse having to wait, i am planning on asking my dad to take me to grief therapy because i believe that is where it all stems from and my inability to connect with others. my goal right now is to deal with my losses in therapy and start building meaningful relationships instead of ones with tv characters. i have been trying to stop over thinking because i have minor ocd and when i think of something negative it will not stop until something switches my momentum or until i go to sleep sophomore in high school
just heads up, this is going to be a bit of a long post, but any help is appreciated.hi, so last monday i acted stupid and started reading some dark depressing reddit posts about what happens after death the post was in an atheist pov and that there is nothing after death. i am normally a very happy guy and i have never really been depressed or sad about anything, but after reading this post i just got super anxious and very nervous about the end. problem is, before even if i read some depressing shit i was able to snap out of it, but it is been more than a week and i cannot seem to get myself back together. i keep thinking about this. my mind seems to not be able to enjoy life anymore. i am always thinking what is the point of all this then if we just go back to nothingness . i am a recent accounting graduate with a full time offer lined up this year but i am not even excited for that anymore. i went to the fourth of july fireworks this past sunday, and while everyone was wowing amp whoaing , i was just blankly sitting there deathly afraid of one day ultimately losing the beauty of earth. my family was watching the fireworks next to me and i just got really sad knowing one day i will lose them all, and they will lose me. i have a beautiful and wonderful girlfriend who we laugh together all the time. i went to ikea with her this past monday and while i am usually very happy around her, i just kept getting sucked back into the anxious mindset of one day losing her too. what the fuck am i experiencing and how do i snap myself out of it. when i start thinking about that post i can physically feel my brain numbing and hurting a little, like as if my brain cannot comprehend that i am ultimately not special and that i will turn to dust into nothing, into the void. i have always known that we will all die one day, but i have never worried about it because we are all just temporary tenants of this earth. i am just always sad now thinking all the beauty of life, family, girlfriend, will eventually and certainly end. please, any help is appreciated. i just want to enjoy life, i do not want to keep having to think about this stupid thought. i should have never read the reddit post. my motivation, aspirations, are all sort of gone.... please help, am i experiencing depression?
like any other post in this subreddit, i am going to share my very short story. do not know if this is depression but i just want to let it out and organize my thoughts. i am 13 so my family kind of just ignores it calls it part of adolescence and hey i guess that is true. but it is been so painful i really need to let it out and i hope that it will go away as i grow old or learn to hide it i guess .a few weeks ago i stopped ignoring my scoliosis. i researched about it and hey, it is incurable. i have to live with it until i die. haha. unless i get a surgery, which is not really the best choice, maybe even the last option due to the nature of the surgery being literally fusing your spine into one stiff bone. i was very shaken up which broke me. i started blaming myself. i feel bad for my mom. she had me when she was just 22. she was forced to marry my dad which is like 32 at that time. she was cheated on and my dad left us when i was 3. because of that, until now my mom cannot have another husband. she cannot quit her job where she is treated as shit. now she have a daughter who has a disgusting spine. she is so strong. i feel so worthless and guilty of her suffering. maybe right now if she did not have me she would not have married my dad. maybe right now she married her ex boyfriend he left her because she cannot marry him because she is still considered married . i feel like everything that is happened to her is my fault. then i started thinking, what if i stopped existing or what if i killed myself. will she be happy? i was shocked. i am still 13. why am i thinking like this. i hate myself for thinking like this. i cannot even tell this to my family because they will think it is just normal or i am sick in the head. i have fantasised using a knife to stab myself or when i am in a car just getting in an accident. i do not want to think like this. my story is pretty mild compared to others so i feel guilty thinking like this. i feel like i have no right to feel like this because i am young and it is not worse compared to others.that is all haha. i did not want to dampen your mood or make you annoyed thinking why is she like this it is just hormones stop b tching around . i just want to put this into words because i need to organize myself. i hope this goes away
tw suicidal ideationlast weekend i met up with my ex who i used to and still do love very much. it was great for a day and a half...then my anxiety started kicking in. i started over analyzing everything he did during the time we spent together. i started to ruminate. and now it feels like all of the progress i have made has gone down the drain. i was not exactly going upwards in the week proceeding the meetup either, but it was not this bad. i am currently on anti depressants, but i feel like they are not helping right now. i had two panic attacks yesterday, over really stupid stuff that should not matter in the long run since what i was considering were hypotheticals anyway. i also got drunk for the first time tonight, and that felt good. had some sloppy sex with an fwb, and it was good. and now i feel bad again. empty. on the way over to his place, i started thinking about suicide again. like what if i decided to take my antidepressants before i was fully sober again, and kill myself? what if i just stopped caring and drove my car into a pole at 50 mph?like, i cannot handle this. i have been in love with him for more than a year after our breakup. these feelings refuse to leave, no matter what i do. i have done talk therapy, i have gotten a new job, i have tried going to college, studying, working myself into the ground, getting enough sleep and exercise, eating healthy. all of it for a month or so at a time, and i just do not feel good. i have also tried the quick fixes, like pot, alcohol, and sex. oh, and the anti depressants.these things do help, do not get me wrong, but especially recently i have been feeling like utter crap. and these feelings because guilt, and because me to want to reach out to him, and i know my ex would not push me away, but i do not want to rely on him too much. and talking about these things somehow make it worse... and i feel entirely at a loss for how to express my emotions without annoying, burdening, or causing other people pain. being in love is getting tiresome. trying to move on is getting tiresome. life is getting tiresome. and to be clear... i do not blame my ex for any of this. i reached out to him. it was my fault for seeing him before i was ready. it is my problem, and i need to figure out how to fix it. i am so confused
so after being seriously depressed for months to the point of using alcohol to cope and going through a couple of depressive episodes for at least a year if not longer, coupled with low self esteem and almost if not no self worth for as long ad i can remember, i finally decided i needed to get help. however, i did not have a primary care doctor so i booked an appointment with a pcp to specifically talk about my mental health to talk about actions to take and discuss how i have been feeling. after asking me several assessment questions again this was the entire point of the visit she told me she believes i have anxiety and depression and prescribed me low dose zoloft. the first night i had terrible anxiety and could not sleep. last night was a little better but still, i could not sleep. today was particularly bad. my mind started racing and i was incredibly depressed for about 3 hours after taking it and had some pretty dark thoughts. i was in bed in the dark and that did not help, so i tried watching a funny show and playing video games. not even 10 minutes into both of those activities and i lost interest. i finally decided i needed to do something so i decided to bake and cook dinner. i still felt horrible and i started panicking scared i was just going to continue to be sad and be depressed forever. i sat there worried i had too much time on my hands and i was going to be sad all that time. i do not have work until later in the day the bext two days again, still having dark thoughts. after reaching out to a couple people and getting affirmations from them i started saying out loud that i am worthy and that i do not deserve to feel like this and that i will get better and live a long good life. and that it does not matter if everyone else thinks i am worthless, i know i am worthy. i am worthy of getting better. and i will. i repeated this to myself for about 20 30 minutes and it completely lifted my mood. i feel so much better. i am apprehensive to get too excited though because i am worried its just a side effect of the medication i have only been on it for 3 days and that it will wear off. i am hoping that is not the case though because it feels good to feel more normal ps. yes. i do plan on seeking therapy. improvement? or just a side affect of medication?
i am struggling a lot at the minute. there is a lot of change expected to happen in the next few months and i am not ready for it. mentally, i do not feel like an adult, i do not feel ready to live on my own, to pay bills, to work full time. i have a part time job at the minute and i struggle to keep up with that, i feel so drained and i feel so bad because i know people work more hours than me and work jos 100 times harder than mine, but i still feel like a child, i feel like i have not grown up. i passively want to kill myself, it is a thought that constantly occupies my mind, it is not just when i am at my lowest crying my eyes out, it is constant.i do not know what i need, if its new meds or a higher dosage, i just do not want to feel like this. it is a real struggle to wake up every day and do something. i do not feel like i can pproperly talk to my parents about it, i have a bit of a strange relationship with them both and mental health discussions have never been easy with them. i do not know what to do i feel so angry and filled with hate all the time, i am holding grudges from years ago and i am getting annoyed at the simplest of things.i am supposed to be going to university in september, with the pandemic and my mental health, i really struggled in college this past year, and my grades in one of my subjects very clearly reflect that, i am pretty confident that i am not going to get into my firm uni. i fixated on that, so now i am not sure that i will want to go anywhere else. i don 't even know if i want to go to university, i am not sure that i even care about the course i have picked. my parents have suggested alternatives such as getting an apprenticeship, but i honestly do not feel ready to grow up, i still feel like a child, i am not ready for the real work.i have so much shit to do, my mum in particular keeps on reminding me of them and i just do not care, i do not feel like i am going to make it to the end of the summer. she said she wishes i would do more to help myself, that hurt.i feel so guilty for feeling like this, i have not suffered in any way to feel like this. i am here wanting to die when people i know and love have had their lives taken from them. i just want to be better. i have felt like this for too long. i want to be better
it was really weird dream, like most of them are tbh, but i have never killed myself in a dream before last night. pretty much all of my dreams are kind of staged like i am sat in front of a screen watching this tv show of the dream that switches between me watching myself on screen from a 3rd person perspective and then me in the fake show in my body like usual. halfway through though, it basically turned into a vr first person shooter game where i was just a floating pair of gloves holding guns and i had to choose whether to spare this random guy or kill him in order to finish the game. then i suddenly realised i was dreaming, and of course, i am just like everybody here and i think about suicide all the time, have not been happy with life since i was 11 or 12 and am in a nearly constant state of misery. so i took that chance to try and kill myself, started with shooting in the side of the head but it did not work. i just took damage because of the stupid i am in a video game thing going in the dream. so i took out a shotgun, held it under my chin, shot myself and i died.there was this brief moment that lasted no more than a second where i had zero thought going on in my head, it was all black and i has absolutely no clue what was happening. maybe i felt what it was like for a bit but i doubt it. i woke up, but it was not one of those things where you jolt awake just before hitting the ground, i woke up like normal as if this dream was not extremely fucked up.killing myself, did not feel like a relief like i thought it would. it just felt wrong, in some sick way, it felt too easy. i have known for a while now that i will probably never kill myself, purely because its too much work and i cannot even leave the house or brush my teeth let alone find some method of suicide. now i know for sure that i will not kill myself. from that moment forward, i will just sit in hole suffering with no escape, and just let the world pass me by. i have no easy exit anymore, so i will have to just deal my shit some other way. not exactly a better option, but i prefer it i think.if you are reading this and you still want to kill yourself, suicide is not all you imagine it to be. just take a moment to think what if i am wrong? . i had a dream last night that i killed myself.
it was really weird dream, like most of them are tbh, but i have never killed myself in a dream before last night. pretty much all of my dreams are kind of staged like i am sat in front of a screen watching this tv show of the dream that switches between me watching myself on screen from a 3rd person perspective and then me in the fake show in my body like usual. halfway through though, it basically turned into a vr first person shooter game where i was just a floating pair of gloves holding guns and i had to choose whether to spare this random guy or kill him in order to finish the game. then i suddenly realised i was dreaming, and of course, i am just like everybody here and i think about suicide all the time, have not been happy with life since i was 11 or 12 and am in a nearly constant state of misery. so i took that chance to try and kill myself, started with shooting in the side of the head but it did not work. i just took damage because of the stupid i am in a video game thing going in the dream. so i took out a shotgun, held it under my chin, shot myself and i died.there was this brief moment that lasted no more than a second where i had zero thought going on in my head, it was all black and i has absolutely no clue what was happening. maybe i felt what it was like for a bit but i doubt it. i woke up, but it was not one of those things where you jolt awake just before hitting the ground, i woke up like normal as if this dream was not extremely fucked up.killing myself, did not feel like a relief like i thought it would. it just felt wrong, in some sick way, it felt too easy. i have known for a while now that i will probably never kill myself, purely because its too much work and i cannot even leave the house or brush my teeth let alone find some method of suicide. now i know for sure that i will not kill myself. from that moment forward, i will just sit in hole suffering with no escape, and just let the world pass me by. i have no easy exit anymore, so i will have to just deal my shit some other way. not exactly a better option, but i prefer it i think.if you are reading this and you still want to kill yourself, suicide is not all you imagine it to be. just take a moment to think what if i am wrong? . i had a dream last night that i killed myself.
first off, this is for people who might feel the same and can identify with my problems. i do not even know why i am writing on the internet to complete strangers. maybe it is a cry for help. nobody knows how i truly feels.i am constantly lying to myself by saying stuff like oh, your life is not that bad, so stop complaining . well it is and i do not think my feelings lie, since i can count the times i have been truly happy over the last 5 years on one hand. this is not a life i want to live. i am not at a huge risk of ending my life. let us say it that way, i would not mind if i had a deadly motorbike crash. i do not care.if you want to put me in a category i kind of like it because it gives my problems names , here we go i am highly sensitive, got diagnosed with depression like 7 years ago i am m, 23 , have add attention deficit disorder and social anxiety probably because of my character and the depression . i am super unhappy with my job, never had a relationship in 23 years and probably never will because i hate being around more than like 5 people for longer than 30 minutes. i do not think any girl would find that attractive, also i am a loser. a huge loser and the worst part of it all is, that i am too much of a pussy to stand up for myself or even end this shitty thing of a life. if you feel the same, you are not alone i guess. i am sorry for existing and even bothering people. maybe someday i will find the courage to kill myself, i really hope so. my deepest wish is to be truly happy. but even when i feel fairly confident about myself for a moment, that gets crushed down by self hate and frustration. i also want to be seen. women just see me as a nice guy who makes jokes and always helps. i do not hate women and tbh, i would not date me, since nobody wants to deal with this shit, i am only a huge burden, trust me. still, i am seeking for love and affection.i just want it to end and i do not care how. i have been going to many psychologists and i have taken lots of meds. nothing works in the long term. daily suicidal thoughts triggered by bad mood break my heart. i think so often about it. still i am unsure if i am able to do it, i do not think so.i am sorry if i bothered anybody. i just needed to out myself i guess. have a good day. my slow death
i am a political science graduate who had not used my degree to full capacity because, in my country, this is just a pre law degree with nothing much to offer unless you proceed to law school. i do not want to become a lawyer in the first place, i just took this course since i was pretty much undecided as to what career i really wanted to have in life back then.after graduating at 20 years old, i was pretty much clueless. i am just taking whatever exams available, and although i passed all of the exams that i took, but i never got to use them at all.i enrolled in law school, but quit after 1 month because its not my passion.i passed the exams to be qualified as a policeman, but never entered the police corps because i had myself a tattoo before i even knew that i passed.now i am 25 years old and spent the last 2 years as assistant in our family business. i thought i had a career going for me as successor to the family business until yesterday, at my parents reunion with their former colleagues and friends.i drove my parents to the venue of their reunion. my parents introduced me to their friends and soon after they talked about career and work. my dads friends kept bragging about their sons and daughters and how their parenting produced it experts, licensed engineers, nurse, psychologists, doctors, ship captains, etc.i saw how my parents looked worried about not having to brag to their friends that their only son, at 25, still had no work experience outside of family business, and just lived off a small apartment owned by my parents.conclusion, i really f ked up my life. if i could just turn back time and choose a more practical degree, i might have a professional career already, like the sons and daughters of my parents friends. but here i am, trying to learn and manage a family business because what other options do i have? if i refuse to manage our family business and my parents die or something, i am nothing. knowledge in business is the only advantage i have left in trying to compete with these young professionals. most of the time my contributions would go unnoticed which have led to my present state of hopelessness. 25, no work experience, felt like its too late to start over again and fix the mess i did back when i was still a bad decision maker.
i feel like my body is just a piece of meat i m forced to watch destroy itself it s like there is beeings inside it me and an animal that doe and interacts dumb and not a it should and i can t change that a i am not the one doing all of this bad thing but the other beeing here is some context so you don t think im a serial killer im i m in my last year of highschool and i got big final exam that will decide if i go to college or not or a my dad say if i get to live a nice life and have a good job or be unemployed and a shadow that cover the earth with no meaning or purpouse my mom is the one that understands me better and try to help me and belief i will make it in life she even decides to lie for me regarding some bad grade so my dad doesn t get pissed off i am doing extremely bad in school math is my kryptonite when i say i do extremely bad in school what i mean is i can t get myself to study i have some decent grade but not anything crazy let say im doing okay besides math oh boy at math i have a strict teacher that look like jabba from star war im a hypocrite also everytime i get a math test i feel like i did okay only to see my grade and be disappointed in myself i really don t like studying right now im doing this to avoid doing my homework i i feel like i am watching myself ruin my life and i can t do anything i feel like i m watching myself act like i shouldn t there s no worse feeling than knowing you are wrong but can t change yourself i just want to get my exam and make my parent proud i don t want to make my mom sad anymore but my other side would do anything but what it should im honestly soo dumb i wish i could get myself to do this every second of my existence i think about my exam how am i going to fail them and how i can t change this this is beyond pathetic some people have serious issue yet im making all of this bullshit in my brain im just soo stressed everytime i wish i could just get a seizure and end this im sorry i don t even know what help should i ask for even if i get any advice i can t guarantee ill take them my brain is on another level of fuckery i ll end this rant in a positive note i hope i m doing my homework and i understand it while you are reading this i really hope i make it past this month after im done with my final
my husband told me a few months ago that he is depressed. i have noticed his overall mood, treatment towards me not abusive just can be very short and does not really want to talk or do anything with me , and treatment of himself had been going down not working out not showering not eating well etc but did not think it was really bad. after a few months of me being supportive and trying to help in any way i can think of he finally said he needs to see a doctor. i was excited about that he made no effort to make an appointment and has no general doctor. so i found him one and made him the appointment which he went to with no upset and actually for a few days he seemed happy about going and being put on some meds. hes never been a good eater and ever since the depression hit he is been worse. i have noticed he is probably lost 20 lbs at least he was super thin to begin with . he used to be super active as well and now he will not even go on a walk.last night at around 3am i woke up to an incredibly large thud outside our bedroom door. he works late or stays up late every night and i normally go to bed at a normal hour . i rushed out of the bedroom to him crumbled on the floor passed out. he actually damaged the wall some with going down and now has a gash in his shoulder. he came to pretty fast but was overall super pale shaking nauseous etc. he would not let me take him to the hospital or is not letting me call his doctor today. i am not sure what caused this but i started tallying his calorie intake and he is getting around 1000 calories a day at most and when he does eat it is normally complete shit soda chips and cookies fast food etc . he is over 6 foot and in his mid 30s. he now has high blood pressure and high cholesterol along with other health issues. i am now super worried and he still has not eaten since he passed out. i just would like some help on what to do now as now i am almost worrying of i am dealing with some sort of male anorexia and not just depression. i wrote him something last night telling him that not even eating a child's portion of food everyday nor taking regular showers is unacceptable. i do not know if something like this is ok for someone with depression or whatever is going on though. just asking for tips to help my husband
hello there. i am going through a very difficult period for a few years and i cannot seem to find the light at the end of the tunel.i am just an average guy, 19 years old. i do not know what is wrong with me. when i go out with people which happens very rarely , i just overthink everything they say and try to see if their words actually represent any hidden messages, if they are talking about me, etcetera.i always feel like they invite me just out of politeness and that i am actually not welcome there. i just cannot wait to get home and be on my own.when i get home, i usually drink or smoke weed by myself and that is the moment when all the tension and anxiety accumulated throughout the day finally let us go of me. i fucking hate it, really.i also do this because i cannot sleep. i just lie in my bed for hours and think about all my problems and all that could go wrong when i am sober. the night is usually even harder for me than the day.sometimes when i go out i can pretend all is well, i laugh and tell all my friends how great my life is, how happy i am and all of that. i am obviously lying because i do not trust any of them and cannot open up to anyone. not even my family.i fantazise about having a girlfriend, traveling the world with her and waking up with her in my arms. this is what keeps me going. the problem is that i completely forgot how to talk to any girl. my last and first girlfriend was when i was 15. i was different back then. i had sex with her, but she was the only one. i love her and i hate her for what she has become. she has obviously moved on, even though i was the one to break up with her.i tried sites like meetup, just to meet some people to talk to. i signed up for an event and when i got there i completely froze and i went back to my car and drove home. i just cannot socialize anymorei thought about suicide, but fortunately i still have a tiny bit of hope that i might get through this. however, it does not look too good for me.i just need a friend to talk to. i need a girl to love me for who i am and to understand me. i am tired of recording voice memos and talking to my phone just to get some weight of my chest. anyways, sorry if i ruined your mood but i had to get it off my chest. its been 4 years. cannot get myself to open up
to be honest i do not know why i am writing right now.i lost my job back in may.i am back at my mom's house. honestly just sneaking alcohol and drinking till i want to puke then just sleep so i do not have to think about anything.being sober is a nightmare for me always has been, even back when i was 15 when i did not know what being drunk or high felt like.always sad, always daydreaming about a better future, with money, with the person i love. amp x200b i lost my job because i got drunk with the intent of killing myself. had a bike back then, so i tried to start it for a long time do not really know how much until a police truck came by and saw me crying trying to turn on the bike. cop knew me small town, big pothead and pressured me until i gave up my family's info.shit has been downhill from then. cannot even wake up before 2pm, rooms a mess some days i clean it but it always come back to the nest . craving for some thc but cannot bc brother promised me a job at a really good company as long as i can pass the anti doping. cannot bring myself to go look for a job in my hometown. just want to lay and be still for hours at end. want money cannot job, basically.i do not know what to do. sometime when i first arrived back, in a moment of sincerity, told my mom and sister that i was just waiting for my mom to die so i could kill myself. honestly apart from her and the girl i still love i would have done it without second thought long ago.i do not know what to do, i need help but i do not have money to seek a proper physician.aaa is mostly god and stuff so they told me if i do not accept that i cannot be better atheist here, sorry .family cannot relate, nor help.i just need a job, i have searched far and wide but i just do not know what is stopping me, maybe just seeing it as delaying the inevitable.honestly i just want to sleep forever. please do not refer me to r suicidewatch i have been there before and i will go there when i need it. just really want some direction in life because i do not know where to go.sorry to bother you guys, if you see someone who needs your advice more than me i encourage you to comment there, who knows, maybe they are really needed in the grand scheme of things.and thank you for reading. hey guys, i am sorry i am drunk again
yesterday when i woke up i made my final decision to take my own life i have thought it over and even though there may be other option i decided that i am ready to just simply give up a the ongoing struggle ha made me decide it s not worth the pain i haven t felt anything but numbness for year i ve become obese my body is in terrible shape i ve battled with addiction but somewhat recently ive started to get over it when i finally thought that wa going well and started to be proud i wa met with people who didn t seem impressed and moreso judged the small victory i felt i guess because they didn t realize just how bad my situation wa three week off of hard drug wa a major milestone for me but people said it wasn t good enough and that i wa pathetic for thinking it wa impressive i don t see a bright side a i am finishing college even though i wa given a great job offer because i would just be continuing a life in a city where everyone hate me while i can work a lot and be miserable i am not the type to go out and leave on my own i would do nothing but recluse myself and probably miss home if i moved away i recently came to the realization that outside of the people that are friend with me my public perception is very much that i am a loser my antic have made people that used to consider me a friend not even like me a a person a girl i used to love decided to lead me on somewhat recently just to tell me her friend and everyone else hate me and that she would never consider dating me this wa essentially my tipping point i have decided that thursday night when i am returning from a work trip i am going to park my car on the way home by a bridge i am going to start drinking heavily i will make it look like i lost control a i drive through the rail and into the water those that know me will find this heartbreaking but ultimately not shocking and devastating in the way a suicide might affect them they will be able to cope with the loss without wondering if it wa their fault the only flaw in my plan is i have written a note to be left with my closest friend because one thing i can t do is leave without letting him know how much i appreciated everything he s done for me i simply can not do that but that is one thing that might ruin the hidden intent of my action
i am filled with envy, pride and resentment. i will start of by saying that i may or may not be suffering from depression. ever since i turned 21 i started feeling jelous towards my peers profesionally, academically, relationship wise. i am 27 now and things haven't really improved. everytime i try to share these emotions with someone, namely my mother she just brushed them off and made no big deal out of them. telling me to just man up basically. when i shared them with friends they either said nothing or told me to get over it.. as such i bottle these feelings because it seems to be a nuisance to other people. fucking assholes. i feel envy profesionally because i do not work in the places i wish to work and for positions i want to work at. i am underpaid, working a job i have grown out of for years. relationship wise, i barely have any friends anymore after college. no partners due to me not taking the initiative to do so. not due to lack of confidence but due to constant daydreaming and fantasizing about being in a relationship instead of actually pursuing it. i do not feel like an independent person, up till recently i was living with my parents and just now am learning to live on my own. i wanted this to be sooner but due to my own lack of initiative and financial struggles i was not able to. i have been addicted to pornography and videogames ever since i was a teen. just now i am trying to fix these issues. but its hard man... really hard after 15 years of constant use. makes me feel disgusting. full of hatred. but at any inconvinience or struggle, i immediately resort to these two things. lately i have been suffering from mood swings from manic anger and anxiety to relative peace serenity and reflection. within the same hour even. i have also seemed to garner small panic attacks at the most ridiculous and inconsequential things that happen to me. i talk to myself. alot. alot alot over the years. for about a couple years now this self talk has turnt more negative over time. insulting my own capability and intelligence at any mistake. there have also been times...in which i contemplated suicide... but not seriously. just the idea of ending it all has crossed my mind. i dont really know why i wrote this. i guess i also have been feeling lonely.
i keep trying to find articles about this subject to help get a better idea of what i am currently going through and to see if i am not the only one. maybe someone in this reddit community is also experiencing this and can confide with me or give some advice. i am feeling more lonely post pandemic than i did before everyone for lack of a better term was vaccinated. i am not anxious about the virus or socially anxious like the articles i read previously stated. i feel left behind and forgotten. everyone knows i experienced a tough year, like everyone else. i was unemployed for most of 2020, developed an alcohol addiction, and i was the only person in the house i lived in to not have one other person inside of my house until may 2021 both of my roommates have partners . it was an extremely lonely and turbulent year. i have done everything i could to take accountability and get better get on ssris, go to therapy, started running, quarantine alone at my parents for half the year you name it. still, my mental health continued to deteriorate, and now that the world is open i am afraid no one wants to invite me to do things or be around me because i am still depressed and bring down the mood. i am also sober to eventually see if i can have a healthy relationship with alcohol when i am ready. although, i do not find much enjoyment in going to a bar or party to get drunk with people if i am being honest. it is still lonely for me right now. i have had to delete my social media because seeing everyone happy and going out to do things with their friends made me feel even worse. it is like the majority of the country has already moved on and recovered mentally from a year of social isolation. but i am still here in my bedroom alone on friday and saturday nights. i am scared i have exhausted everyone i knew the last year and lost friends because of my depression. i miss who i used to be, even though i was still struggling with depression and beginning an alcohol addiction before the pandemic started. that version of myself was still invited to be around people because i brought joy, and not pain. now, after i went crazy during the pandemic, i lost the one thing i need the most right now... human connection and friendship. left behind in the post pandemic world
back story how i got to where i am. i am 20f and i moved in with my boyfriend a few months ago. everything was going great until i got depressed again. i could take care of myself properly, could not get myself motivated to do anything, slept in later than i should. and my bf tried to help me in a way i told him time and time again that it would not work. for some reason everytime someone in my life pushes me to do things that i am scared of or have a hard time doing, i just shut down completely. i agree i was pretty terrible to live with. some days i helped out so much around the house and other days i could not get myself to do anything at all. i also did not have a job because he would not jump start my car because he was so afraid of me crashing my car on purpose i would not do that . flash forward to three weeks ago everything got worse, we started fighting constantly. he told me i should have tried harder and he was right. he said it was killing him to see me like this. he said if i did not get myself fixed or start doing more for myself that hell kick me out. so i slowly started to do more and take care of myself. however, we still fought constantly. i still could not get him to realize how i felt the way i do and could not get him to start my car. so with that being said i still could not get a job and he hated that. flash forwarded again, last night he packed up all of my things and kicked me out. the entire time telling me he felt so bad for doing this but it all my fault. then he got moody and told me that until i get better that we can only be friends. so i was crying hysterically and could not drive myself back to my parents so, he had to take me home. i had a bad panic attack to the point i could not breathe and my whole body was all locked up joint wise. took him a bit to realized that i was not just trying to get him to let me stay and i needed help with it. he told me if i start making progress with myself that we can start seeing eachother again but i feel lost. my parents are so mad at me because i failed my relationship. they because very strict with me and are pushing me the exact way i told them it would not help. there is more but this is the just of what happened. i just need someone to listen and encourage me to do better.
i am new to this sub, first time posting. i do not think anyone really wants to read 50 paragraphs about my life. i wanted to make it as simple as i could for anyone that is feeling empathetic today edit its in fact 50 paragraphs i am a female entering my mid twenties now and i feel like a mess but somehow put together. a well put together mess if you willim going to she would some light on my past as briefly as i canptsd as a child from witnessing medical problems with my father lots of blood etc and also diagnosed anxiety disorder medicated for anxiety. abused drugs all throughout my teen years, landed in rehab due to 3 cocaine overdoses by the age of 17 diagnosed anxiety and depression developed panic disorder in rehab medicated for anxiety. zero meds after rehab as they did not help me at all. in my mid 20s now and loosely diagnosed with add medicated with a stimulant has never been abused and it has helped a ton. my dad died two years ago. no we were not close but it haunts me daily and i have outbursts where ill cry alone in my car or when i am alone in my apartment. i live with my boyfriend. i guess i am just trying to find some comfort. i feel like there is no fixing me. i am so young and so much has happened. nothing works. i feel like my add diagnosis is not correct at all yet that is the one medication that is worked. i have had an eating disorder my entire life and abused cocaine so i understand doctors not looking at this as being the issue or trying treatment for it. aside from that my life is good. i am financially stable, i have a loving boyfriend, and a dog. i pay my own bills etc. why do i constantly feel like hell? i am either angry or i want to cry. for no reason at all.i cannot hold a job for the life of me unless its bartending because i get to drink. no i do not abuse alcohol i have 1 2 drinks a night which is a lot for some i understand i have a customer service insurance broker type job with hours of 11 5 daily and even that is too much for me to handle. granted people are screaming at me constantly. i am not sure if this is my depression or if i am just a terrible ungrateful human. i find beauty in things in life. i just feel terrible often. thank you for reading and any support is very appreciated not short and sweet
29m. moved out for the first time in august to work at a ski resort for a year. i feel so lonely and have no real friends here. not saying people here are fake but i ve become more of a hermit . want to move back home and pursue schooling certification medical billing and coding . feeling insanely depressed here. so i made the move out here last year 2 months before turning 29. at first i enjoyed it. i m able to buy weed whenever i want, i get a better pay than i did back home, and i don t feel like a child living at home. and the weather was pretty nice. but over time, it started wearing on me. i miss my nieces and every time we ve factimed they look so much older. i feel sad that i m not there. i miss my family and our family dog. also i ran out of my adhd anxiety depression medications and haven t tried finding a new psychiatrist therapist because i don t want to deal with the hassle of searching around. i feel like i haven t really connected to anyone here. i thought going out and snowboarding here at the resort almost everyday, that someone would recognize me and i d make friends which is what happened back home , but it hasn t happened. i have no dating life at all. i get 3 or 4 days off a week and spend them alone. sometimes i ll game with my high school friends online, which is the only thing i really look forward to, but this fucks my sleep schedule even more. i work overnights and barely get any social interaction anymore. i try sleeping during the day but it s difficult because my neighbors like to play their music super fucking loud. why don t they just wear headphones? my sleep schedule is shit. i hate going to run errands because i have to walk 15 minutes to my car. i snowboard for like 2 hours and then feel like going home because i get overwhelmed by the lengthy lines. once the season ends, they ll switch me back to evenings as opposed to overnights, but then i ll have to get a roommate. having a roommate in these tiny ass dorms is horrible and i don t like it. no privacy at all. when i go back home, i want to start regularly going to therapy again, but am thinking how can i do that if i don t have a job . how do i ensure i have a job when i get back home? i don t live there right now so how the hell do i get interviews????
in the past, you all have seen me post about him. i will not mention who he is just tell you more about what has been going on. i am at an age in my life where, i am trying to simplify my life. i am 61. he is 94. living with a 94 year old is not easy in any sense of the word. now, i have said in the past that i realize he is set in his ways at this age but, so am i. i normal ly would not care because of that very reason. but, he is not nice about it. i generally keep silent because, i respect my wife. truthfully, i respect him too. but, lately i am starting to get the feeling he does these annoying little things just because he knows i hate them. he turns off ceiling fans all the time saying that, no one is in the room so, why should they be on? oh, i see! but, it was alright during the winter months when, you left those electric heaters blasting with no one in the room, right? right before we moved in, his central heat air shit the bed. none of us could afford to get a new system so, we bought window a c units. now, in order to cool off the entire house all three units including the one in his room need to be going full blast at the same time. but, he constantly turns off the a c claiming he is cold. maybe he is. but, cannot you put on a fucking sweater until the place cools off awhile? no, he cannot. there is also a doggie door on the back screened in porch which, our dog gets good use out of. when, he is out there with the cat, he props the fucking door open constantly! it is summer in the south so, the bugs are crazy. then, he leaves the porch door to the house open so, the bugs get in the house and, the cold air from the living room unit goes right out. maybe a person would have to be present to understand, the way he does things. it seems like he goes out of his way to be inconsiderate! then, he hides behind the innocent old man routine. if i say something, it is always like this...he will turn to his daughter and go, i guess i did the wrong thing. congratulations, you are now the world's oldest martyr. maybe i make too much out of things but, i suspect i am right about this. i keep silent because, i do not want to start trouble but, it depresses the shit out of me. thanks for reading my rant. love to all. a dick about everything!
in the past, you all have seen me post about him. i will not mention who he is just tell you more about what has been going on. i am at an age in my life where, i am trying to simplify my life. i am 61. he is 94. living with a 94 year old is not easy in any sense of the word. now, i have said in the past that i realize he is set in his ways at this age but, so am i. i normally would not care because of that very reason. but, he is not nice about it. i generally keep silent because, i respect my wife. truthfully, i respect him too. but, lately i am starting to get the feeling he does these annoying little things just because he knows i hate them. he turns off ceiling fans all the time saying that, no one is in the room so, why should they be on? oh, i see! but, it was alright during the winter months when, you left those electric heaters blasting with no one in the room, right? right before we moved in, his central heat air shit the bed. none of us could afford to get a new system so, we bought window a c units. now, in order to cool off the entire house all three units including the one in his room need to be going full blast at the same time. but, he constantly turns off the a c claiming he is cold. maybe he is. but, cannot you put on a fucking sweater until the place cools off awhile? no, he cannot. there is also a doggie door on the back screened in porch which, our dog gets good use out of. when, he is out there with the cat, he props the fucking door open constantly! it is summer in the south so, the bugs are crazy. then, he leaves the porch door to the house open so, the bugs get in the house and, the cold air from the living room unit goes right out. maybe a person would have to be present to understand, the way he does things. it seems like he goes out of his way to be inconsiderate! then, he hides behind the innocent old man routine. if i say something, it is always like this...he will turn to his daughter and go, i guess i did the wrong thing. congratulations, you are now the world's oldest martyr. maybe i make too much out of things but, i suspect i am right about this. i keep silent because, i do not want to start trouble but, it depresses the shit out of me. thanks for reading my rant. love to all. a dick about everything!
i have been going to therapy for the past 2 years now. i have had 4 different psychologists and 2 psychiatrists in my life. i have had to take breaks every now and then because it just makes me angry all the time, even outside of therapy and there have been waiting periods when i have switched to a new therapist but for the most part i have been in therapy pretty consistently. and i have to say i just do not get it.i have already heard all the you are not letting it work, you are doing this to yourself kind of statements so ill start by saying i have always tried my absolute hardest to keep an open mind and do the things they say no matter how ridiculous it sounds to me. but i just do not see how its supposed to help people at all. all i have been told to do over and over again is stupid, pointless things like journaling or meditation or mindfulness or breathing exercises and they just do not do anything. they do not make the suicidal thoughts go away, they do not help me out of a depression or make life more tolerable in anyway. i have had all the sessions where they try to unpack and explain the reasons behind some of the things i do and how its linked to specific trauma, but again, that knowledge does not help me at all. it does not fix anything to know where it came from, its not some hollywood movie where having someone explain your past to you gives you some life changing breakthrough, it means nothing to me.i just do not see what its supposed to be doing for me and i am finding it really hard to believe that it would work for anyone that is not just completely lacking any kind of self awareness or someone who actually liked talking about their problems as a form of processing them. the medication they give me has not done a fucking thing either.its not even that therapy is not working for me, but i was hoping that by doing it for a while id at least be able to understand how its supposed to help but i cannot make any sense of it at all. it honestly just feels like a scam to me more and more every time i go, like its just designed to take money from vulnerable people under the false pretence they can actually get better. i just do not understand.maybe its just me though, maybe i am just broken i do not understand therapy at all
the only reason of all this misery is simply that we cant leave this life at any moment easily if you dont like playing some game, you simply click a button and leave it. if you dont enjoy being at some random party you just go home. do you see where im going with this? this life is the same fking thing, its just an experience, its nothing special, its not what all these people are making of it. literally this life is utterly miserable objectively for the majority of people, and i dont care if some minority gets to enjoy this life and squeeze max pleasure from it. if i dont want to be here than its fking obvious that im not obligated by anything to continue to stay here. and its not only about me not wanting to continue, its about this life being such a fking terrible painful shit that its unbearable to even exist there. something or someone clearly designed this life this certain way so that we cant leave this life any moment without pain without fear without any aftermath whatsoever. they even called it death and gave us this stereotype that death is so dramatic, its so scary, its so bad, you should survive and avoid it. like its 100 objective truth that if everyone had an ability to simply end this life whenever they want, nobody would be depressed, there would be no suffering, no misery, we wouldn't even have this conversation. i mean imagine even having to fking talk about this miserable shit i mean existence should be about having fun, to be happy, to have beautiful memories, not to be stuck in this shit and wondering what the actual fk is this. there is not one asshole that will tell me that i should live this life if i dont want. i would beat the shit out of any bitch that would hesitate to even suggest to me that i should do something that i dont fking want. i know exactly what i feel inside and its just billions time stronger and more powerful and makes much more sense than any kind of shit that this world propagates. even if billion people will scream at me that im worthless piece of shit just because i dont care about this life i would give a single fuck because i know that im right, i know for sure that no sentient conscious being with empathy and logic would even suggest that this abomination what we call life is great
i have done everything. i do skincare twice a day and have no acne, i brush my teeth and floss, i brush out the mats in my hair and keep it clean, i exercise in the mornings, i do yoga before bed, i meditate, i journal to vent, i eat healthier, i do my favorite hobbies, and i do what i enjoy. but, i still feel like shit.i am healthier now, so much more than i was a year ago say, but on the inside, i still feel constantly tired. i have tried everything everyone recommends. i mean, self harm is still an issue, its an addiction after all, but i am twenty days sober and am going weak, but still going.everyone is proud of me for making it this far, but, i am not. everyday is a struggle to do it all, and everyday i find it harder and harder to get out of bed. i do it for my pets and my hobbies, and my friends. its a momentary happiness, but i feel plagued and exhausted once these tasks are done. i cannot relax because my brain fills up with those nasty, disgusting thoughts again.i am also terrified because not even three months ago i was crying, sobbing constantly, and self harming like mad. i could not even bring myself to brush my teeth and my hair became impossible to brush. there was a period where i did not get out of bed for four days straight. then, my health declined to the point my dad finally took me to a doctor, which was just a side effect of my depression. nobody actually knows how mentally drained and exhausted i am. no one knows my mental illness that is constantly looming over me. i do not want to go back to that.i cannot take a break. because once i do i remember it all. if i could just hop off a building and hit the ground, then get up afterwards without dying id be fine. or if i could just die and wake up a year from now, that would be amazing. it would be refreshing. but that is not reality.this feeling of weight pulling me into the ground, and the constant tiredness and sore muscles, will it ever go away? will all of this go away some day and i can just be healthy like a normal person? i am doing everything right. i really am. everyone is so proud of me. i just do not want to let them down. i just want to be normal . even when i improve my habits and health, the mental strain of depression never goes away. will it?
hi,i do not really know how to start so i will just write my story in short. i am 23 yo m and i have been in a relationship once . i met her in school when i was 17 and and been with her for 2 and half years ended over 3 years ago . she had depression and she did not handle it very well, she did not even try to make friends and she ended the friendships that she already had. she has not accepted any help from her family and eventually it was all on me, i was her only support without a lot of knowledge about the subject. it got harder when shetried to hurt herself, promised not to do it again but it happend again. i had to recruit for the army and came back home for a weekend every 2 3 weeks. eventually i could not carry it all by myself anymore and broke up with her, one of the hardest things i had to do, i thought it would help her. do not want to go into more details but she took it very hard and it traumatized me at the time. since then i tried to get back to the market with no success. i always got positive feedback from other people about my looks, my intelligence and my humor do not take this post as an example , and i started believing it only not long ago. i decided to work on my confidence a few years ago and i really feel that i improved a lot. for 3 years since my breakup i have had so much disappointments. i tried dating apps, instagram, real life, match ups, but nothing worked. almost every time it ended by lack of interest or in disappointment and me feeling like a total loser. right now i am on vacation abroad so i decided to try tinder again. got a match, we set a date, i got to her place... and she did not answer. second time that happened to me and got many more stories like that. i am just so fed up with it i feel like i want to give up on meeting someone. i am so tired of expecting and then getting disappointed. i am starting to think maybe it is better to stop expecting so i will not feel like such a loser anymore. i am also tired of hearing people trying to cheer me up and saying it would eventually happen. getting my hopes up and then getting crushed all over again.do not really know why i am writing here, just felt like sharing.thanks if you read it all and sorry for bad english giving up on a relationship
this is my first post ever talking about my depression, idk where to start. this past week i have been sick with a minor cold and while being sick it made me realize how much of a loser i am in life. i am currently unemployed and stressed about going back to community college knowing i lost my financial aid privilege from being a careless idiot in the past. my mom has spoiled me too much growing up and i took it for granted. it really hurts me to know i have not accomplished anything in life yet just to put a smile on her face. i had a job back in early may where i working a physical therapy aide position but did not even last a month there. i thought i was doing fine until i got a phone call to not come into work anymore. i cannot even hold down a job ffs. no one in my family knows i got fired yet, too embarrassed to tell them. i do not think i have lasted at any job for more than a year. i have been applying to a few places, but no responses. i think i was meant to be a loser in life. today was the first day i broke down completely in a long time when i came into a realization that i have pretty much 0 growth since i graduated high school back in 2017. since middle school, i always had low self esteem. i never tried to man up. i was lucky enough to be in a 5 year relationship w my high school love. my low self esteem issues were the reason we went our separate ways when i would always decline invitations to do activities with other people. it is weird bc i do weight training at the gym every week since i was 17, and you would think that would build complete confidence, but the self esteem issues are still there. i wake up late everyday in my same depressing room, open up my laptop and watch useless youtube videos, gym, come back home and do the same thing. i really have nobody to text or socialize with besides my sister. i would say my older sister is my only friend at the moment. she graduated from college a few years ago and works a job related to her career. she always gives me advice, but i would brush it off bc i am too pussy to completely open up to her. i am going crazy. the day is almost over and what did i even do today? i am a little kid in a young adult's body 22 year old in deep depression. now starting to go crazy
life is not as bad as it could be. but here i am, drinking myself to drunkenness after being sober for over a month. every day i think about the tasks i want to achieve, and slowly painfully slowly watch as the time moves forward with nothing done. minutes to hours, hours to days, and i get not even a fraction done of what i wanted. every night is a rebirth as i think of all the wonderful things i will do in the morning, every second into consciousness the next day a slow death as i fail. fail to act. fail to bother failing. i watch as years go by and the dreams i had when i was fresh out of college seem further and further away. they are always in the background, on the shelf. waiting for me as the sense of urgency to make something of myself vanishes.i had a therapist. i could go back to her. she was nice. kind. she cried once, as i was telling a story of my life and that split second of humanity meant the world to me. my pain was validated if i could bring her to tears, maybe the trauma i had gone through was actually fucked up? maybe i could not feel quite as guilty for pushing so many people away, for crippling my own success, for never giving myself a break? for being so miserable? for being weak?but just like the rest of my life, that moment has long since died. i have no excuses anymore. i will die a failure. forgotten. because i have two jobs and no time for therapy....... but really, i just do not want to acknowledge these faults. i thought i was done with this illness.the alcohol is hitting harder since it is been so long. it is been so long since i have been able to acknowledge this despair...and i am sabotaging myself again. a new love has entered my life. yet i feel so numb to them. they do not deserve it. but i do not know what a healthy relationship is. i could not even fake it if i wanted to. they were so excited when they first met me. they messaged me all throughout the day, messaging me multiple times even if i did not respond. i am sorry, casey. you are a good person. you are so sweet. i wish i knew how to love you.i want this to end. every day i think about purchasing a one way ticket to somewhere i have never been and just starting a whole new life. i do not want mine. i never did. what is wrong with me
what is this, what is it you can t help me. you can, but you can t. you could care, so you can help me. but you won t, so you can t. i see that now. i was hoping someone would not come and fix everything for me but that they would care. i tried it all, i tried caring so that maybe someone would too. i tried not to expect anything back and i did that but when things got rough and i cried for help, no one was there. people would only take from me, and now that i m kind of empty, with nothing left to give, no one s there. but only kind of. it s not so bad that i can t see a light at the end or that i ll never smile again. it s that i ll probably never get the only thing i ever craved for. that s terrible actually but i don t know, shit has a way of always getting worse than it is. while that undoubtedly sucks, life is about more than that for me. i m not down 24 7, thank the lord, so i can t act like my life is over. get me not wrong, sometimes it stings really awfully and for long periods too. but there s an entire world out there beyond my own personal lil one that is fascinating, to use one word to describe life. i should go back in my head. it was always great every time, i would be my own patter in the back and it worked, it works, because i never let myself down in the sense that i always care. and it s not like i want to be babied around either. may not seem like it but i m a strong person inside, i don t go down easy and every time i do i never stay there longer than necessary. but even the strongest need a helping hand every now and then and i ve never had that, not genuinely. now is one of those times. and what i needed now isn t even that big a deal. just someone who would listen and understand. you d think that wouldn t be so hard to find. anyway. c est la vie, cheries. i want to go back and fix myself by myself like i ve always done but not come back this time. it was only when i came back and hoped that i got bit in the ass. every single time. but no longer. i m smart enough to understand and to move on and to focus elsewhere and to do so many other things this world has to offer that fulfill me. one of the best lessons i learned in life was how to take the l. accept it, let it go and carry on. here s to hoping
i went on vacation this week for a wedding. i was the best man. i did it out of obligation to my best friend of 18 years. i have had active suicidal ideation and rumination over negative thoughts almost daily for over a year, following the end of my own engagement.the day before the wedding, i went into a canyon trail in the rockies some 2000 miles away from my very flat homeland. i had multiple reasons clearing my head for the best man speech i had not finished, exercise, and i was passively searching for a good spot to jump if the desire was there.i started at the bottom of the trail as miserable as usual. it was hot and dry. hot sand was getting in my sandals.when you get about a third through, you run into greenery and you start to hear the promise of a river. following the trail a bit more takes you to a small stream where you can appreciate the sounds and the drop in heat. the snowmelt will be almost ice cold on a scorching day even this far down.up the trail, it gets a little redundant again, but just as you start to resent the effort, you see another formation of rock and water or a large ancient tree. as you get to the penultimate portions, you have steep rock paths that you can no longer simply tread without using your hands, but at this point, every sight you are seeing is more beautiful than the one that came before it, so there is only joy in the effort.at last, when you get to the waterfall, the payoff seems better than anything you anticipated. the pool at the base is knee deep. the water is refreshingly cold and clear. and the sounds are more rewarding than any music you had on your earbuds on the way there.it was like a religious experience. it was fundamentally mood altering. the day or so after was the first time in over a year where i had zero rumination over negative thoughts, not to mention no ideation. and i killed the speech according to about 20 people. i was able to actually enjoy my best friend being happy. i was enjoying the new connections i made, and i really felt like my best days were not behind me.tl dr it sounds cliche, but try hiking, especially if you have something requiring the right amount of payoff for your effort. it is like a microcosm of flow the psychological concept . hiking
hope this is allowed if not get rid of it . just wanted to get something off my chestim 22 recently graduated from college i found out at half one this morning thst i was rejected for my dream job througha friend thst got onto the next stsge . another rejection to add to the list. i have already been rejected by all the other msjor companies in the field i am graduating into in this country. i am a laughing stock and a waste of space. a let down to my fsmily and all my dead relatives whom i promised that i would make proud. i have not. i cannot put myself through another interview process. how could i? i will be turned down . i know i am good at what i do but nobody can see that. the people who matter do not have faith in me. what is wrong with me? why am i so useless as a person? as for my personal life? another stream of rejections. any time i get close to somebody romantically it takes them about 3 dates for her to realise i am a waste of their time. i am not a horrible person either. quite the opposite i have been told that too often i am too nice to people. maybe that is my lack of worth as a person manifesting itself through helping somebody else. i do not hate my life i just hate that i am who i am . i wish i could be anybody else. somebody of worth. somebody that is not humiliated every time they do an interview, every time they ask a girl out, everytime they think they are getting somewhere. why bother? i am a waste of breath and i wish i could change thst but i am too far gone. before you think my ill feeling towards myself manifests itself in interviews etc it does not i cover it up. and the last time i was told i was not good enough for a job ie todsu it was not even an interview as such but a task. i do not even know why i am posting this. it is not a cry for help, it is not a pity me fest. it is more so a case of needing to get it off my chest. sorry for being a burden not only to you but onto my fsmily and my wider social circle. i had not seen a man more useless until i looked in the mirror. have a nice day, i can assure you it will be better than mine i feel completely useless and hopeless. i am a joke of a person . endless rejections in personal amd work life have made me realise how worthless i am.
for context, i am a journalist student and it is a area that is struggling a lot in my country. i am 21, i have a little experience with it but i cannot get a job paid internship. i am always seeking opportunities, always trying to learn more about the newer demands of my job, and still, no one wants to hire me. i look around and all i see is my friends from college getting their first jobs in the area, gaining experience, doing amazing stuff and i am proud of them, but i am also extremely jealous. i want to grow, i want and need a job, but always getting a no is consuming my mental health in so many levels that i am starting to not know how to deal with it.last month i applied for a internship in l'oreal, it was the dream job for me. ended up i did not get it of course yet the interviewer said i did well. it made me so sad, i think it triggered my depression. i do not feel like trying hard the way i used to, i feel hopeless, like i am really not enough, not qualified enough. i will graduate next year and i am starting to feel that i am waiting my time. even though i have one of the best grades in my class, i still do not feel enough. i do not even know if this count for something anymorei see people with less experience than me, people that are not trying that hard for something and yet, they manged to get a job and i am in the same place... i even started to develop my own journalistic project, trying to do something that i truly believe, love and want to put my all into it, but slowly, day by day i am starting to loose faith in it as well... i talked to close friends about it and all i get is empty words i am quite sure they are not, probably it is just my mind trying to self sabotage itself .i just do not know what to do anymore, everyone is moving on, doing amazing things and i am here doing absolutely nothing. i do not feel like i get comfort from people, and honestly i do not know why i seek it since it is my issue and i got to solve it own my own. i am just afraid of not getting a job, waisted my parents money in a college degree that did nothing. i think i am just drowning in this hopeless feeling and because of that, i do not feel like i have the energy to do absolutely nothing. i feel like i am left behind
lately i am been going through almost daily battling depression and i am not sure how to fix it. i would say i have had major depression not medically diagnosed for about 2 months now, but its been slowly growing over the course of 6 months when i could still function. i moved from east to west coast of the us and thought i would be fine when i moved. however the past 2 months of living alone has been extremely tough on me.i have days where i have some semblance of normal cy where i can cook prepare meals, clean, etc do stuff i need to . but most days as of lately are just me sulking about my life situation and i barely have enough energy to even get out of bed or stand up. so its those odd days that still keep me going. overall i have been having incredible feelings of dread , hopelessness , and aimlessness . dread because i have had this idea in my head of how i want to live my life, but nothing is the way i want it. after college i wanted to move abroad and live in an rural foresty area. but, currently i still live in the us and live in an urban desert arizona . i strongly feel like i do not belong here but i accepted the job anyways since i need experience out of college. i hate cities, hate the heat, and hate driving all things i have to deal with. hopelessness because i have many things i want to do and improve on. but cannot get myself to do them creating an endless cycle of berating myself. i distract myself with youtube, video games, and talking with friends which makes me temporarily happy but when i stop and realize where i am, i just break down. aimlessness because i do not know what to do with myself. even though i am working in a company that has nice and helpful co workers managers i just do not care about the work and am only planning to stay here for 3 years to get experience. however, the 2 months i have been here the longer days feel. i thought i would make friends at work but am not putting in effort in making them, and so put myself in a lonely situation.i tried looking for therapy after i got insurance from my company but all have waiting lists since they are completely booked. i still apply anyways but am not hopeful for any help coming soon. depression worsening but feel lost on to fix it
hi everyone. i am a 23 year old male nurse that has been working for three years now. i was diagnosed with major depression while i was in high school along with anxiety, and tourette syndrome. i have been battling suicidal thoughts ever since then and i have been hospitalized at an inpatient psychiatric facility three times. i cannot remember if being inpatient actually helped me though. i have been receiving electroconvulsive therapy ect for a little over a year and have had two acute series done. the ect has ruined my memory and it does not seem to be helping any longer. i had a treatment done on monday and was already feeling severely depressed and suicidal by tuesday night. i do not know what to do.i could commit myself again, but my brother's white coat ceremony is coming up and i need my pto to be able to fly out there to see it. i also do not want my family to worry. i love them and they are the only reason that i have not killed myself yet. i also do not even know if its worth it. i have been inpatient three times already and the suicidal thoughts are still there. i do have a couple of good things going on in my life though. i have a great job and a extremely loving family that is almost always willing to put up with a call from me because i know it helps my depressed mood. i have told everyone that i talk to regularly my brother, sister, aunt, uncle, dad, and mom that i have been feeling down and that talking to them helps improve my mood. however, i have been struggling with the feeling that i am starting to call them too often. i just do not want to bother them. to make things worse, my therapist is currently on maternity leave. i have a substitute therapist but that just is not the same. on top of my depression, my anxiety is so severe that i am unable to make friends. i have not had a friend since high school and that was only because i was friends with my twin brother's friends. i just get so flustered when i am around people that i can barely talk. i have no work friends, they all just know me as the quiet guy. i do not know. everything just feels like too much. i am so tired and frustrated. i am just ready for everything to be over. i have feel like i have been suicidal for most of my adult life
i have been bullied by classmates and teachers alike for about 10 years. although i mostly remembered my classmates making fun of me, insulting me, pulling my hair and god knows what else, with time i realised it was the teachers and my parents that had the biggest impact. i have had teachers that would often make fun of me in front of the whole class if i gave the wrong answer or did not know how to do something. either that or just screaming at me. one of them would often tell me i am a failure and i will forever be a disappointment to my parents because i, the daughter of two engineers, was not great at math. my parents suggested i move schools at some point but the thought of being thrown into a new class with people who already knew each other scared me even more so...they did nothing else. whenever my dad tried helping me out with my maths homework, he would sooner or later lose his patience and scream at me as well. he would sometimes throw my notebooks in anger as well. i was so terrified i did not have the courage to say anything at all, being convinced that none of the answers i could come up with was right. i thought it would be better to just not say anything, but that just made him angrier. and the same happened at school. i just became too scared to say anything at all. we never really talk about this. whenever the subject comes up, they of it as if it is just another funny story from my childhood. it is very hard for me to talk about it whenever i try to explain how i felt they just brush it off and act as if it was not all that serious. they would often make jokes about me being rather introverted and quiet, often in front of other people and they still do it, to this day. my mum especially likes to excuse my quietness in front of other people as if it is this terrible flaw that just needs to be explained away. i have asked her not to do that, explained why it upsets me, and every time it seems like she gets it...until the next time when she does it again.luckily i do not live with them anymore, but whenever i do go back for more than a week, something like this always happens. i wish they could just understand and accept it. my experiences and feelings are still being invalidated to this day
the guy i 21f like has been severely depressed for almost two years now. there have been times he completely blocked everyone out of his life. now he is slowly getting better meds and lots of therapy but he is still very much depressed. i am always the one having to text first or arranging a walk for example. and even then he would be like sorry i am too tired. or hmm maybe one day, but rn i simply do not care.its ok. i understand. most of the time.but sometimes i breaklast time he was drunk and suddenly started sending me snaps. he never liked drinking and he is a real nerd. its nothing like him to drink. besides it influences his meds . so i got mad. i texted him that he is being childish which he is and that i would leave if he kept acting like this, because i do not recognize him anymore i believe this personality switch is caused by his meds? .he is involved in self destructive behavior. and his psychiatrist does not really tell him to stop doing stupid shit. his psychiatrist would be like do whatever you like. so my problem i am tired. i did many things for him make a giant surprise box, two selfmade depression journals, drag him to the library with me, gave him summaries of classes, defend him around our friends, take him for walks, kept texting him.but sometimes i break, and i hurt him. i know it makes him feel worse. its because sometimes i simply do not understand why he hurts me so much. why he can never truly say thank you for everything.i want to make an appointment with a therapist myself. to ask what depression really is and what i can do. how i can handle his emotionless state. and what i should not do. and i want to ask the guy i like if he thinks that is a good idea. he already knows i read books about depression etc .he does not really talk about the way he feels. and tends to act funny all the time. i knw its fake. i even told him that. but for some reason he told me he does not know how to stop it and be himself.i also want to show him this sub.any opinions about this? or maybe suggestions? i feel guilty and frustrated all the time. my friends even tell me i am a clown for texting him. i know its not true. but after two years i am doubting myself.thanks please help me idk what to do
yesterday evening i had the worst panic attack of my entire life this ended up making me feel drained defeated and like i wa an absolute freak for the rest of the day i ended up venting on a subreddit about how i felt and a lot of the comment actually helped me a lot and one reminded me of a couple of old trick that a therapist taught me awhile ago that i wished i would ve remembered yesterday when your brain is feeling really overloaded and so busy that you almost seem manic and don t even know where to begin to start the best thing you can do is force yourself to sit down and allow your body to sink into the chair while you close your eye and just sit there in silence for a moment this allows you to relax your body long enough to feel the emotion that is bothering you the most however if you find more than one specific emotion coming to mind you are still too overwhelmed and need to sit for awhile longer once i can identify what i am feeling the most i just say one word out loud sad scared tired angry etc and reflect why i might be feeling that way and what i am able to do on that very moment to make myself feel better taking a shower napping asking someone for a hug etc it s important to focus on the thing that you feel like you can start to work on in that moment because if you allow your brain to slip back to thing out of your control you will end back up at square one he also reminded me that these are all normal emotion and that i am not weird or crazy for feeling the way that i am and that it is ok to ask for help or set up boundary for myself i used to use this one more during busy quarter in college but can still be really helpful for trying to squish anxiety down before having to do something you can t get out of which could be taking a test going for an interview or even making a phone call i like to picture all of my anxiety and worry a little people boarding a boat on a river and just like to imagine them floating away and out of my view even if it is just for the time needed to complete that one task that i have to do i really hope these help someone because these trick used to help me a ton when i wa going through some rough patch in life and i think i m going to start using them again
recently i have been having obsessive thoughts about my intelligence and abilitied or lack thereof and i cannot shake them.i have just been offered a dream job but my self confidence has plummeted as i have been preparing for it. i know the stress of preparing for it has definitely kicked off a lot of feelings of being insecure in my abilities but i think it goes deeper than that. i just get stuck in these thinking ruts and my mind becomes completely cloudy i have talked through some of these feelings before and it seems like when i have a problem i start either putting up invisible barriers or i think of all the things that could go wrong and it ends up closing off my mind to solutions before i even get a chance to think anything through. i cannot catch a thought and hold onto it long enough to solve anything my mind just keeps spinning from problem to problem with no solutions. and i have always had this issue to some degree but i could work through it until several months ago, when i was offered this job. i went from feeling comfortable and relatively confident before, to feeling like i do not measure up to anyone around me. suddenly i am not talented enough or i am not intelligent enough or i am not creative enough or i am not likeable enough when i am around other people. and i know part of this is my on perception working against me but for some reason i cannot shut it off it is like the irrational, scared part of my brain is taking over. it makes me feel completely disconnected from the people around me and i end up feeling terrible and not confident about myself. i have read about the concept of a growth mindset vs a fixed mindset that embodying a growth mindset helps you overcome feeling stuck by believing you can grow as a person whereas a fixed mindset leaves you stuck in a rut. just rationally, i know i should have a growth mindset to believe that i can grow and change but my emotions are overwhelming my ability to choose that something in me is constantly telling me that i am stuck being a failure, that i do not deserve good things, and that i have only made it as far as i have due to sheer luck. does anyone have experience successfully fighting off those feelings? self confidence relapse
i am a 17 f lately i have been feeling more and more depressed, i look back at my old self and how i used to be when i was younger. i used to be filled with life and always hang out with friends i had a good relationship with my family i would say that that was probably the best part of my life so far sadly i cannot even look at myself in the mirror i always avoid mirrors because i hate myself.coming from a mexican household my mother does not believe in mental health problems. she always says you have food, clothes, and a roof over your head! why are you sad? you should be grateful for all the things you have. my parents are divorced, i have 3 siblings but the oldest left to live on their own. my oldest brother had a huge argument with my mom and they have not spoken seen each other for four years. i also have a 2nd oldest brother who has autism, he is also mute and he pretty much needs help with everything. he is pretty calm and does not look like he has special needs, but he makes noises which annoys me and i feel bad for being embarrassed annoyed with him. right now i am living in an apartment with my mother and autistic brother. my mom has to work 24 7 so that means that i have to look after my brother which feels like a full time job. i can never go out without bringing him along because i cannot leave him alone i am already embarrassed by him so i cannot even go out. i feel like even if i wanted to move out i could not because i have no money and i have no opportunity to go and make money for myself. my father is also pretty absent in my life i also have no friends because my best friend of 8 years and my friend group decides to exclude me out. i was bullied by them my sophomore year.i feel like i am stuck, everyday is the same. i do not see a reason that i should keep waking up everyday. i am not pretty or skinny so that does not help either. i just want to pause my life and breathe and to go be able to do the things i want to do but i cannot. i imagine that i will be my brother's guardian once my mom passes away. she is healthy now but i do not want to be responsible for him but i do at the same time because i feel bad. idk i do not feel so bad anymore now that i typed out my feelings stuck
i used to want to do things, now i do not. i just work, and that is fine. maybe if i keep working i can get a better job and make more money and get out of debt, and then have some self confidence. the only thing i still want, is a family. i would need a girlfriend for that first, but, hahahaha yeahhhh i am pretty tired of all the rejection. i figured i will just improve myself and then someone who likes me will come along eventually, and i will not blow it. i do not really know what else i can do. i am in good shape, i am good at a musical instrument, i have a good job, i am pretty good at a second language, i have a stem degree, people say i am attractive etc. i attract potential mates, but then it is like all of a sudden they realize they are not interested. it is kind of sad to see that happen over and over. it feels worse than just outright upfront rejection because initially they like me, but then after they get to know me they do not like me, ouch. still though, i am in a studio apartment and it seems like i am barely making it by. i know the meme that it gets better, and i do not doubt that, i just hope it does not get better too late, and i lose my window of opportunity to have a family. i used to love the guitar and i always wanted to be a famous guitar player. nowadays, i do not even know what to practice. i do not feel the same drive to get better at guitar that i used to have, and it seems like at this point it is extremely hard to improve. i have been trying to master bebop imrov for quite a few years, and i just cannot seem to make much headway. i think the depression has a lot to do with it, because my memory sucks, and my cognitive abilities kind of lag, so it is hard to keep up with the changes. plus making mistakes really kills my mood, and i make a ton of them. i know it sounds like i am just complaining, and i guess i am, but i just needed to complain a bit. i do not really have anyone to talk to about this. therapy is a bit out of my price range at the moment, not to mention, my job is located somewhere very remote.anyway, thanks for reading. i do not really enjoy anything except for eating drinking. i am not looking forward to anything except maybe the depression going away.
so my wife and i just had our second child. people said having two kids is not 2x the work, it is more like 10x. and they are right. the oldest one is screaming and running around, doing everything he possibly can to harm himself, while the new one wants a boob every second of the day and waits until the oldest starts acting up before shitting all over himself and crying. i work from home full time. it is not easy.so in the midst of this utter chaos my wife says to me in a desperate tone, is not this the most difficult thing you have ever done? immediately, without thinking, i said, no. depression is the most difficult thing in my life. and that got me thinking. yeah, this is a difficult time. kids, work, bills, house, family, health, my wife and i's relationship, and so on and so on... it is all tough. it is stressful and can sometimes be overwhelming.but, compared to when i was deep in depression? it is nothing. compared to when i would have to say in my head left, right, left, right so i would keep walking, because everything inside me was pulling me down to the ground, it is fucking easy. compared to the times when picking my clothes off the floor was literally impossible, or when i had planned out the place and method for taking my life and could focus on nothing except that, or when i would break down crying because for the 100th day in a row i was eating every single meal alone. nothing in my somewhat normal life at this moment comes anywhere near the difficulty of dealing with depression.i will always be depressed. there is not a single day that i do not have the feeling of not wanting to live. i should probably look into medication, but for now i have it mostly under control. my wife has never dealt with what i have dealt with, so for her this new phase of our lives is the hardest thing she is ever dealt with. the realization i had after my wife asked me that question is that since getting my depression somewhat under control, nothing is too difficult. nothing comes close to the pain and suffering depression has caused me. i sincerely hope all of you can escape its deadly grasp and realize how strong you are because of it. i was asked a question that opened my eyes to how far i have come.
my life has pretty much been a downward spiral for 10 years now, ever since i permanently injured my right shoulder in gymnasium european equivalent of high school .the injury is what started it all, but as time passed, my depression gradually grew into what it is today, in the beginning it was only negative thoughts about my injury, but as time passed and the negative thoughts got worse, they started seeping into every aspect of my life, until negative, downright self deprecating thoughts became the norm.i no longer feel like i am actually living my life, it feels like i am just going through the motions, most days i just feel numb and i cannot remember what it is like to wake up and be excited about the day ahead. but just to be clear, i have accepted that i do not have it in me to kill myself, but if i am going to continue living, i do not want to continue down the self destructive path i am on. as for the lying part. as of writing this, i am completely broke, on the verge of being kicked out of my apartment and i was kicked out of my university for inactivity 2 months ago and after having studied for 4 years, i am actually happy that i do not have to study anymore, since enrolling was just a thing i did, mainly to have a community to be a part of, but it did not help me and the stress of constantly studying, just added to it all.my family do not know any of this and i have been too scared to tell them all this, but now i have reached a point where i do not care anymore and am actually considering telling them about it all. also because they keep asking me about my studies and my life in general and i just cannot keep lying about it anymore, i cannot keep track of the lies and it is tearing me apart, that this is what my life has become. i am mainly considering telling them, because i have come to the conclusion that i cannot get out of this myself and that i need help. no matter what plans i make to lessen the feeling of hopelessness they all amount to nothing, as the crushing hopelessness of it all, makes it hard must any energy to do anything but just drift along with whatever happens. i am considering just telling my parents about it all, so i do not have to lie about my life anymore.
i do not know why i self deprecate so much. is it because some part of me still lacks confidence even after i worked so much on it? am i scared? am i just lazy? am i stupid? or is it just that i have been way too overwhelmed and life has actually been hard on me so to a certain degree this is justified?? i do not know. perhaps a combination of all i just said. its almost like i did not want to apply but i did not want anyone else to have it either. perhaps i felt too sure, thinking this opportunity will always be there?i actually am busy with a lot of stuff. i am in college although i am a little bit too old for that as well . i have also gone through a lot of trauma both mild and severe throughout the years. so i do understand that i need to be kind to myself because i needed time to heal. but i just hate being unproductive and lazy. i hate it when people use excuses to justify their shitty behavior. i have seen how ugly it looks i do not want to be one of those. there seems to be this repetitive pattern in my behavior that i deny myself from opportunities. maybe deep down there is an unconscious part of me that feels like i do not deserve to have a better life? is it because i have been bullied so much in the recent past, that it has left me filled with shame and guilt? i have noticed that i do the exact same thing in dating too. i know i have a great personality and naturally i deserve to love and to be loved, but then again, whenever i want to date, i keep thinking that i need to fix my life first. like i am not good enough. but i know that is just an excuse. i just do not know why i have all these excuses. i understand that life is already happening in between there is not supposed to be a perfect moment where i start living. yet, this broken mentality will not let go, despite the fact that i keep empowering myself everyday.how do i stop?? how do you break free from your past? how do you stop procrastinating when you have adhd? yes, meds do help with focus, and self discipline makes things better, but still, here i am. how do i make things... like... better better? i just lost an amazing job opportunity because i procrastinated so much with applying for it. now its taken. i feel awful.
well, 3 girls, i have ever managed to date me but i only managed them because i find out, later on, they just circumstantial i guess? just as a why not but never like yeah this is suitable which is bad... like they kind of start to obsess over me in the honeymoon phase but then once it is gone bye bye from there on out you know what else is kind of lonely i have friends but since i go to a lot of events etc. they all think i got a lot of friends so no one really reaches out to me... i do not know what i am doing anymore i wish i was white too. might have better chances with girls being brown, guys lemme tell you the number of times i have had girls say to me their parents thinking my people are creepy so they cannot date a brown guy and that they must be dodgy so it is ingrained in them so they are kind of on edge around me when i am not even like... doing anything bad i am just talking or having fun honestly. i am just a gamer who does not even get mad i am so numb at this point in regards to being depressed i just let go of everything or just accept blame when it is not even my fault because i feel nothing towards it at this point i still think what hurt the most was when two of my friends had new friends and they were saying watch out for me as if i was a predator because of my skin color when in reality i am just an easy going guy and they were like do not sit next to him and watch out for him i am like eh? and just have to laugh it off... i am not dangerous just kind of sucks that this stuff happens so i am tired of trying to find another person but i would love to get married honestly it is a dream of mine as lame as that sounds and i honestly do not go around trying to force girls to date me etc. i am just at a point where i know it will not happen for me what is the point it would be nice but yeah i just know some people are destined to be alone and here i am on reddit the last girl i liked kind of strung me along for years so lost years of my life on that which was my fault i was too weak to let go but she talked to me and stuff even when she had a bf i was always there, always. crazy how loneliness can drive someone to actually post online here wow yikes depressed and venting
title says it all.round about 1 month ago today i attempted to be helpful in a community only to be met with claims of homophobia amp spreading negativity, despite what i said equally criticizing everyone involved and encouraging being open and kind.on that same day, i contemplated suicide for what i could only hope would be the last time, believing i had done nothing but proven to be my own worst fear.today, one month later, i gave an attempt at reconciliation my absolute all.today, i allowed myself to be vulnerable for the first time in 3 years.and today, i was rejected in the worst way i can possibly imagine.i wrote my most deep seated apology to those i had wronged and to those who believed i was nothing more than an unapologetic piece of shit. i posted it, and i waited.i waited 5 minutes, then 15 minutes, then 30 minutes. before i knew it, i would been staring at the screen for over two hours, waiting, praying for someone to say something.after two hours i got a response, and all it did was make everything so much worse. it solidified my view of myself, being unable to do right despite my every attempt, my countless efforts done in all manner of ways.two hours of waiting, and all i got was someone telling me that i was banned for a reason, implying that my effort, despite it being done in the nicest way i could muster, was in vain.if you were to tell me 1 month ago that attempting to be kind would because me to, in a way, spiral down a rabbit hole of self pity and self loathing i would have called you a pessimist. i would have attempted to justify it with optimism and passion that is rarely seen these days.but now? now i would call you a speaker of nothing but the truth, in that regard.it is the sad reality that i have now come to realize encompasses my whole being. the sad reality that i am a broken light in the dark tunnel that is everyday life. a light still sputtering but quickly losing its function. i am not sure where else to post this really, take it down if you all must but i feel it can be good to read for those feeling down. to see that maybe their day or maybe their situation is not as bad as it first appears. today, i tried and absolutely failed to be a better person.
feeling hopeless just came here to write down my feelings. i have a fragile mental state, and am not good with sharing my feelings with my friends or family. i think people would generally describe me as someone with a sense of humour and as having good spirits. i am able to joke and laugh, tell people i am feeling great. but i have a dark side that nobody knows because i don't want to share, as i don't want to be a burden. usually i am able to keep the feelings away, maintain the facade and stay strong and reasonably happy. but recently, things have not been going well for me, and i think what little resilience i had got washed away. it is becoming hard for me to stay positive, because i feel so numb inside. i am becoming less motivated to do things that i enjoyed only a couple weeks ago. i don't want to socialise anymore. i have work piling up to the point that i am completely overwhelmed, but don't feel sharp enough or motivated enough to make a start to it. i was drifting between two friend groups, and lost one of them because i decided to prioritise the other. i feel disconnected from my family and friends, mainly because they are currently so far away. i have a bad relationship with my father, who i feel like does not care for me anymore after he started a new family. i hate the way i act, and am consumed by guilt and embarrassment when i think about my words or actions. a romantic situation i was involved with for only a month imploded, and i can't stop blaming myself, can't stop thinking about it or fully letting go. i have never handled rejection very well, and i have thought that maybe, the rejection that i received from her is the shock that caused me to crumble. i seriously don't know what to do anymore, and i do seems to sink me deeper into this hole that i have fallen into, unable to see any escape. days pass like crazy, and i feel as though i am insulated, unable to feel anything but numbness. i have never sought professional help, and as an exchange student far away from home, i don't know how available that would be. maybe someone can relate to what i am going through, and give me some advice. if you made it all the way down here, thanks for giving me your attention.
i am getting so frustrated by my situation and i cannot find a solution. i have tried cbt, talking therapy and counselling. they do not work, you can never really talk about your true problems and even if you could they do not have solutions. really does seem like the only purpose of them is to get you going another day or for you to incriminate yourself. i grew up poor, with a black immigrant single mother and a white father . i worked to not fall into their trap getting an education. where i was constantly berated for not acting like a black stereotype. growing up in a neighbourhood where being a drug dealer was equal in respect to being a banker. worked my arse off to not end up as a chav. got myself into a world class university studying a highly respected field or so i thought . hated every day of it but i persevered. so many times i wanted to drop out or end my life, might have even done so if i did not get a decent grade. but i got through it, the loneliness, the boredom, the racial abuse. i left with a master's degree. now i am stuck in a job where i do not get to use any of those skills. graduated 5 years ago so i cannot even get a job in my field of study. seeing drop outs and convicts still serving half their prison sentence in the community making more than me working manual labour. while i am here getting fat making pennies working in front a computer. cannot even move jobs because i would just have to work in the same field but somewhere else. i made sacrifices for my education and to be on the 'right' path. my girlfriend left me and 8 years on still cannot find anyone like her. because i am mixed race i get discriminated by girls i like. stuck in a dead end job dead end for me because i do not want to progress these soft skills i use. before lockdown i made so much progress in the gym even kept it up during lockdown until i had to start thinking about moving up in my career. now i have to sacrifice many hours of my free time relearning shit i knew when i was a fresh graduate while the other goals i was working on just atrophy. many times i wish i killed myself in uni now i have to live as half a man. good looking well educated worked to hard to be the loser i am today
last year i got into music production and i quote it as the happiest year of my life.i was working on music 6 hours a day at least . i once managed to pull off working for 12 hours.i really loved what i was doing , but this year..its different i do not know how.i am just lost , i can barely work for 2 hours and worst thing is games are back into my life. in 2020 everything that could possibly happen that is good to me has happend. i lost all my weight and got on some serious muscles all by working from home. i had such a mentality for work that year , it was ahead of everything.back then i loved music so much i managed to not play games at all , i once did not boot up anything for 2 weeks straight. now , i play games almost everyday for 2 hours or so and the worst thing is this fucking game hearts of iron 4 got me hooked onto it but it did not made me political. i just remember the days when i was a fat piece of shit and was playing that game in 2016 and i get anxious about all of that coming back right at me.i even uninstalled the game few days ago in hopes of my work hours going up but it did no such thing.what i am trying to say is that i lost the working spirit and i do not know how , i am genuinely not a lazy person.there is a person in my life that is stressing me a lot , i think about it everyday and it does bother me.i do not want to talk about it but i do want to meantion it , i was mad at the same person last year but i was still managing to work very hard.i am not suicidal nor do i think about it , just trapped in an endless loop of anger towards myself.feel like i am in a minefield , that i have to look at every single step i take.there is something to meantion though , i have quit drinking coffee and any unhealthy drinks energy drinks , coca cola , pepsi and alike for 6 months now.those drinks gave me the ability to stay up at night and make music , which was perfect because every producer encourages that , its just like magic when you work on music while your brain is half dead.but now i cannot make it past 10 , what is interesting is that i can play games untill 1 in the morning but not make music and that is 1 of the many reasons i hate myself. what is wrong with me
i feel like i am fully aware of what is going on and i do not like it. i want to live my life just like any other human being. i do not want to constantly focus on the past or the future. i do not want to feel stressed out thinking about what i will do in 10 years from now. i do not want my life to consist of going to work and coming back home. it is a cycle that repeats itself, everyone lives the same life just as different people with different perspectives. each one of us go to school, get a job, get married or whatever and then die. i do not want to do this, it feels so wrong and so ordinary, i do not want to live like this i do not want to work my ass off just to die in the end. everyone tells me to enjoy my teenage years but i am over here with 0 irl friends and 4 mental illnesses, parents on the verge of getting a divorce. everything feels so meaningless, i do not think i have a purpose or will ever have one. i want to feel loved but i always get hurt because guys my age are just so immature. older guys have different desires and we are just not compatible. everyone expects me to be strong at all times but sometimes i just want to be able to cry and have someone hold me and tell me everything will be alright. i feel so incomplete and nothing is enough to fill the void in me that is growing bigger everyday. i cannot live like this, i cannot live with myself for 50 more years. i do not want people to perceive me or have a version of me in their head. i do not want them to have expectations of me. i do not want to feel responsible to keep them happy and satisfied. everything is so hard, i wish someone would understand. i feel like people only talk to me out of pity or just to ask for nudes. i dislike myself so much. i try to be nice and kind towards others but i am harsh on myself. i am so tired, i do not think this life is worth it, i know i am still young but it is already so draining. i wish my parents cared a little. or just showed that they do. i immediately regret it when i vent to someone about something because i feel like they only listen to me because i am their friend and they will just move on with their lives once i am done. i wish my mom would hug me. i am only 16
i am going to rant. what i want in life is to be loved as deeply as i think i love. and i do not know if i will ever get it, only because i am selfish and i am always going to want more. or one day i am get it and it will be unhealthy for me. but i want to arrive at the end of my life someday and think about how much i have loved and how much i have been loved. i want people to be sad and i want people to remember me, not for what happened when i was there, but the emotional hole that i have left on their life. like even now i fantasize about dating a girl, or making friends with a guy, and being so close to that person that when i leave, or am pushed away, they will always remember me because of whatever effect i had on them. and i want them to be sad about it. i think that is as best as i am going to be able to describe it. i feel like i am constantly holding on for dear life on a cliff and my grip is about to run out. there is just a constant strain to do anything. there is just a pull in the back of my head constantly weighing me down, so i am constantly feeling that and thinking about that, but then everything else just happens. things have just been happening and i have just been there to experience it. like i cleaned up most of my yard untill i got tired, then i did the kitchen, then i did the back yard. i do not think i made that much of a decision to do those things but they happened. cutting myself too. i only recently figured out that i am doing that so that i have the scar and i can see it. and it sounds dumb saying because why else would you do it. but i just have been. i have always focused on the quality of my cuts so that way they leave a scar but. everyday feels like a one note day, and no matter what happens, or what connection i make with people, it resets the next day and i forget. that is another foggy thing i think. spend a very busy day at the carnival with friendsx go home and sleep, wake up and only have four real things that i can remember from that night. and i do not know if that is everyone and i should stop expecting more or not. like everything is underwhelming and i want more. and not matter what i do nothing changes and idk. scary how do i function
is anyone having a particularly bad time right now? i really need to get outside my head, and maybe gain some perspective through the problems of others. last summer i lost my job. i have been working towards improving my symptoms, and i do see a steady improvement. a few months ago i could not sleep for more than 3 hours. falling asleep was almost impossible. my anxiety shot through the roof, as i was having daily panic attacks a new thing for me . i lost my job, went back to school and got my degree. i am worried all the time. i ruminate all the time. i was bedridden for a few months and i lost about 50 pounds. my muscles have atrophied. my teeth rotted as i was not caring for myself. i am in a lot of pain physically and mentally. i cry multiple times a day sometimes uncontrollably. i will be 30 in less than a year and i feel like i am already dying. all i can think of is the negative, even though i have some positives. i am relatively healthy, no serious physical diseases.i have an amazing and beautiful girlfriend. i love her more than anything and she always returns the love tenfold. she has been trying to support me during this very dark period and i feel horrible for dragging her down. when the depression and anxiety were at their peak i was considering suicide every minute of the day. i had to call the suicide hotline and the lady i talked with used a tough love approach which actually helped put things in perspective. anyway, even though the symptoms have been improving things keep happening in the middle of my recovery that trigger the anxiety and depression. just yesterday when i was feeling quite good about my situation, i became the victim of identity theft. here we go again. one step forward and 10 steps back. i obsess about things, and it has been driving me crazy. there are compounding problems contributing to this hole i have dug besides my mental health. i need a kind stranger to tell me what they are going through as well so i do not feel so alone. i am hurting really bad. my heart and spirit feel broken. anyone else? anyone else having the worst year of their lives? i desperately want to feel less alone and reading about the what others are going through helps.
so i have a stutter and i ve always been insecure about it i wa with my best friend and his friend and his friend made fun of someone s stutter because he s not aware i stutter this made me realize how easy it is to make fun of people behind their back i felt really bad that night and started cry when i got home cause it made me realize i didn t know who wa being real with me and i felt a tho i wa devalued flash to today and it wa still bugging me but i realized something those people aren t exclusively making fun of people like me but making fun of a lot more than a stutter people are made fun of for stutter tic religion sexuality lisp appearance and more i realized it s not my problem to worry about them and most people that make fun of others will show themselves with time and real nice people will never do that this made me content and i wa happy i forgot about it for the most part and went about my business but i posted something to reddit about it and someone said they had a similar experience and it lead to going into psychosis and being paranoid about people talking badly about them this made me almost have a panic attack when i wa eating with my parent because going psychotic is one of my biggest fear ever since then i ve felt so anxious it took a good 0 0 minute to calm myself down and not be on the edge of a panic attack ever since then i can t shake this thought but now for a different reason instead of worrying who s judging me i m worrying if i believe it i ve had this fear before but when it s bad it get so bad it feel like i m already psychotic even tho i m not and today wa one of those day it feel like the thought you believe if fact and i have terrible depersonalization this ha happened time before this and normally after a good sleep my anxiety tone down a bit but since this is a little different and it started out without that anxiety doe that mean i am going crazy instead of thinking anyone is judging me i keep asking myself if i think these specific people at my work would judge me idk why once again that wa cause ocd started to ob on it now but since i had this thought before ocd doe it mean i m going crazy or am i sane since i m worrying so much about it
hi reddit i m not sure who else to turn to a i recently had to stop seeing my therapist because i moved state and she is only licensed in my previous state of residence i am looking for a new therapist but i simply can t keep this inside me anymore and i need a place to get it out this year and the last few month of 0 ha been the absolute worst of my entire life i can not believe the amount of negativity loss tragedy and pure bad luck that i ve been experiencing since fall of 0 it s been blow after blow and i can feel myself giving up i m giving up hope i m giving up my optimistic attitude i m giving up my will to continue existing in august of 0 my boyfriend of two year and i began our descent into what eventually led to our breakup in mid december we shared an apartment in oregon and i had to move out in january and move across the country back to my hometown in illinois i wa devastated about the breakup and under immense stress trying to find a moving company to haul my belonging such a long distance i finally found one and it turned out to be a scam they stole all my belonging and i m in the middle of several complaint with them but still have yet to see my thing and i don t think i ever will i lost my boyfriend and my life s worth of item at the same time living back at home ha been difficult a my sister life here and we do not have the best relationship she is severely mentally ill with addiction depression and borderline personality disorder so it s been very hard trying to manage her mood outburst destruction etc she ha attacked me many time said countless hurtful thing and done endless physical damage to the house living with her is very stressful on top of all this my grandpa just died tonight i got a call from my brother out of the blue i can t process this right now and i m at my wit end in the past month i ve lost my boyfriend whom i still love my old apartment and old life in oregon all of my life s worth of belonging and now my grandpa it s almost funny how insanely negative this year ha been i simply can not see myself recovering from all this loss and sadness and i don t know what to do it is just too much and i have no hope or light left i m feeling suicidal
no, really? why have we have a species survived this long? i do not get how people can just live like this without killing themselves. i feel like my family, therapist, etc. think i am crazy every time i bring it up.i do not want to have a job and i do not see why everyone collectively agreed that wasting your entire week doing mind numbing bullshit that you hate was any way to live. i ended up quitting my last job after a few days. just walked out on my lunch and never came back because i could not stop myself from crying. i get exhausted so easily, and cannot really do much for more than a few hours without feeling like i am going to pass out, and it is so frustrating. i was taking caffeine pills to keep me awake at work but they did not do shit. maybe it is a medical thing, or because i am autistic, or maybe i am just fucking lazy. i dunno, but whatever it is, it made me sleep for 16 hours straight after returning from my first shift. i tried to kill myself the night after my second one. i kind of wish i actually wanted to die. i used to, when i was younger, but i did not really have any means of doing it. eventually, i taught myself to find things worth sticking around for, no matter how small they are. but it backfired, because i feel like i have no choice but to kill myself, because i was born into a world i am not cut out for. now the things that previously were keeping me here are just things i have no choice but to leave behind, and it hurts more than if there was just nothing. does that make sense? no? let us move on,i am stuck relying on my parents for the time being which i hate because i know they just see me as a leech. they try to sugarcoat it but it is obvious that my dad resents me and i am just waiting for the point where he cuts me off financially because i know it is inevitable especially due to the fact that i am trans and closeted and they are both far right wackjobs who are a few facebook links away from thinking the earth is flat. so having any long term goals or aspirations seems really pointless, knowing everything can all get sucked out from underneath me the instant they find out.ok i am tired of typing now. going to go pass out. what is the point?
currently i am 25 and i am working in a bookstore, i started 3 years ago after leaving university. i like my job but the start was rough. so right now, i still live in the same house as my parents but a separate apartment in it. and the older i get, the more i realize that my parents are far from perfect and a lot of issues i have with my mental health come from their behavior. i have a very small family, only my parents and two grandma's with dementia. long story short, my parentd are very protective of me, so a lot for me and almost always at home a d talking to me. because of that, i have no skills, no ambition, no self esteem, no privacy. i want to move out anf maybe move far away, maybe even change jobs and become something else because working i retail is bad for my anxiety.and here is the problem when ever i tell people this, they ask me, well no problem, you will learn to live on your own and what do you love to do, that is your next job! think is, i hab eno passions. i never learned to fight for something, instead i give everything up. because bullying i have a hard time making friends, let alone keeping friendships. all three friends i have rn are living far away. i have no job or career path that sounds like fun to me. i am not made to work the same shit 40 hrs a week. there is nothing i want to do. besides that, i have no experience in life because my parents do everything for me, i am afraid that if i move out i would call them 5 times a day, either because i need help or because i feel bad for leaving them. my life has nur purpose or sense. i am turning more and more into the person that normal people make fun of. i am joking ill be a weird cat lady when i am older but it is less and less funny. i am pathetic. and if i ask older people for advice all they say is that it will get better once i move put and that i can still find my passion and my i dependency, which helps me not at all. i am not even asking for help here because i feel like i am a person that cannot be helped. i am not made for life. i need to get this off my chest because i cannot tell this anyone in person. i have no goal in life, nothing i love or am good at. my life does not have a purpose.
if you ve just been through something very stressful or a time of high anxiety be easy on yourself i know instinctually we expect to just bounce back immediately after said stressor is gone but high level of stress take a toll on both your mind and body it ll take some time to heal you might continue to feel stressed not a much a before but still be extra prone to anxiety trigger physically drained tense achey sour stomach nausea etc and before you freak out about how you feel think back to the basic before you jump to something scary did you eat enough today what did you eat did you drink enough water today how much sleep did you get this past week how sound wa that sleep did you have to take a different medication recently what s your posture been like any constant muscle tension have you socialized much recently have you gone outside recently think of these question not judgmentally but objectively sometimes it s hard to take perfect care of yourself it s not something to beat yourself up over say you re feeling really fatigued lately if you ve barely eaten anything and been getting poor sleep then it s not surprising at all that you d be tired that s on top of chronic anxiety which can cause unpleasant physical and mental symptom even when you re doing everything else right just because you feel crappy doesn t mean you have some scary life threatening disease it suck to feel like that but try not worry yourself over thing that at the moment are just fantasy granted if you feel like this all time like me i d recommend seeing a therapist and or psychiatrist maybe even going for a regular doctor visit if you haven t gone in a long time just to check in on thing basically what i m saying is don t scare yourself into a panic over your physical symptom but if you feel like they are interrupting your life it might be a good idea to seek help and there s nothing wrong with seeking help either if someone is having trouble seeing thing clearly they go to an optometrist for help this is the same thing for some reason or another our body brain isn t working how it should for u to lead a healthy life it s not our fault and it s not shameful to need help hope ya ll have a good week
rose tinted glasses or blue? if 20 20 vision of life is what you want, choose the blues, according to two psychologists whose recent study concludes that depressed people have a more accurate view of reality than non depressed people. it is ironic, says lauren b. alloy, associate professor of psychology at northwestern university, but folks who tend to be normal and positive tend to see reality slightly askew. and those who are depressed, alas, are sadder but wiser. the study, the latest in 10 years of testing theories of depression conducted with lyn abramson, associate professor of psychology at the university of wisconsin, madison, examined emotional reactions to mid term grades among 144 students, most of whom had been assessed as mildly to severely depressed, having experienced symptoms that ranged from saddness and lethargy to sleeplessness and interrupted appetite to thoughts of suicide.alloy says the results challenge established theories that depressed people suffer a learned helplessness from the erroneous belief that they have no control over their lives, and that depressives not only see things negatively but actively distort reality in a negative way. instead, the depressed students were very accurate in judging their degree of control over events, reports alloy. it was the non depressed students who made the systematic errors in grossly over estimating their control when the event had a good outcome when they actually had no control over it. and non depressants underestimated their control when the event had a negative outcome. alloy and abramson found that people suffering the doldrums proved most accurate in making judgments about themselves and less keen at sizing up other people, whom they saw in unrealistically optimistic terms just the opposite of how normal people see things. it appears depressed people might be suffering from an absence of the positive bias and illusions that normal and nondepressed people tend to have, says alloy. they have lost the capacity for distorting reality in a positive direction. it seems to be more healthy, the researchers found, to have a slightly positive view of reality, even if its slightly distorted. sadder but wiser
rose tinted glasses or blue? if 20 20 vision of life is what you want, choose the blues, according to two psychologists whose recent study concludes that depressed people have a more accurate view of reality than non depressed people. it is ironic, says lauren b. alloy, associate professor of psychology at northwestern university, but folks who tend to be normal and positive tend to see reality slightly askew. and those who are depressed, alas, are sadder but wiser. the study, the latest in 10 years of testing theories of depression conducted with lyn abramson, associate professor of psychology at the university of wisconsin, madison, examined emotional reactions to mid term grades among 144 students, most of whom had been assessed as mildly to severely depressed, having experienced symptoms that ranged from saddness and lethargy to sleeplessness and interrupted appetite to thoughts of suicide.alloy says the results challenge established theories that depressed people suffer a learned helplessness from the erroneous belief that they have no control over their lives, and that depressives not only see things negatively but actively distort reality in a negative way. instead, the depressed students were very accurate in judging their degree of control over events, reports alloy. it was the non depressed students who made the systematic errors in grossly over estimating their control when the event had a good outcome when they actually had no control over it. and non depressants underestimated their control when the event had a negative outcome. alloy and abramson found that people suffering the doldrums proved most accurate in making judgments about themselves and less keen at sizing up other people, whom they saw in unrealistically optimistic terms just the opposite of how normal people see things. it appears depressed people might be suffering from an absence of the positive bias and illusions that normal and nondepressed people tend to have, says alloy. they have lost the capacity for distorting reality in a positive direction. it seems to be more healthy, the researchers found, to have a slightly positive view of reality, even if its slightly distorted. sadder but wiser
why accepting and even embracing my depression has actually helped me. let me start that i used to feel shame and embarrassment about my depression. i used to hate myself and feel like a freak, and that nobody else ever went through the feelings i did. i was terrified of people finding out i suffered from depression, like it would make them think less of me and that i should be avoided and pitied. at some point, i had a certain epiphany, if you will. i concluded that depression is a normal thing that affects everyone. i have a feeling anyone who says they never get depressed isn t being honest, or just afraid of judgement. everyone gets depressed, and it shouldn t be anything to be ashamed about. i m aware that, although everyone experiences depression, it doesn t affect everyone the same. some people, such as myself, have closed themselves off to people and made themselves a victim of this idea that they should feel ashamed of their depression and hide it from everyone, lest they be judged and ridiculed for it. but not me, not anymore at least. i think depression should be normalized, or at the very least accepted. people shouldn t be made to believe they re broken and need to be fixed. depression isn t something that needs to be fixed , it s something that needs to be understood. the truth is, my depression isn t going to just go away. it s a natural, human emotion. it s a part of the human condition, and only someone completely devoid of emotion would never go through it. i get it, it sucks to go through it. i know all to well, and can t tell you how many times i just wanted to die. but i don t regret my depression, because i believe it gives my more humility. i believe that by being more open and accepting of my depression, i can open up to others going through those painful, difficult times. i can show them that even though depression may never go away for good, there are ways to manage it healthily and effectively. i think it just starts by learning to understand and accept depression as a normal, human emotion that everyone goes through. don t ever think you re the only one or that you have it worse than everyone else. if i could do it, you should be able to, too.
to preface i would like to apologize in advance for any posting informality this is my first reddit post i just graduated university in may of 0 and received a job at a global digital marketing agency agency life a a first job wa too emotionally taxing for my well being and gave me extremely bad performance anxiety i quit this job right before the start of 0 and have been looking for a job since i briefly had a job in february of 0 however a close friend of mine offed himself and i wa fired for taking time off to grieve due to this i started taking prozac and visiting a therapist once a week thing were going fine until i decided to drink on prozac one night and have a psychotic episode this episode caused me to get extremely aggressive towards my roommate for no reason i wa running down a list of accusation some true and some untrue however my girlfriend worried for the safety of my roommate decided to slap me in hope to end the episode terrible idea i know amp we have no history of domestic abuse this lead me into a meltdown where i called the cop trying to get her arrested for assault along with spewing false detail of thing that i wa hallucinating the cop soon realized i wa having an episode and luckily didn t press charge and talked me somewhat down from being aggressive once they left i packed up every item i own and drove hour to my family s house i don t remember anything until i wa almost finished packing my stuff i severely hurt my roommate and girlfriend i don t think about coming back because of how overwhelming the guilt will feel i m not sure what i should do and my brain is focusing on the permanent solution i guess the reason for this post is to ask for any advice or tip i didn t want to drone on regarding other incident so i ll leave a list below of what s happened in the past year cut off abusive parent experienced a few other meltdown due to work school stress lost a ton of friend due to self isolation took too many psychedelics which ha given me bad general anxiety wa arrested and impulsively moved halfway around the u before i wa ready to amp x 00b life for the past year ha gone continuously downhill for me i can t realistically see a way out of this
i started therapy about two months ago. i have had two sessions since then. if you are wondering why i have had so few sessions, its because i am broke, also my therapist sometimes answers my mails too late so by the time she replies she is fully booked.i was able to schedule an appointment from the website where i found her in the first place, then she gave me her mail address so that is what i used to book my previous appointment. but she always answered too late, and one time she did not answer at all. and, you know, whatever, sometimes people forget things or make mistakes. she is not responsible for answering all the mails from her clients during the day they were sent.and then she did not show up. the way this website works, i do not really know if she knows its me, and the website is complete shit so i do not think i will be able to get my money back.i need help. i really need help, i am going to go insane. i have been trying to get help, and i am going to explode from all the thoughts going through my head and my goddamn ibs and all the other bad stuff that is happening that i cannot handle. i have nobody to talk to face to face. i have a friend i made here and we do talk to each other about our struggles but i cannot use her as a therapist, because she is a friend and not a therapist, and she cannot help me in a way a therapist can.so now i lost the money i saved. it will take at least a couple of weeks before i save enough money to see someone again. i have made a document where i talked about my past and all the dark and heavy stuff that happened to me and people i love, and now i have to start over again. i lost progress and i desperately needed progress.now i will have to save money, find someone else, book an appointment, open up to them about all the dark and heavy stuff again somehow, have another session about all that stuff and what i expect from therapy and how this stuff is going to work, then i will be where i am right now with this therapist.goddamn i needed progress. i needed the tools they would teach me, i needed their guidance, now i will have to start all over again. and i am running out of time. fuck. damn it. i got stood up by my therapist.
my names joey. ever since about 4th grade i have had anxiety because my teacher was a total prick and he would yell at the class and be mentally abusive as fuck to us. so not sure if that is part of my trauma. ik i am not as strong as some people but that def added to part of my trauma.. anyways i developed a social anxiety and generalized anxiety disorder which hindered my ability to make friends, so i had like 3 friends max.. i only talked to them sometimes too, not even close friends because of my anxiety and lack of motivation. i would spend all day playing on my laptop when i was a bit younger because it was an escape for me. i could just avoid my life and play video games all day because my parents are lenient. i started developing a depressive disorder, probably because i also started smoking weed about a gram a day of some strong dispensary weed for about 3 4 of a year. my brain was fucked i could not think at all, could not concentrate on anything for more than like a minute, hell i could not even concentrate or remember like anything from like the past day or two.. i was contemplating just starving myself to death because i did not know what the fuck to do but i realized that there is other ways.. not at the time.. but now.. i got a nurse practitioner who gave me citalopram antidepressant ssri , and recommended counselling and i accepted the counselling at the time. i declined later on when i got a phone call from the receptonist to make a counselling appointment or whatever, because i thought i was feel better, and i was. the side effects sucked. no sex drive really and insomnia. then i started smoking about a gram a day again which in about 5 days i went into a psychosis and got extremely anxious, agitated, panicky, and even yelled at my parents and told my mom to fuck off because she thought it was just anxiety and i knew it was not. anyways she was broken inside because of her anxiety disorder and she could not handle it. i am out of psychosis now and looking into antidepressants again with something to help me sleep. i think it was the weed combo that did that sorry for wasting your time if you r reading this ik its a lot of writing. here is my story 15m
i have no energy and no desire to do anything with my life at the moment. it feels like there is this incredible weight inside of me. the lethargy is incredibly intense. this has gone on for about a month now. i no longer find enjoyment in anything. i have absolutely no appetite and eating is a total chore. the two things that sadly consumed much of my life porn and video games, no longer give me any satisfaction. i feel like i just want my body and soul to dissolve into a setting sun on a beautiful exotic beach.i am in college getting an undergraduate degree in computer science. i enjoy studying cs and computer programming, but i just have no desire to do it now.i worry a lot about finding a job when i graduate next year. i hate working for people, but i have no choice. i feel like such a wage slave, doing these meaningless jobs that realistically do not matter to anybody or make anyone's life better except for some ultra wealthy corporate owners who really could not give a flying f ck about you or anyone working along side you. then there is the fact that the world has gone completely f cking mad and quite literally insane since 2020 rolled around. if you dare to disagree with anyone nowadays, you are considered a threat to humanity and must be purged from the earth. people are so far divided over everything, it makes me f cking sick. people are cutting off friendships, family members are refusing to talk to one another because of various political issues.oh, and one other thing, i am living with my parents now and i hate my father. he is an incredibly depressing, disgusting, pathetic individual. i thought about whether i would feel sad if he suddenly died tomorrow, and honestly i could not find an answer. someone i met awhile ago gave me some sage advice about people like him miserable people enjoy making other people miserable . i cannot stress enough how true this is! i cannot wait to get the f ck away from this guy when i leave to go back to school in the fall. i need help. i am not sure what to do other than come here and complain. i want to try meditation, maybe that will do something.any suggestions? i am like dying here. i just want to dissolve into infinity
hi all,i write this just because i need to let it out. its a description of my current situation without the full story or details, otherwise it would be a very long post. thanks to whoever will have the patience to read it.my family situation has always been precarious and i had little to none margin of error, but i have got everything wrong nonetheless. i am a 30 years old guy and i do not know how much time ill have to live yet, but what i know is that whatever ill do, ill continue to fail.i hate my job because i am full of work, underpaid and i cannot stand my boss attitude and a few of my colleagues. i am always stressed, nervous, angry and sad. id like to leave the job, but i developed a fear of driving and the public transport is a mess where i live in. even if i could face my fear, i would not have the money to buy a car.however, ill have an interview tomorrow. its a 90 minutes commute of walk, bus and train, but if they take me and the salary is a bit better ill accept it, because if i continue this way ill explode of anger and leave my current job before finding another one. but i have low expectations.at home it is not better. my father abandoned me even before my birth. i barely ever had a good relationship with my mother. probably she sees in me her disappointment with my father and other men. but i am not a psychologist, so that is just my theory. she is unemployed and over indebted and we will loose my grandparents house in the next years. i loved my grandparents and i love this house. i tried anything i could to save it, but i failed.i have got no friends. i am an introverted guy with a need for solitude and i cannot physically and mentally bear a mundane life. even when i had friends more like me, i always alienated them. but now i feel lonely and sad.at night i think and i cannot sleep. if i sleep, i have nightmares. nothing good will happen and, even if it would, i would ruin it. lately i am always sensitive and irascible and i am starting to have thoughts that i do not like.i am so tired of living and i just want to die. sometimes i daydream of living my last days and then peacefully die in my bed. when i do, i feel serene. i am so tired of living
i ve recently been getting closer to reaching proper nutrition everyday and it s made more of an improvement than any antidepressant i ve ever been put on has the more i learned about nutrition the more i applied it to my diet, then one day i couldnt afford healthy foods and had to eat processed foods and a few times had fast food because it was better than declining and getting no calories at all. by the end of the first day i was doing worse again. i didn t notice the correlation until a week later when i could get healthy food again and saw the recent things i ate i ve been keeping track to do the math on how much nutrition i was getting by the end of the day after eating healthy foods again, not even getting close to the proper amount for my age and weight, just having some i felt noticeably better. i was more productive,able to focus a bit more, moving wasnt something i had to work up motivation for, and i didn t have to spend as much time getting myself out of the i wanna lay here until i start to decay kinda mind. its kinda soul crushing and liberating at the same time. after a childhood of depression, trauma, neglect, then a few years of pure hell and not feeling any of the positive things even for a moment, i actually have control over one of the things thats contributed to life being unbearable. but now i m realizing if baby me had healthy food options and someone to explain nutrition, it wouldnt have been as unbearable. to what extent, i don t know. its too depressing to imagine. anyway the point is, pls prioritize your personal nutrition. i ve tried so many things my entire life to feel okay, but without the components it needs, your brain just cant do very well. i tried to eat as healthy as possible as i got older, but even the seemingly healthy options i had available to me still left me very deficient. obviously malnutrition isnt the only thing that causes depression, but it has a huge effect. a lot of foods are marketed to seem healthy even if the producer is cutting every possible corner to make as much money as cheaply as possible. with how prominent that is, you should look closely at the actual amounts of nutrition in the things you eat and drink
not here for advice, just a thought that i am continuing to struggle with. trigger warning if its too much for some people, please do not read on. anyone does not get scared of death? death does not scared me one bit. i find it silly when people are scared of death. i want to die if i get my way but i know i cannot because i know my family would be devastated and they are the reason i have to stay alive. its a struggle for me every day to live when i really believe that death is freedom. death free you from the burden of life. you wake up, work, sleep, eat and you do it again the next day. time passes by and you will be old and on your death bed. i had existential crisis in my early 20s to mid 20s. asking myself those questions likewhat is the purpose in life? i still do not have the answers for it and i know i will never know. so combining the not fear of death with no purpose in life i feel death is liberating. i am an intuitive person so i feel everything and everyone. i feel their struggles and desires. death to me means free from nasty people, free from the struggles of mundane tasks, free from financial struggles, and free from responsibility in daily life. the physical pain of death scared me more than death itself. the knowledge that my family will be devastated scared me than death. you know when people say i beat death so i survived and i am a stronger person after i beat death. i do not even relate to that. its always bedazzled me when people find that surviving death makes you strong. i am constantly struggling with seeing how being alive benefits me. here are the list of things people would normal ly give experience in love marriage most marriages do not last and even if they do, there are problems with cheating or something else that comes with it. career i do not care what title you have you are working to live and to survive in this world not really enjoying ithobbies people are always struggles with finding time to actually enjoy their hobbies.open to hear other thoughts but i am really just venting my frustration with living when death sounds more free to me when death does not scared you, its difficult to live when life is a constant chore to live
i am constantly thinking i have so much to offer but nobody's giving me a chance , but honestly that is true for all of us. my sympathy goes out to anyone struggling with loneliness right now. why does healthy love have to be so difficult to find? why does depression make it a hundred times more difficult? why are there so many bottlenecks to meeting the right person? i know there is at least one person out there i would get along with super well, if not a hundred thousand people, so where are any of them? when one has to weed through a thousand bad matches to find one good one, does not it make justified sense why so many people entirely give up on love, especially those who struggle with depression?i am one of those people. i try to keep my chin up but my path ahead does not look bright. i have been struggling with suicidality and severe depression for two years, barely able to cope. i have had three jobs and all of them have soon after ended due to my mental health quickly deteriorating. i am embarrassingly about to start filing for disability for mental health reasons, and that only makes my chances of finding someone willing to be in a relationship with me even slimmer. nearly everyone is looking for people who already have all their shit together, but what about those of us who do not? what about those of us who might never reach that point? do not we deserve love just as much as anyone else?all i want is someone to live life with. i am tired of living without living. i just want to live with somebody and spend my days loving them. i want someone who understands how depression can make someone like myself seem like a fully functioning member of society one day and someone who gave up on life the next. someone who one day is extremely confident and invested in the music i write and the next day feels no motivation to continue with it. if i could control my depression, control my mood, and get my shit together that would make my life a million times easier but i at least currently cannot seem to do that, and as a result, i am all alone and struggling to meet anyone i would make a good pair with, and i bet i am not the only one. we all deserve love. where is it?
not here for advice, just a thought that i am continuing to struggle with. trigger warning if its too much for some people, please do not read on. anyone does not get scared of death? death does not scared me one bit. i find it silly when people are scared of death. i want to die if i get my way but i know i cannot because i know my family would be devastated and they are the reason i have to stay alive. its a struggle for me every day to live when i really believe that death is freedom. death free you from the burden of life. you wake up, work, sleep, eat and you do it again the next day. time passes by and you will be old and on your death bed. i had existential crisis in my early 20s to mid 20s. asking myself those questions likewhat is the purpose in life? i still do not have the answers for it and i know i will never know. so combining the not fear of death with no purpose in life i feel death is liberating. i am an intuitive person so i feel everything and everyone. i feel their struggles and desires. death to me means free from nasty people, free from the struggles of mundane tasks, free from financial struggles, and free from responsibility in daily life. the physical pain of death scared me more than death itself. the knowledge that my family will be devastated scared me than death. you know when people say i beat death so i survived and i am a stronger person after i beat death. i do not even relate to that. its always bedazzled me when people find that surviving death makes you strong. i am constantly struggling with seeing how being alive benefits me. here are the list of things people would normally give experience in love marriage most marriages do not last and even if they do, there are problems with cheating or something else that comes with it. career i do not care what title you have you are working to live and to survive in this world not really enjoying ithobbies people are always struggles with finding time to actually enjoy their hobbies.open to hear other thoughts but i am really just venting my frustration with living when death sounds more free to me when death does not scared you, its difficult to live when life is a constant chore to live
without negotiation we are expected to go to high school full weeks, go to college full weeks, go to work full weeks. after that, you retire, have a little bit of freedom and then you die. the thought of this makes me escape in a bubble where i am not open to new things, do not want to go outside unless necessary, can have high anxiety and i also escape excessively in unhealthy eating and hobbies.i often want to be a neet without money problems. life would be perfect. i do not feel like this always. but recently i have been feeling like this a lot. why how eventually can you go passionate to work, when you know you are being screwed with until this point from birth on? i also do not care about changing having impact on the world or making a lot of strangers happy. a lot of people see that as a motivation and passion for the job. i just cannot see it that way. the people that i care about and have build a relationship with are the ones i want to do something for, not billions of people. the inventors of this system probably do not want people to ask questions. they do not ever consider it to change. they just want us to be obedient cogs in society. i wish for an automated society no capitalism, infinite resources maybe mined from other planet and then have a machine that can build anything out of the basic molecules , everything is automated by machines and everybody can do what they want. if people want to work, they replace a robot. they do not get paid,because they do this for their enjoyment. i do not want there to be money at all. maybe, more like an allowance that is just put on your bank account by an algorithm. everybody gets the same allowance every month, it is enough to buy things todays rich people can buy, but not enough to let one person deplete an entire stock of something like luxury cars. where you buy from, i want to be a algorithmic system that is backed by robots. so, if you buy a car, no person gets the money. the money is just removed from your balance, your points that you can spend that month. robots then deliver the car to your house.why keep living for survival if we could in the future live only for enjoyment? not enough freedom in life
i am 25, working as a quant in an investment bank for about two years after my graduation in 2019. the main problem that i face in my life is that i do not feel like doing anything at all. i have been on pills for 3 years now, been depressed for even more. i have a lot of trauma from my childhood which i have not been able to shake off yet.i am different because i get affected emotionally very easily and it totally gets to me. so called small things totally overpower me and i need time to recover. however the world being fast paced, i do not get that time so i have got to do my daily stuff in spite of that to ensure that i survive. my work is not stressful, it can be done by any sane living human with the drive to do it. but i cannot, i cannot make myself do even the smallest of things. what i feel like is just lying down and hoping it gets over. i know that is not how you get over things but i do not think i want to be what majority people term happy as. i do not feel peace and comfortable in that idea. what i feel happy about is kind of utopian, hence i do not spend much time thinking about it these days.i have been suicidal for almost a year and half. but given the failure that i , i have never attempted it since i was always afraid to die or hurt myself. i do not know a way out. probably there is not one. what i do know is that i do not enjoy this existence i have on earth but i have got to go on hating every moment of it. and do things to survive even though i do not want to do or live through it at all.i mean, i never asked to be born. just because two people had sex and wanted some meaning in their lives, i am here and now i have got to face all of these till idk when.i do not see a light at the end of this tunnel. i do not know what happens after death but that seems the only way out as that seems to be an end from this existence i have here.i do not feel things anymore. i have no hobbies, no likings or preferences, no inclination to any activity other than just lying down and overthink which is the because behind most of my mental issues at least, that is what my psychiatrist said. my job pays for my survival, but i am almost getting overwhelmed by it
people always tell me how handsome i am i m ft with a muscular build i have a deep voice i m well read with interesting hobby and i can make people laugh but my teenage year were miserable with crippling social anxiety lack of confidence 0 friend and most importantly for me not even a touch of skin with a girl let alone holding hand you wouldn t believe just how crippling it wa i couldn t look a stranger in the eye properly until i wa 0 i wa raised to be away from other kid and naturally my only source of fun wa videogames at least hour a day people are always surprised to find out i m single i ll be tonight i somehow got through college without understanding social cue from my female classmate a couple of whom i later found out for sure liked me and that they had dropped some hint my life ha been on constant repeat of music porn and videogames i ve been begging god since i wa for a girlfriend after i just hoped i would get one soon and soon and soon with the pandemic flying by i realized it s almost been year and that i m about to be i can t bear it it s too painful every one of my peer have boyfriend and girlfriend they had at least a couple of long term one before my age this is killing me i feel like a baby that wa never cared for by his parent so i turned out to be a cold hearted psychopath from lack of love i feel like i m literally going insane i ve been having weird idea lately not just suicidal idea idea that would scare a normal person i finally understand how a normal person can go crazy like this it doesn t matter if i get a girlfriend now that part of my life ha been so bad so lonely that i m at a point that nothing is able to hold back this suicidal feeling i ve always been more emotional than other guy especially when it come to love i know guy my age that don t care about not having girlfriend but my problem is not that i don t have a girlfriend now it s that i ve never had one when i needed it the most i have a lot of med in my drawer that i m gon na gulp down with whiskey and go to sleep after shooting heroin i jokingly told people that i don t feel like living and their only response wa that death is painful well this way it won t hurt a bit
to preface i would like to apologize in advance for any posting informality this is my first reddit post i just graduated university in may of 0 and received a job at a global digital marketing agency agency life a a first job wa too emotionally taxing for my well being and gave me extremely bad performance anxiety i quit this job right before the start of 0 and have been looking for a job since i briefly had a job in february of 0 however a close friend of mine offed himself and i wa fired for taking time off to grieve due to this i started taking prozac and visiting a therapist once a week thing were going fine until i decided to drink on prozac one night and have a psychotic episode this episode caused me to get extremely aggressive towards my roommate for no reason i wa running down a list of accusation some true and some untrue however my girlfriend worried for the safety of my roommate decided to slap me in hope to end the episode terrible idea i know amp we have no history of domestic abuse this lead me into a meltdown where i called the cop trying to get her arrested for assault along with spewing false detail of thing that i wa hallucinating the cop soon realized i wa having an episode and luckily didn t press charge and talked me somewhat down from being aggressive once they left i packed up every item i own and drove hour to my family s house i don t remember anything until i wa almost finished packing my stuff i severely hurt my roommate and girlfriend i don t think about coming back because of how overwhelming the guilt will feel i m not sure what i should do and my brain is focusing on the permanent solution i guess the reason for this post is to ask for any advice or tip i didn t want to drone on regarding other incident so i ll leave a list below of what s happened in the past year cut off abusive parent experienced a few other meltdown due to work school stress lost a ton of friend due to self isolation took too many psychedelics which ha given me bad general anxiety wa arrested and impulsively moved halfway around the u before i wa ready to life for the past year ha gone continuously downhill for me i can t realistically see a way out of this
i am thinking today is the day but if not today, sometime very soon.i am writing this because i have to get it off my chest and i do not have many friends. and i do not want to be talked down.i have attempted when i was younger pills just caused my body to react oddly, hanging myself i chickened out and untied it 2 hospital holds when i am happy, i always fear that it will come crashing down and ill kill myself.i am so stressed out all the time, every day.i live with a roommate who is gone for 6 months.i feel as if i have nobody, no matter how bad it hurts i cannot unload it.i am so tired.i have been feeling like this is the year i die.. ever since it started.i wanted to do more, get married, have a career, have kids, etc.something to keep me grounded but i am almost 27 now and i just do not think it will happen. i am far too emotionally unstable i spend the holidays alone. i know ill be spending my birthday alone in 2 months. i just want to be okay, but i do not think i can be. i cannot afford therapy, can barely afford to liveim tired of stress and overthinking.the worst part of this is that i have a dog and i do not know how long it will be before i am found.i just cannot do this. my emotions are so big and i am always hurting. i literally only have bad dreams. i am not exaggerating. i remember my dreams nearly every night and they are all about the world ending and me having to fight and i am always losing.i keep trying and i know i am not trying hard enough but i just feel unlovable. a burden to be here and a burden to live.there is a gun in my apartment, i just have to find the keys. if i cannot find them, i have a few other plans in mind that are too embarrassing to say. i am writing this so there is something to look back on? idk but i feel like its not even something i want but something i need.i feel so alone and annoying and just bothersome. plus i cannot watch my family die.i am sorry to the people i hurt, i am sorry to my dog. its so permanent and that is why i am scared but i know ill be okay once its done.i love everybody amp i love everybody reading this even if i could not be loved. here is to no more worries i think i am going to kill myself
i have never had a diagnosis of mdd, i do have a diagnosis of generalized anxiety. i have taken lexapro recently increased from 10 mg to 15 mg a month ago and this is the first psychiatric medication i have ever taken. i have been on it since march 2021. at first i felt like it was working great, i was on top of the world for about 2 months and now i am not really feeling the effects any more.i have felt off for a few weeks now. i am currently about to graduate grad school next month and am finishing up my internship. i have a few things going on right now finishing up school graduating, starting a new job within the next 2 months, turning 26 and getting booted off my parent's health insurance, having 3 friends move out of our apartment and 3 new random roommates whom i do not know at all moving in to live with me. normal ly i would feel anxious and stressed, but i feel nothing. not in a good way, but numb. i could start to notice something was wrong when i would get home from work and immediately go to my bedroom. i felt like i could not bring myself to hang out with my friends or roommates. i will ignore texts snaps calls, etc. because i feel like i cannot be happy excited and match the energy of the other person. i went on a cabin weekend trip 2 weeks ago with my friends and i felt like i was almost having an out of body experience, watching them drink and have fun and i was just existing there, not saying anything because i felt like i had nothing to add. i am still able to sleep a normal amount, go to work, maintain a relationship with my s o although i feel exhausted and horrible and like i cannot be a good girlfriend in this state , and take care of hygiene and all that. i feel like because i can still do things and i am not having si staying in bed all day, i cannot be depressed. i have never experienced something quite to this magnitude before so i guess i do not know what to call it or what to do. also not really sure what i wanted to get out of posting this, but just wanted to put it down into words to make it seem real. if anyone has any thoughts ideas, please let me know but otherwise thank you for just reading this. cannot tell if i am depressed
i have never had a diagnosis of mdd, i do have a diagnosis of generalized anxiety. i have taken lexapro recently increased from 10 mg to 15 mg a month ago and this is the first psychiatric medication i have ever taken. i have been on it since march 2021. at first i felt like it was working great, i was on top of the world for about 2 months and now i am not really feeling the effects any more.i have felt off for a few weeks now. i am currently about to graduate grad school next month and am finishing up my internship. i have a few things going on right now finishing up school graduating, starting a new job within the next 2 months, turning 26 and getting booted off my parent's health insurance, having 3 friends move out of our apartment and 3 new random roommates whom i do not know at all moving in to live with me. normally i would feel anxious and stressed, but i feel nothing. not in a good way, but numb. i could start to notice something was wrong when i would get home from work and immediately go to my bedroom. i felt like i could not bring myself to hang out with my friends or roommates. i will ignore texts snaps calls, etc. because i feel like i cannot be happy excited and match the energy of the other person. i went on a cabin weekend trip 2 weeks ago with my friends and i felt like i was almost having an out of body experience, watching them drink and have fun and i was just existing there, not saying anything because i felt like i had nothing to add. i am still able to sleep a normal amount, go to work, maintain a relationship with my s o although i feel exhausted and horrible and like i cannot be a good girlfriend in this state , and take care of hygiene and all that. i feel like because i can still do things and i am not having si staying in bed all day, i cannot be depressed. i have never experienced something quite to this magnitude before so i guess i do not know what to call it or what to do. also not really sure what i wanted to get out of posting this, but just wanted to put it down into words to make it seem real. if anyone has any thoughts ideas, please let me know but otherwise thank you for just reading this. cannot tell if i am depressed
it never gets better. it becomes manageable for some time, maybe. but its always there. i cannot keep deal with these lows. nobody fucking understands how painful it is. how absolutely miserable i am, how i feel like literally ripping my skin off and screaming my guts out. yesterday i had a mental breakdown at 4am and shaved my entire head of hair off. now i cringe every time i see my bald head in the mirror and i want to punch my reflection. i feel like such an ugly bitch. i am so angry, every day i become more and more insufferable. i drive people away because of my intense resting bitch face. i look pissed off 100 of the time now. and i am. i do not know why i am so damn angry. for what??? unhappiness and sadness turned into anger and rage after all these years. i am so sorry to everyone i am rude and angry towards at work. it hurts me just as much, i promise. i am sorry to my boss, please do not fire me even though i actually do not want to be here. i do not want to be angry tho. i do not know what is wrong with me. i do not know what is making me so miserable. i am sorry for not having the energy to put on a smile and be friendly and agreeable. i just cannot do it anymore. i know how off putting it is to be around someone with such a heavy aura and radiating so much toxic energyim sorry about that. every day i leave work feeling like shit, you do not even know. i have no friends. i have no support system. i am sick of myself. sick of coming home to this apartment with nobody and nothing here for me to come home to. after i get off work, i do not speak words out loud until the next day. because there is nobody to talk to. i wish these intrusive thoughts would stop. you are ugly. you are only getting older, look at you. you were never beautiful to begin with. why do you care? nobody cares about you. why are you here? just end it, what is the point? tomorrow will be just like today. it always is. it always is. how hot is hell? i do not know how much worse hell can be, dragging myself through each day suffering from emotional and psychological pain that becomes so physical feels like the worst torture imaginable to me. it just gets worse and worse and worse
you need to love yourself, sincerely. stop depending on others for what you can provide. once you do, the pain is experienced differently. feel the 'negative' energy and welcome it with open arms. let it stay as long as it wants, it does not harm you, but you harm yourself trying to get rid of it. if there are times when negative thoughts of interactions flood your mind accept that your harsh judgement could be correct. you might have done something stupid. you may have been awkward. it only matters if you say it does. without your consent, nobody can define what is 'good' in your existence. that is your power.when you depend on others for your image and worth, you have to constantly change yourself to fit their definition of good. you trade your life for the affection of another and they have no idea what they are doing here. it becomes the blind leading the blind. spend time with yourself. not watching tv or reading a book. stand up and slowly move your toes, bend your knees slightly and flex your lower body. feel what it is like to let your muscles take the pressure off your bones. turn on some music and allow the connection between sound and touch to go unfiltered. make up your own vocals. let the blood and oxygen flow and your nerves come alive. hear what they say.many abuse their bodies, treating it like a slave to their will. it is a foundational part of existence. spend time with it and it will enhance your experience. when lying in bed, shut everything off and slowly curly your hands and toes. tense them in the motion. feel each movement. this is it. this is your experience of existence. grab each second of it and appreciate it. if you believe you could create a better one, you have the power to do so. the rules of meaning and purpose are all written in your mind. if it is difficult, use that knowledge to empathize with existence. it is malleable, but it is not going to shape itself to your will. you need to connect with it. not with the voices of others, with yourself. you. you exist. you are incredible. do not let anyone lie to you and if they are telling you their truth, then know that they do not see what this is. please understand sincere love
hello so i have ptsd bipolar disorder and a back injury that will never heal i recently had to move from maine to florida i am in the process of re establishing my medical care in a new state a more restrictive state the doctor here want me off my back pain medication my anxiety medication and want me to quit smoking pot it took me a long time to figure out the exact combination of medication that work for me amp x 00b i moved from california to maine about ten year ago it took me a few trip to the looney bin for doctor to believe me figure out what wa wrong with me and treat me i spent my first three year in maine in constant pain due to a back injury that my nurse practitioner thought i wa way too young to have which i absolutely did and still do have she sent me to specialist that verified i do have a serious injury and she would say she doesn t believe them i turned her into the board of director at the hospital i wa in for basically torturing me but because i live with debilitating depression i did not follow through with it and it wa dropped amp x 00b when i finally found a doctor that believed my x ray and wa willing to treat me and a doctor that wa able to diagnose my ptsd and bipolar disorder and treat me my life took off in the right direction i wa able to finish my bachelor s degree my master s degree and start my phd one right after another my family wa forced to leave maine because of all the people that flooded into maine due to the pandemic and maine s low number of reported case in the beginning amp x 00b now i am having to redo all of these complicated step and i feel myself falling into my depression hole i feel so defeated i m coming down off my back pain med and my back is hurting so incredibly bad it make me want to die i have gone through so many year of physical pain i thought it wa over i thought i had that figured out my anxiety about doctor s opinion in my medical care and anxiety behind being looked at like a druggie when i don t do drug the anxiety of having to plead my case to people that just have heard so many lie they wouldn t know the truth if it smacked them in the face depression at having to do all of this crap over again
how does anyone do anything??? i've 25f been going through the most stressful depressive episode i've ever been in and i can hardly get anything done. at best, i get maybe 1 2 hours of work done in the afternoon before i have an anxiety stress depression ??? attack and my body decides to just shut down. literally, it's hard for me to move and i'd collapse if i try to stand, i can't keep my eyes open, and it wears me out to the point that afterwards i just lay there and try to do something low energy like reading until i get up to make sure i at least eat something and spend some time with my parents. i can usually spend a bit more time on work if i'm feeling particularly good or hobbies like music and art if i don't have another attack at night but i'm also only productive for maybe 1 2 hours before i switch to something low energy again . really my low energy activity is mostly just reading fiction. sometimes i'll try to play video games but that's rare nowadays. my therapist knows all of this and we're working on it. still gotta handle it in the meantime though . i'm not employed right now but i do remote volunteer work that takes probably 7 10 hours a week. i can get my work done but i feel like im seriously hanging by a thread. i'm also job searching but to be honest, i have no idea how i'll hold down a full time job. i'm not sure i can even really hold down a remote part time job truthfully. i've considered at least taking small freelance gigs but it's difficult to get going. i feel like im making a lot of excuses since i use to autopilot pretty well through high school and college but with the intense physical symptoms i have now, i feel like my depression is more debilitating than ever. i'm kind of scared that soon i won't be able to manage anything and i'll let my life slip by. tldr i probably avg 1 2 hours of productivity work and hobbies a day, autopilot isnt working since i have physical symptoms that make it hard to move and leave me dead tired, i feel like im making excuses, and my depression feels inscreasingly debilitating. just wondering how you guys manage to get things done or if there's others that may be going through the same struggle.
hello i am i had been very reluctant to admit i wa depressed but it s very hard to hide at this point plus who am i kidding apparently it written over my face for people who have known me for a while it really hurt me when people ask how are you i can not tell if they are just being cordial or they truly care i assume the former for them and respond i am good okay but every time i say i am good i feel slightly sadder because i know that is not the case i want to speak about this to friend but i do not really feel close to any friend anymore i moved country so this could be a contributing factor so here i am on reddit i have attended university twice now and already going to have a delay on this degree which mean another year of my life wasted to chasing a degree 9 i have been very disconnected from friend over the last two year and have felt like i am in a prison because i have mostly spoken extensively to just two people over last two year maybe this is because i am extroverted i do not recognise myself anymore i used to be so positive and strong mentally but a lot of negative thinking and bad thought have engulfed me for a while now i used to be very funny and enjoyed joking around but thats vanished these day i used to be very athletic and worked very hard to get lean after antipsychotic made me gain weight but now i am starting to put some weight back on because i have been using unhealthy food to cope these day my mind is flooded with so much negative thought pattern it s becoming too exhausting and i can barely study despite my best effort and knowing final are next week mostly quit social medium especially instagram because all it make me do is compare myself to others and reminds me of how unaccomplished i feel and the older i get the more i start to fear that i might actually go nowhere and how it might be better to die young and full of potential than a wasted life will i get back to how i once wa before my mental health went to shit is there a way out for good i have tried therapy but didn t work my last therapist told me she doesn t know why i am depressed because i am very good looking smart likeable and said to cheer up like it wa that simple
life is all shitty thing after shitty thing. you study for a degree that you do not really care anymore bc the environment is so stressful for so little knowledge payoff that it just seems like ur wasting everyone is time, the school fucks up ur schedule even if you try to stay at the top of ur game, even tho you feel like ur not learning anything useful, specifically to not have problems with that, and now you cannot even try to change classes even tho they are simply still hiring the ppl who should have been teaching you since semester started weeks ago. and then you graduate to work in an ok career, will not get much, but at least i am going to be able to have a job, just to feel like you have not actually learned a dang thing which forces you to go back to that academic setting that makes you want to actually commit ever since you were in school being the butt of everyone is joke, while still trying to manage working because you have to get out of ur parents house as soon as possible to live in whatever shitty place you can get if you want to cut an inch off your hair. even tho ur parents were living at your grandmas ur whole childhood and she did not give a shit what they did with their bodies, you do not get the same range because of, take a guess, fucking politics! that are not getting any better bc no matter what fucktards get in power you are still going to be discriminated against for the rest of your life on at least 3 dif bases and the people who fight for udont actually, they just want ur vote. you are probably going to be alone also because the person you love is also dying to go back to her home state, one of the less diverse regions in the country and wants to live moving places whereas with you that just sounds like a lot of planning and uncertainty and a lot of planning and uncertainty sounds like even more stress mocing around w ur profession that is not that easy but hey i got no ambition anyways so maybe that can be arranged . and it does not even matter bc there is no long run, the planet is literally fucjing dying! all and all, feels impossible to simply get over all of it and live normal ly just feels impossible not to be depressed
life is all shitty thing after shitty thing. you study for a degree that you do not really care anymore bc the environment is so stressful for so little knowledge payoff that it just seems like ur wasting everyone is time, the school fucks up ur schedule even if you try to stay at the top of ur game, even tho you feel like ur not learning anything useful, specifically to not have problems with that, and now you cannot even try to change classes even tho they are simply still hiring the ppl who should have been teaching you since semester started weeks ago. and then you graduate to work in an ok career, will not get much, but at least i am going to be able to have a job, just to feel like you have not actually learned a dang thing which forces you to go back to that academic setting that makes you want to actually commit ever since you were in school being the butt of everyone is joke, while still trying to manage working because you have to get out of ur parents house as soon as possible to live in whatever shitty place you can get if you want to cut an inch off your hair. even tho ur parents were living at your grandmas ur whole childhood and she did not give a shit what they did with their bodies, you do not get the same range because of, take a guess, fucking politics! that are not getting any better bc no matter what fucktards get in power you are still going to be discriminated against for the rest of your life on at least 3 dif bases and the people who fight for udont actually, they just want ur vote. you are probably going to be alone also because the person you love is also dying to go back to her home state, one of the less diverse regions in the country and wants to live moving places whereas with you that just sounds like a lot of planning and uncertainty and a lot of planning and uncertainty sounds like even more stress mocing around w ur profession that is not that easy but hey i got no ambition anyways so maybe that can be arranged . and it does not even matter bc there is no long run, the planet is literally fucjing dying! all and all, feels impossible to simply get over all of it and live normally just feels impossible not to be depressed
hello everyone thank you for taking the time to read this i m very new to anxiety and wanting to learn technique on how to navigate my way through episode i ve began changing my diet and gone back to being active although not a much a when i wa in better shape in order to keep my mind busy during the day however it flair up at night time randomly and i ve gone to the er a few time out of fear of it being a heart attack thankfully they ve all been negative however i still find it hard to shake the urge to go there i recently got some lab work and my pcp told me i have slightly high cholesterol but manageable with diet and exercise vi ramos d deficiency which i m supplementing with caroming and ensuring i get sun for at least an hour a day however the worse thing that flared it after almost a month of episode wa hearing that i m at risk for heart disease so i ve gone into overdrive on changing my eating habit and working out to ensure that i can lower my chance a much a possible there lie my fear whenever i feel the slightest change in my heart beat i become hypersensitive and can t shake the feeling and it spiral from there thankfully i ve had my mom and girl friend to lean on and they ve been godsend i ve also had heart to heart with my mom during episode that seem to help it come to an end i m aware that i must change aspect of my lifestyle to ensure my health stay good and i prolong my life but is there anything else that work for you maybe there s something i haven t thought of i also wanted to post this so that i could feel part of the community this is new to me and i m making myself a vulnerable a possible in real life being letting my family friend and co worker know whom all have been awesome btw and allowing them to know where i m at but there s something about surrounding myself with others that are currently working through it take make me feel stronger supported it might be late for a majority of you but i d appreciate any advice whether it s a movie scene book or activity i m open to all thing to add into my repertoire i just came down from an episode so i apologize for any spelling error or if my thought we re convoyed correctly thank you
my therapist says it is depression so this is why i am here. i am not sure what to do. i do basically nothing every day. i cannot go outside since my parents will not take me too often. i am 16, but i am not allowed to go alone. not for five minutes. i know my parents want the best for me. i still wish we could go outside more than once a month.my family fights every day. it has always been this way. the yelling sounds like they are killing each other. thankfully, there has never been any physical violence of any kind. but still.i write songs. that is the only thing i can do. i sometimes shower. it is extremely difficult to do so. i keep thinking of all these people who actually shower, brush their teeth, brush their hair, change into clean clothes every day and still have energy for other things. right now, i feel like i will never be able to do things like these. it sounds like way, way too much and yet it is normal to everyone.i do not feel like trying to get better. it is so far away, i cannot even picture a life where i can do basic human things. i cannot. i do not think i ever will.i have had maybe five friends my whole life and none of them at the same time. i am not just shy, i straight up cannot speak to most people. not even my own dad. i have always been like this. i know my parents want me to try harder and just talk like a normal person. i keep trying and it keeps not happening. i really wish i had a friend, but then i know it would be scary.i have always felt something is deeply wrong with me. i have never felt truly heard by anyone. ever. i know it sounds dramatic. it is true. i think i am human too. how weird can i get? everything i have ever accomplished has been against my own will. as for the things i actually want to do, they have never felt more impossible than today. sometimes i listen to this one song and the lyrics say i cannot seem to shake it yet, feeling that things may never change . it makes me cry because every time i hear it i realize time has passed and things have indeed not changed.this was long. i am so sorry for my rambling. thanks for letting me be myself. they say it gets better, does it? i do not think i am living
i am not capable of anything and i don't know what to do anymore i don't know how to say this, i want to get this off my chest. i have recently been released from a psychiatry after half a year and am now at a place where i have to do almost nothing, i didn't even do anything to get there. i just have to go there in the morning and leave after 5 hours. and i am too fucking incapable of even doing this. how the fuck am i supposed to achieve anything if i already fuck up at getting out of bed. i haven't stood up on time once since i left the clinic. i can't talk to people, i can't not look like a damn newborn piece of shite that has no life experience at all in the public and i can't fucking do anything a normal person would without getting overwhelmed or getting exhausted. i am at my limit from basically nothing, so how am i supposed to achieve anything? i am out of school which i barely managed to survive and don't have much time left before i have to leave my fathers place who is also responsible for me even having anything to do, which i don't appreciate nearly enough and who puts way too much energy into keeping me afloat and move very far away. i don't have the motivation to wake up in the morning for anything, as it all feels unnecessary and hopeless. there aren't even people i care for, not even my parents or something. and the handful of friends i have only talk to me when no one else is available. all of my school friends stopped talking to me the moment i left school. i had a girlfriend, but i didn't feel a bit of empathy at all, which i broke to her a few months later. now i yearn for the warmth i lost after that, which i probably won't experience ever, because i am, on top of all that, the most hideous, insecure, retarded fat piece of shit you'll ever see. i don't know what to do at all. i don't know who to talk to and how. i don't know if i can do this much longer, for i have no reason to do it. there is nothing that makes life worth living, as i don't have any interest or motivation for anything. i have so many problems, that i can't list here, that feel like they'll follow me to my grave. i need help. or someone to talk to. i don't know.
i was on depression medication bc i was having chest pains at random times. they did the full screening of my body to make sure it was not physically and everything was good. i started them and they were like okay? like it just kind of made me motivated than anything. sexual side effects got to me so now i am only on anxiety, which stops the chest pain but i still get anxious so like, i guess it stopped the terrible chest pain but like i am still anxious, which i guess is normal . i feel like its impossible to be in a relationship when i am like this. i broke up with my girlfriend for a few months like a year ago and i truly felt so good for awhile. maybe even she is weighing on me? anyways any tips anyone has on how they beat their depression battles? my depression is not like self harm but sometimes think what would happen if i just wrecked my car even though i never intentionally would , just some bad thoughts that i would not act on, no motivation, distance myself from everyone. for years i hated how skinny i was and when me and my gf broke up i put on some muscle and now i am getting a stomach i absolutely hate seeing, which then i do not put any consistent time into working out which does not help my mind either. i went on a few vacations and that was good to be out of this shitty area. mixed 21 year old in a republican racist ass area. like literally seen n word killer and drive by a truck with a black stay back sticker every single day. i am also absolutely terrible about talking about anything. i need out of this but idk how. i feel like last time i got like this i just broke up with my girlfriend and do not want to do that again. i work full time but literally do next to nothing all week which probably is not good for me in any way either. like where does this motivation come from? i want to actually be able to get out and stay out of this headspace. i am like genuinely ever happy just playing playstation with my friends talking to my friends on there. its the only time i am ever myself and with gf . its like a big ass disconnect from everything and lifes actually hood. tldr tips on finally beating depression any tips on trying to beat it?
i was on depression medication bc i was having chest pains at random times. they did the full screening of my body to make sure it was not physically and everything was good. i started them and they were like okay? like it just kind of made me motivated than anything. sexual side effects got to me so now i am only on anxiety, which stops the chest pain but i still get anxious so like, i guess it stopped the terrible chest pain but like i am still anxious, which i guess is normal. i feel like its impossible to be in a relationship when i am like this. i broke up with my girlfriend for a few months like a year ago and i truly felt so good for awhile. maybe even she is weighing on me? anyways any tips anyone has on how they beat their depression battles? my depression is not like self harm but sometimes think what would happen if i just wrecked my car even though i never intentionally would , just some bad thoughts that i would not act on, no motivation, distance myself from everyone. for years i hated how skinny i was and when me and my gf broke up i put on some muscle and now i am getting a stomach i absolutely hate seeing, which then i do not put any consistent time into working out which does not help my mind either. i went on a few vacations and that was good to be out of this shitty area. mixed 21 year old in a republican racist ass area. like literally seen n word killer and drive by a truck with a black stay back sticker every single day. i am also absolutely terrible about talking about anything. i need out of this but idk how. i feel like last time i got like this i just broke up with my girlfriend and do not want to do that again. i work full time but literally do next to nothing all week which probably is not good for me in any way either. like where does this motivation come from? i want to actually be able to get out and stay out of this headspace. i am like genuinely ever happy just playing playstation with my friends talking to my friends on there. its the only time i am ever myself and with gf . its like a big ass disconnect from everything and lifes actually hood. tldr tips on finally beating depression any tips on trying to beat it?
when you can t work and feel like a shadow of a character you put on for other people when you feel like such a burden to people you love almost like you are taking advantage of them because you need their help i got help but i still feel the effect of this depression medication doesn t seem to help the overall feeling that i feel is a lie i want to kill my self at least the identity that i am a strong man i m young i ve accomplished more than my father did at my age however i am still under his roof failure to launch and failure to exercise work life balance living with what i see to be bipolar disorder and the effect it ha on my and other people life holding on to the idea i have that to commit suicide would be murder in the eye of god because i am a slave of his i gave up my life because jesus gave up his struggling to understand or at least accept my sinful nature and reject it at the same time struggling with the idea that perhaps i m trans perhaps i m gay perhaps i m yes that s ok looking at myself gain weight because of my own lack of self control with eating going from the most disciplined with cutting weight for a pro fight going from 0lbs to lb in le than month getting fairly close to the former in i feel sick i feel worthless impotent the exact opposite of what i felt month ago i wan na be well for other people sake i wan na be taken advantage of in the future a work horse for someone a husband a friend an artist just not a crazy one but what can i do i didn t choose to be mad i just am i want to overdose so far i do so with caffeine and nicotine had i been able to get myself to drink alcohol i d use that however i hate hangover i think once i wake up in limbo i ll still feel it doing everything i can to lock myself in the house and not jump off a bridge head first onto the highway running out of video to watch on youtube running out of idea for making music feeling alone feeling a buzz from my med a i type this feeling god looking at me over my shoulder the devil over the other i want to be ripped in two the life i want is living a duel life one for jesus the other with satan queer perhaps my favorite word lately i identify a that queer
too much is going wrong and i do not know how much more i can take. i am at work and i just want to go cry in the bathroom because i cannot stop thinking about how am i going to solve these issues. for starters, i just discovered we have bed bugs and i am trying to figure out when i will have time to stop this infestation and being eaten alive at night. i work ten hour shifts usually six days a week and that uses up all of my mental energy for the day. my bank credit card effed up my autopay and charged the wrong card, one i do not use anymore, despite me putting in the new info multiple times and choosing it as my payment method so my payments and apr went through the roof after multiple return payments, late fees, and overdrafts from that bank card. i tried to bandage this situation by doing a balance transfer to another card but for some reason the transfer went through twice which doubled the balance. both companies are basically telling me the balance transfer transaction is closed so there is nothing i can do...my boyfriend said i was lazy this morning and that really hurt... i know i am not the neatest, i really want to clean and have a neat apartment, but i just can never find the motivation to get up and start cleaning. i just want to be off my aching feet when i get home from work and enjoy what little time i have forgetting the world on my pc til it is time to go to sleep and do it all over again..our dryer went out and so laundry is piling up. we have only had this dryer for like two months. it is still under warranty and they looked at it over a week ago and said they had to order a part. it should have come by now. every time we try to call the repair guy he has a full mailbox. i have neither the time, money, nor emotional energy to lug this shit to the laundromat. i am tired of working so much and still being broke. i do not really mind work overall, but it just sucks to work so much and still have no money left over. i am doing my best not to cry as i type this at work so i do not look like a fool in front of my coworkers.. i am sorry. it just feels so overwhelming today... i do not know what to do... i feel so overwhelmed today...
hi everyone. i am a 23 year old male nurse that has been working for three years now. i was diagnosed with major depression while i was in high school along with anxiety, and tourette syndrome.i have been battling suicidal thoughts ever since high school and i have been hospitalized at an inpatient psychiatric facility three times. i cannot remember if being inpatient actually helped me though. i have been receiving electroconvulsive therapy ect for a little over a year and have had two acute series done. the ect has ruined my memory and it does not seem to be helping any longer. i had a treatment done on monday and was already feeling severely depressed and suicidal by tuesday night. i do not know what to do.i could commit myself again, but my brother's white coat ceremony is coming up and i need my pto to be able to fly out there to see it. i also do not want my family to worry. i love them and they are the only reason that i have not killed myself yet. i also do not even know if its worth it. i have been inpatient three times already and the suicidal thoughts are still there.i do have a couple of good things going on in my life though. i have a great job and a extremely loving family that is almost always willing to put up with a call from me because i know it helps my depressed mood. i have told everyone that i talk to regularly my brother, sister, aunt, uncle, dad, and mom that i have been feeling down and that talking to them helps improve my mood. however, i have been struggling with the feeling that i am starting to call them too often. i just do not want to bother them.to make things worse, my therapist is currently on maternity leave. i have a substitute therapist but that just is not the same. on top of my depression, my anxiety is so severe that i am unable to make friends. i have not had a friend since high school and that was only because i was friends with my twin brother's friends. i just get so flustered when i am around people that i can barely talk. i do not know. everything just feels like too much. i am so tired and frustrated. i am just ready for everything to be over. i feel like i have been depressed most of my adult life.
it all started a couple year ago when i wa about to start a new job i wa lucky and bet that the stock market would go down with the few thousand dollar i made from my internship of course this wa when covid wa just hitting so i became hugely profitable from only a couple thousand dollar to m in value in only a month thinking back on it i wa crazy reckless i made my first million and then le than a week later i made my second million i wa feeling incredible thought i could retire and never have to work again but like all gambler i kept putting my money in trying to make more and more of course with the risk i wa taking eventually it would all come crashing down fast forward today i m now k in debt plus another 0k in student loan on the surface my friend think i m hugely successful because i flexed i made m to them didn t spend a dime though just kept trying to make more and more i also make 00k a year 00k salary with the rest a a one time bonus but only have in my bank account currently i no longer play in the stock market but have recently been doing sport gambling of course i keep losing money on that there are time that i go on a nice streak but it s like every time i lose i keep trying to make back my loss which make me do even dumber play i m not sure what i m expecting by writing this but i feel so embarrassed to tell the people i m close with my girlfriend of multiple year know that i no longer have a lot of money but don t know i m in debt my parent are super supportive but i m too embarrassed to tell them how bad my situation is i guess that s why i m writing to a bunch of stranger online i know my pursuit of trying to make back my money is wrong but i can t stop trying to get out of debt i feel so dumb it s like i see a rock in front of me but i keep on tripping over it it feel like i m slowly unraveling and feeling incredibly hopeless i can t sleep thinking about how my life ha gone downhill in such a short period of time my younger self would be straight up embarrassed if he could see me now i don t have suicidal thought yet but no longer feel the same motivation in life that i used to if only i never made that money in the first place
there are a number of cognitive behavior therapy cbt techniques that i have found helpful for myself including spielmans 3 p model, which helps explain depression and anxiety. it says that there are 3 main factors that come together to create a chronic illness like depression or anxiety disorders . the first is predisposing factors. predisposing factors are things like genetics or cultural family attitudes and they are generally out of our control. predisposing factors increase our chance of developing the symptoms of a chronic issue if the other two factors are also present . the next is precipitating factors or triggers which lead to the manifestation of the symptoms in your case maybe the panic attack at 13 . precipitating factors are usually traumatic experiences. in order for the illness to become chronic, there generally needs to be perpetuating factors as well. perpetuating factors are thoughts or behaviors which often initially arose to help you cope with the symptoms, but now are causing the issue to continue. behavioral activation is a specific type of cbt for depression that helps you identify what your perpetuating behaviors may be and take concrete steps to stop engaging in those behaviors. an example of one of my own perpetuating factors for depression was isolating myself not leaving the house. in many cases this urge to isolate arose out of mental fatigue or to avoid anxiety provoking situations. but in the long run, too much isolation worsened my depression because i ended up cutting myself off from the people, activities, and outside information outside of my own brain that helped me regulate my emotions and feel more pleasure joy. changing a perpetuating behavior once you have identified it takes patience and coping skills. coping skills help you cope with the uncomfortable emotions that come up in a way that does not perpetuate the problem. it was hard for me to get myself to do the therapy especially in the beginning but i can tell it has really rewired my brain in a way that makes life feel more pleasant. i am sorry about your suffering and i hope you find a way to feel better soon. cbt principles that i have found helpful
im getting tired of trying hi guys. first time on this sub. im here because i cant talk about this with anyone anymore. my gf is tired of hearing my depressed talk. family too. i don t blame them. i ve always suffered from anxiety but its been a year since i ve been experiencing depression. im not diagnosed, not been to therapy, ive been broke and have to eat too. but its an overwhelming feeling. i feel tired, i dont wanna do anything. its hard for me to enjoy anything. i feel like im a failure. im about to be 30 and i dont have shit, my career as an artist sucks, im not getting no clients and also its extremely hard to put myself out there cause i feel like im so miserable people will be able to tell. i dont wanna see people anymore, i hate to being asked how im doing. i feel it s exhausting for my loved ones to deal with me and i cant really blame them. it s exhausting for me too. maybe they dont have the tools to understand. im never hungry anymore. something triggered me yesterday, a friend of mine is getting engaged and i hate myself cause i really wanna be happy for them and i am. but also served as a reminder for me im in a very low point in my life and i don t know how to get out. it makes me feel so miserable when i think of how miserable i ended up to be. if that makes sense. and ive tried to do certain things. learning new things. to distract myself. but i still have this overwhelming sadness on me and i really try to ser a way this will get better but seems to only get worse. i really dont see the right path. my dreams and aspirations are all broken and i can only cry when thinking about them. and i know there s plenty people in probably worse situations than myself and i feel like maybe i shouldn t be complaining. but i dont know what to do. theres so many layers to this. i often ser my belongings and think of whatll people do with them if i die. i try to imagine the world without me and itll really wont be missing anything. im thinking about my death every day now and im afraid. im writing this here cause i dont feel i have people to talk about this anymore and just wanted to let it out. i tried t summarize it as much as i could.
i also posted this in the bipolar subreddit but i want to post it here too. so, i am on a mood stabilizer and wellbutrin and they are supposed to be helping my adhd and my mood and they are not. this sounds like i am just complaining but i am not trying to. i am just tired. i have tried so many antidepressants and each one makes me hypomanic. at this point though maybe that is preferable to how i am now, although my psychiatrist will probably never prescribe one to me again. every day i come home and i try to get things done. what ends up happening is i collapse on the couch, my bed, or the floor in my room and stare off into space. i have no energy. sometimes i have thoughts, sometimes i do not. i can picture a miniature me banging against my skull trying to get me to move or do something, literally anything, and i cannot. have you guys felt this way too? these feelings are different than the crash depression that comes after mania but perhaps it is still depression? although i have been depressed before but this feels different. maybe its obvious, i am sorry but i have a lot of difficulty understanding my emotions. i have tried therapy but they just assume things. maybe its like adhd depression or something? or adhd making things worse? but i have no motivation whatsoever. things that are sad or stressful happen and i am completely emotionless. at work when things get fast paced i completely dissociate and i feel like i am in a dream. and if i do cry, it stops and the emotions switch off. i feel like a robot or a machine, yet a useless one who cannot do anything. my brain feels like mush. there is so many things i could do exercise, read, paint, study for an upcoming exam, play my instrument, bake, go outside. and yet time passes and i do nothing, aware of every minute that goes by that i am completely wasting. i feel like a fraud with my friends. with my family i am irritable and i am convinced they hate me more each day. well, i hate me more each day too. they wonder how i can be taking my medication and still be this way. i do not know what the point of this is, i just want to be different. i want it all to go away. what is wrong with me
hey guy i m and female and i ve been struggling with my mental health for the past year i ve had a lot of suicidal episode all of them were in my head so i never actively did anything except wishing to die but the wish of dying got bigger in the past month i just hate my life and i struggle so much it s just crazy i don t see any pleasure in living but my problem is that i feel like i m not 00 ly sure if i want this my reason of dying i might have ocd and this shit is just a living hell i keep ruminating so much and i just can t continue to live like that this sickness ha taken so much lifetime away from me i have horrible thought about the people i love the most and i m scared i might have harmed them in any way and i wouldn t be able to live with that i just hate life when you see me from the outside you ll think that i m a happy person but i m not i struggle with anxiety and panic so much they re part of my daily life i just have too many issue all of the pain will be over the problem is that my elder brother past away a month ago and my family wouldn t be able to handle two death child i told a close friend about my suicidal thought but i think that he didn t fully understand me he doesn t know that this is something that i m considering all the time about therapy i can t get any help bc of my parent so no matter what you ll say about therapy it won t be possible i just want everything to end i ve suffered enough i ve had enough of this life maybe i m being selfish but i ll have to do what s best for me in the last day i haven t been able to do anything good i mostly laid in my bed on the phone i just don t find any motivation in thing i eat very bad and then my stomach will hurt the next day my sleep schedule is fucked up too but it ha gotten better in the last day i feel so sick and when i m with my friend i play the girl who s always happy while i m not i just hate life i ve harmed myself a few time but it wa just biting myself i wanted to do more extreme thing but then i didn t bc i don t see how self harm could help me i d like to die a painless death or maybe commit suicide indirectly so that my family won t see that i killed myself
hey everyone, i am a 25 year old with a bachelors in civil engineering, currently working for the government and living with my mom. i feel like i can no longer recognize myself now, in comparison to 3 years ago, when i was in university. i used to be confident, good with women, played a bunch of sports, partied and graduated with honors. after university, i could not find a job until about 8 months of coming back home and living with my mom. during that time, naturally, i did not feel good about being unemployed. however, i eventually got hired by the public works department in a managerial position as an engineer. the plan was to live with my mom, save most of my money and then go off to do my master's.during this time i have gained 25 lbs, i hardly go out even worse due to the pandemic , no relationship except for 1 fling, 2 years ago and i do not have the drive to do anything. i guess i became complacent with my situation. i just go to work and come home rinse and repeat.the pandemic definitely messed up my plans to do my master's degree, but i think i am lowkey using it as an excuse, because i am afraid to fail. this idea of failure is also very prominent since i finished my bachelor's. i am even afraid to play video games competitively, because i am afraid i will be outdone by my friends. when it comes to private engineering jobs, i am also very anxious because i think i will make a mistake. i have given up 3 private jobs already, with the 3rd happening today and i feel extremely shitty about it, because i felt it was my chance at redemption. i feel as if i am giving up all my chances of making a name for myself and i am watching life pass me by. i cannot recall a time i have actually had a good time, since i finished university. i am not happy with my appearance due to my weight gain, which contributes to me not wanting to go out. then staying home just kills my drive to do anything productive. i know it sounds like an easy fix just lose weight and do this and that and get your life back on track, but i just do not feel motivated. i do not know how to get my drive back. i am not sure if i am depressed, but i definitely feel like shit.
hey people 0 started with one huge panic attack and dissociation and all that fancy stuff for me that really messed it all up about ish month ago i started going to therapy and i can leave the house feel normal and do all the thing even stay in front of people with no issue all that stuff but when it s about pm or later i get this insane exhaustion and zoned out feel i get sensitive i feel like my head is full of wool and i am very sensitive to dissociating which could result in panic moment i have my survival kit inspired by people with bpd some stuff i can touch some stuff to smell including ammonia capsule for super intense moment which i have never used before and all that but this is more for the acute stuff the zoning out in the evening creep up on me it doesn t come 0 to 00 in a few second it arrives slowly and go away slowly and it is so annoying i would even say that without this feeling i would be 90ish anxiety free that s because this feeling is the main thing that lead to anxiety in the first place some topic i am sensitive to but that s not relevant for this post without this massive exhaustive burst and the zoning out i would feel what i consider to be normal mindfulness meditation can sometimes get me out of this but this is usually sort of a training that help me control the stuff when it s there or for accepting it but i wan na know if there is something that can help me in my daily management to not even have it happen or at least reduce it oh btw showering help too and eating also reduces zoning out weirdly enough since i started zoning out i am not really able to properly detect hunger anger and zoning out usually come first for context i am a university student with ton of deadline in my back i am easily stressed but i have no other choice than powering through i am semi successful with all that uni stuff but it work i can run the household too i take care of myself i cook healthy food i shower and working out is on the plan too but not existant rn because i have so many assignment to take care of thanks for any help i know this is a lot of random text but i am just looking for someone who is experiencing similiar thing
so far this year hasn t exactly been easy i ve been out of work cause my grandpa had back pain that he had to get surgery for then he had to be put in the hospital due to internal bleeding then he got diagnosed with cancer then he had to go to the hospital again due to fluid build up and if that weren t enough something happened between my dad and stepmom that had me afraid that they were gon na get a divorce or something thankfully thing had be getting better lately i managed to get an xbox series x my grandpa is out of the hospital and making a lot of progress on regaining his strength thing are now better between my dad and stepmom and a game i ve been eagerly looking forward to tiny tina s wonderland will be releasing this friday however my enthusiasm is starting to rain dramatically now i m getting to the point where i d have to work on final assignment and honestly i m not exactly feeling great about them one for my technical writing class ha so many step and aspect i have to try and think about that even though it s the one that ha me the least worried i feel myself getting depressed thinking about it but a for my maine history class that s the one that really ha me overwhelmed for that i have to write a term paper of at least double spaced page on an issue in maine history not only is that by far the biggest paper i would have to write since 0 0 but it s on a subject that i m seriously not exactly passionate about even though i m from maine i can t exactly think of any big issue in the state s history let alone one s i can write page about the closest thing i thought of is the fact that paleontology is very limited in this state but i m not exactly sure if that subject will fly and i m almost certain that won t be able to turn that into page now i m at the point where i m just absolutely sick of college and what assignment like this keep doing to me and my mental health i swear once i have enough credit for my associate degree i am fucking done with this shit i could keep going for my bachelor s but since i m going part time it will take me another year and i can t stand the idea of having to go through all that for that much longer
i am a 34 year old woman who is a virgin. i have not kissed a guy in nine years and i have not gone on a date in a while. i am not having any luck on dating apps. i gained weight during the pandemic and i feel like crap because i have not lost it. i feel like such a loser. everything is opening up again, and i still have the same problems. my dad is home now after surgery and its gotten even worse. i almost ended up in the hospital last week. the doctor was smart enough to realize the cops overreacted. i had not been transported to the hospital since 2017 and they still did it anyway because it had happened in the past. i just feel so isolated from everyone. i do not have anyone to talk to or spend time with. i feel guilty for venting to my friend, she is starting to think i am an overactive bitch.i stopped working to try and focus on home and it has not helped much. i really do not want to go back to where i was working because i felt like they did not care how uncomfortable i was there. i had a table instead of a desk. my desk was in a walk in closet, along with a copier, a microwave, a refrigerator and the paper storage. i was facing towards the wall, so i never knew who was behind me. you have to walk past the closet to get to hr and i could hear peoples hr discussions, which made me feel uncomfortable. people also left medical forms lying around. i just felt like i had no privacy or space and was constantly invading other peoples privacy. but my boss did not seem to think it was a problem. i could not even move my chair back without hitting the fridge. not to mention having to smell other peoples food.i have done interviews and heard nothing. i feel like the pandemic killed any career momentum i had. i am giving to be 35 soon and i am just worried its too late for me to do the things i want to do, like being in a rock band and tour the country, find love and get married, buy my own house in a place i want to live and have a job where i can grow and have a future. it just feels like the doors are closing and time is running out. i am so depressed right now. i wish i knew when this feeling would end. i am worried its too late for me
i am a teenager highschooler and basically a loner with so little friends, i am struggling with emotions but not mentally ill, i have misophonia at the age of 14 and was born with mood swings, i could not control my own anger and sadness aswell. back then, i have been already emotionally unstable and i seriously cannot fight my thoughts and feelings about a lot of things. i thought about hating myself all the time, even the girls and guys at our school think that i am a jerk, a weirdo, a stranger and many more, i used to have friends but they never returned to me and i drifted away from them,i got lonely, i have no one to talk to, but i am not so shy and i do love to talk but i am also not so desperate at chatting with anyone, i think it is just better to leave them by.. i hate to say but inb4 i had many friends like a lot of friends but thinks gets worse as i become so confident, egotistical and narcissistic. they started to hating me, every groupings i have been the sore eyes from them, i have gotten very lonely by that, and never got any friends left... i am probably a loser, a creep, uninteresting and stupid. i never stop thinking about those days that people laugh at my mistakes i hope i was born a monster that i could fight back, but since i know it is wrong i just could not do it, i also think that i am a coward and weak and such... there more stuff that i wanted to say but let me end this for just a couple more because i do not want to make this too long. i was a very kind and loyal person, i love to give people what they want and it joys me everytime i hear say thanks but no one in my acquaintances seems to know me well, i have passion about art and 3d sculpture but seems to fade away because of lack of motivation...i wish i could much as in this subreddit... i freakn love this sub, i hope i could cure my depression and i am so thankful to be here sharing some advices, i know these things that i shared are not the ones that is, as worse as the other ones but i believe that there is many more like me that needs help and after reading this would help us reach others hands and start a new friendship. i cannot escape my thoughts
i do not know when it started but i found out that my father and all of my relatives in his side do not believe in mental illnesses. it was in 8th grade when i started showing signs of depression and i got into this rebellious phase, this is also where he started texting me how he will beat me and wished that i was never his daughter because i was not normal . he was not in the country at that time so he was not able to touch me. i never told my mother, i felt like nobody could not accept me and it affected my performance in school and my relationship with other people.fast forward, at the beginning of my time as in 11th grade, i was diagnosed with depression and i even had to lie to some of the doctor's questions so that the results will not be worse. i was given a letter to see a psychiatrist and now i am about to start college and i still never went. i still remember how my father threatened to beat me and make sure that almost all of my teeth fell off if he finds out that i have not been acting like a normal teenager i had a fight with him again this quarantine and even though i am agnostic, that night i thanked god because he was not in the country and he was not able to hurt me. he kept saying that i was a mistake and an embarrassment. everyone in the family just excused it as his way of saying he loves me because he just wants the best for me and it is just because of high blood that he could not control what he says i want to run away. i hate everyone in this house. and even though that my mother is the only reason i am living, i hate her the most for letting him treat me like this. for a woman who showed me how strong she was by not relying on my father's money and embodied independence, she is the weakest person ever.until this day, i have never heard an apology from him. only material gifts which was his way of saying you cannot hate me, i bought you this expensive item he poured his money on me while i was growing up and i hated myself for that because now i cannot even stand up alone in the outside world now without finding them and relying on their help i am such a failure parents that do not believe in mental illnesses
anxious thought it will be like this forever. redirect i am telling you man it will not. i just experienced the craziest turnaround. it literally feels miraculous. and all your distorted thoughts will seem to matter so much less. you can think them and not respond emotionally. you are not trapped in your mind. your mind is wide and spacious, open to new ideas. you are still a human being with limitations but you can accept those limitations. and the feeling of joy, good god, it is worth it. family and laughter and good food and all things human. its good to be human. you should not want to be anything else. you are loved and love is enough. and ideas of god or freedom or evil or eternity, they are not what is causing this pain. they will still be there and they are worth struggling with but they are not your enemy. you got this brother. read this again. and i know you are going to say you just do not understand. but i do. i am sitting here not six hours removed from the worst day of your life and i am telling you it gets better. sometimes all the way better. my hole was pretty deep and here i am standing at the top of it looking down. so weep six times a day. tell everyone you meet that its all for naught. be mad at god. be mad at life. wish you were a cat. but when the sun shines again, come back here and thank me. everyone is in your corner. especially me. because i am right here, waiting for you. the right drug, the right time, the right person, the right therapy, the right fucking random collusion of events and everything can change. hope is not foolish. hope is a big fuck you to a cold, universe that tricks you into believing there is nothing more here for you. and anything that heartless deserves a big fuck you. believe. and let other people hold that belief for you. they want to. they get something out of being there for you. you build intimacy. you share their love. you bolster their truth. were all in this together. well all in the same fight. and it is so so worth it. i am telling you. it is worth it. one more time for the people in the back. it is worth it. now shut the fuck up and do the work. some encouragement for you.
i am so sick of opening my phone and seeing that i did not get any notifications, i am tired of people ignoring me, i am tired of people not responding to me. it makes me feel like i am not deserving of peoples time and attention why do not ppl take 5 seconds out of their day to respond to me?????? why am i so unimportant to everyone i hate that every single fucking time i talk to my mom she starts yelling at me or finds a way to turn it into an argument. i am so tired of my siblings treating me like i am background noise, they do not listen to me, they pay attention to their phones rather than what i am saying. its like they just straight up do not listen to me when i am talking. how am i supposed to get more social if no one likes or respects me? i can never talk about how i feel with anyone because i do not have a therapist or any friends so i just keep my emotions bottled up all day or i just try to turn my emotions off. this is very bad because some days like today when i am so tired of everything i explode and i am full of negative emotions. today i made a joke to my sister and she just said that was not funny. even though i clearly just enjoyed telling her. i did not say anything else after that but i was really mad in my head. so i told our family group chat that i am sick of them ignoring me all the time and being mean to me for no reason and that i do not want to talk to them anymore. i regret doing that so much because guess what happened? no seriously guys take a wild guess they completely ignored how i feel now they probably think i am a sensitive drama queen. i feel 100 times worse. i feel like i completely overreacted, btw i was not exactly mad because she called me unfunny, ofc i do not expect everyone to laugh at my jokes but i just do not like the fact that she is just so casually mean to me all the time if that makes sense. i do not want to force anyone to be nice to me but like cmon ppl i am a human being too. i did not write this because i want anyone to sympathize for me or pity me lol i just needed a place to vent srry i feel like i do not even exist, i am just here for no reason and i am sick of being ignored
i do not know when it started but i found out that my father and all of my relatives in his side do not believe in mental illnesses. it was in 8th grade when i started showing signs of depression and i got into this rebellious phase, this is also where he started texting me how he will beat me and wished that i was never his daughter because i was not normal. he was not in the country at that time so he was not able to touch me. i never told my mother, i felt like nobody could not accept me and it affected my performance in school and my relationship with other people.fast forward, at the beginning of my time as in 11th grade, i was diagnosed with depression and i even had to lie to some of the doctor's questions so that the results will not be worse. i was given a letter to see a psychiatrist and now i am about to start college and i still never went. i still remember how my father threatened to beat me and make sure that almost all of my teeth fell off if he finds out that i have not been acting like a normal teenager i had a fight with him again this quarantine and even though i am agnostic, that night i thanked god because he was not in the country and he was not able to hurt me. he kept saying that i was a mistake and an embarrassment. everyone in the family just excused it as his way of saying he loves me because he just wants the best for me and it is just because of high blood that he could not control what he says i want to run away. i hate everyone in this house. and even though that my mother is the only reason i am living, i hate her the most for letting him treat me like this. for a woman who showed me how strong she was by not relying on my father's money and embodied independence, she is the weakest person ever.until this day, i have never heard an apology from him. only material gifts which was his way of saying you cannot hate me, i bought you this expensive item he poured his money on me while i was growing up and i hated myself for that because now i cannot even stand up alone in the outside world now without finding them and relying on their help i am such a failure parents that do not believe in mental illnesses
hi all,i posted the following on r advice too. i am not sure how to cross post from my phone. scroll down for the tldr. thanks!i am looking for some advice. my late 30s brother is going through a bad break up and maybe an early midlife crisis at the moment, and i want to help him somehow. the problem is hes making it difficult. hes acting like an absolutely reckless, self absorbed, mean, superficial, posturing asshole.hes very successful professionally, but his personal life is a mess. this and what follows probably sounds judgy, but i love him dearly and i am worried about his safety.we have a history of bipolar disorder in my family. right now, hes fixated on having a bunch of random, unprotected sex, aggressively driving his car and motorcycles, partying, etc. you get the picture. hes really focused on appearance, his own and everyone elses who do not meet his criteria family not excluded . and the other day he casually said that he could die tomorrow and it would not matter.all of his family, including me, live in other parts of the country. he hangs out with a new batch of partying, just as reckless early 20s friends every few months, so no one he has history or strong friendships with. he hasong term friends, but they are not really in tough. they all have families now which is not really conducive to his lifestyle. i feel like there is no one in his life who is looking out for him or calling him on his behavior.i have been trying to talk to him as much as i can, but it does not seem to be helping. i have suggested he see a therapist i have gotten a lot out of therapy myself but he thinks he can figure things out on his own.to be clear, there is nothing wrong with having lots of sex or caring what you look like. its just on the extreme end of things and i feel like its only a matter of time before something bad happens. for what its worth, hes generally an intelligent, responsible, clear headed, funny, charming, and romantic person.does anyone have experience with a similar situation?tldr how can i help a depressed brother who refuses help and is pushing everyone who cares about him away? suggestions for helping my brother?
someone i thought loved me my ex fianc of six year just told me i should go kill myself oh and just a few week ago he said i should go hang myself so i guess i can just go do it now clearly everyone in my life will be better off if i just end it all now i finally got confirmation of that oh do it on your birthday so you can go out the same day you came in april 9th is my birthday so i guess it s happening he cheated on me on my birthday last year anyways and knocked that girl up so i guess it s time now i should start preparing and i ve been trying to get rid of all my stuff and give it to friend or donate it anyways my camera are going to my best friend my video game and console can go to my nephew i have another niece or nephew on the way that i won t get to meet but it s ok i guess it s better that way i am giving my clothes to domestic violence shelter and a couple friend i m going to give all my art supply to my best friend too i have ton of unopened canvas and paint i m going to give my book to the library in my hometown i ve got a little over a month i think i can do it then i have a surgery i fought for for over year on the th but there s really no point in doing it now i guess i ll just call them and tell them i back up give my spot to someone who need it my sister ha her gender reveal on the th so i guess that will be my goodbye they won t even know it but i will tell them i love them a lot and in my note i ve written page upon page of apology for being a failure of a daughter and sister hopefully they forgive me i had a long note for my ex fianc but i m not giving one anymore he s far away and my family hate him so there s no guarantee he d get it even if i wanted to i have been wanting to die for year since i wa little i first broke a mirror and cut myself at the age of fucking i ve had nearly ten different attempt i think it s finally time i don t want to live anymore and i finally got permission by someone who claimed to love me that i should just do it so in a way it wa a huge gift from him to say that i am thankful for it it gave me peace i can just do it now and be done with it so honestly awesome i m so relieved
figure i can use this as a place to just make a diary or something. idk maybe it helps maybe it does not. anyways the whole purpose of my future posts here will serve as a diary to my life as a depressed person. i decided since my birthday is coming up soon and i have nothing to show for my life that i am giving myself 1 more year and then i am going on a vacation from this plane of existence. i do not have any friends and my parents are getting up there in age so i will be alone soon. no girlfriend and quite honestly it is going to take a fucking miracle for something to heal me and unfuck me up.it is not a doom and gloom entirely. despite all of this i think there is a glimmer of hope if i can for lack of a better term focus like my life depends on it. if i can at least fix my job situation maybe i can muster enough to find something else but right now the issue , i am depressed as hell. i do not think i can be around people and fake a positive interaction. i am on edge rn and i do not want to offend anyone and at the same time i hate this bullshit game of life where i am having to pretend people are friendly when in reality it is dog eat dog. working is ok with me so long as i do not have to talk to anyone...at least if i work 24 7 i will not be entirely suffering in this lonely pit.i need to learn how to code and program as quick as possible. this seems like it is my last hope. if i can master this over the course of the year i might live to see 2023. over the course of august i will be working 40 hours , working out , eating clean, and studying. i am either going to survive this or i am going to die , literally. there is nothing i can see saving me right now and i am losing all hope. this is my last shot.i really wish i did not have to feel this constant heartache and constant want to breakdown in tears. it sucks people are going to judge me because i cannot smile. it sucks that the only way out this is suffering through an intense type of personal hell to where you quite literally die and a new personality is either born or you fail and die.at least there is peace in knowing i choose when i go, sorta. day 1 before we begin
my psychological health has been going rapidly down latly.the worst part is that i notice how my toughts get darker and more controversial, like racism, sexism, etc.i was once in therapy, did not quite work, i might be too stubborn and value therapist too little.its summer time where i live, everyone is on vacation or having fun in the sun. while i isolate myself even harder and start to chain smoke just to pass the time, even though the whole covid story is pretty much over.i am currently learing to drive, it is not going too well. i feel so anxious even tho i have nothing to loose.i want nothing more then death, however i believe that i will never actually do it. i will probebly get quite old with a lots of regrets and bad memories.sometimes i am thinking about evolution and destiny. how do we humans evolve? i keep asking myself how our genetics get filtered. no matter how much of a piece of shit you are, somewhere out there is someone just as shitty as you waiting to start a family with you. to let the bad genetics live and multiply. for lives that are not worth anything. i believe that the only way we evolve is through death. dying of the weak. either you are stupid unlucky and die in an accident or have courage to kill yourself if you notice that your bloodline is unworthy. i feel or rather know that my bloodline is unworthy, that it needs to pass away. but i lack the courage to kill myself and have enough luck and fear for my live to not die in an accident. but at the same time i fear growing old and the breeding instincts kicking in for me to have the sudden urge to have a family in my 30ths. i do not want kids. this life is not worth it. i should never put another soul through a life like this.but at the same time i should be happy. for food,shelter,warmth,health,finicial stability, a somewhat good goverment. all these things i take for granted. still i am just always sad,unmotivated,pessimistic.i do not deserve all these materialistic things. i do not value them at all.i do not really know why i wrote all of this. it is late and i need to vent. this post will not change anything. nothing will. i do not know what to do.
joined a few months ago but this is my first post. i 26f was diagnosed with clinical depression over 10 years ago and within this past year that diagnosis has changed to severe clinical depression generalized anxiety disorder. admittedly, i do not offer up this information freely aside from close friends and family not out of shame, more so hoping not to have triggering conversations in social family situations. anyway, growing up in an emotionally void and abusive household i have become such a people pleaser ill often offer every ounce of my time, money, energy, resources etc. to those who need it which i have realized subconsciously i have been programmed to believe is the only way to receive love. these past two years have been so hard. depression broke apart my engagement, lost me my dream job, and i have disconnected with essentially all of my friends because i am just too exhausted to reply or leave home outside of necessity. this week i began to take baby steps toward feeling better including opening up to my loved ones, starting therapy, and medication. next was my financial situation which i have ignored this was quite scary but i knew i had to start facing things scared or not. my absolute closest friend had been trying to plan a trip across the country that i would love to love to attend but truthfully, was so daunting as the date neared closer. finally today i faced this pile of bills and realized there was no way i could attend this extravagant trip and rationally spend 1500 or so for it we had not booked flights yet which were 500 alone . i knew i had to have a really difficult conversation and finally today i did. as raw and honest as possible about the reasons id not known this sooner and how i could not bare the thought of them being upset with me over it. i apologized profusely as this is a result of my own actions. they are upset, not necessarily at me directly but says they just want to make alternate plans with their bf. i am so relieved to not worry about this trip anymore, but now i worry my negligence toward myself has really lost me another friend now. put myself first for once. feel extremely guilty
unable to overcome extreme stress severely impacting my productivity i am seriously regretting my decision to go to grad school i thought i was prepared for it, but i'm wasn't. i was an academically strong student in my undergraduate program and went straight to grad school after because i really enjoy academia. i found my education to be so fulfilling but now the spark is completely lost. ever since starting grad school my anxiety has never been worse. i have always struggled, but not like this. i have panic attacks just from opening up my computer to do work. the thought of opening my email makes my chest hurt. anxiety is showing up in other areas i've had panic attacks because i was just convinced i was going to die within the next few days because i just felt it. i have panic attacks when someone calls me, thinking they are going to tell me there's been some horrible tragedy. i'm convinced i see people with guns pointed toward me and i am going to be a victim of a mass shooting. i know there's something really wrong going on right now, and i'm so depressed. i have no drive to do things. the fear of consequences is building up my anxiety, but the thought of doing the thing just seems like the most impossible feat. i've barely submit any assignments i keep trying to get them done. i tell myself that today is going to be the day i tackle even just one small thing, but this horrible feeling inside my chest and stomach just paralyzes me from being able to get anything done. i tell myself in 5 minutes i'll get up, it turns into 30 minutes, to 5 hours then the next thing i know i've exhausted myself from just thinking about what i have to do amp i decide that i will try again tomorrow. each time i try again, i fail. i wish there was a way others could see how much effort i am putting in even brushing my teeth and taking a shower are demanding tasks. eating isn't even enjoyable amp food doesn't taste appealing to me i nearly gag with every bite trying to feed myself. i wish i didn't have to feel like this. i want to enjoy school and pursue my passions. i was so proud of how far i've come, only to let is all crash and burn now.
i am horrible with words and conveying thoughts so a she will is the best way i can describe this feeling. i remember may of 2018 when i graduated from college. that was a wonderful experience and a serious milestone in my life. i was so proud of my accomplishment and was absolutely elated the entire week through the graduation ceremony. i felt excited to begin the new chapter of my life starting a new job, making my own money, having my own true apartment. at that time i felt pretty happy.in january of this year i had been offered a new job after searching for 18 months . i had received a 40 salary increase, had the opportunity to move to atlanta and move back in with my twin brother. one would argue that this was a serious milestone i achieved after graduating from college. should not i be elated about this opportunity? i have been in the new job for 5 months, the new city for 3 months. as i am typing this post out, i am doing some serious soul searching and asking myself, how do i truly feel about this incredible milestone? that is just it, i do not feel anything. all i truly feel towards this is it is a milestone, and it happened. its like there is this she will around me that refuses any emotion from entering. i would hate to use the word dull but that is really what it feels like. the outward emotion that this entire milestone feels, just dull . and yet in reality dull is not at all how i should be describing this insane achievement. honestly, its hard to explain.side note i have not been diagnosed with depression but today at work my boss noticed i was making more mistakes than usual so he asked me is everything going ok in your world? atlanta still treating you ok? just wanted to check in on you because its not like you to make mistakes. let me know if you need anything. him questioning this made me think about the status of my mental state over the past few days and a she will is how i would describe it. and honestly i have felt this way for the past year almost, even at my old job. i have no one to talk to deeply about these feelings so i wanted to share here. does depression embody a she will around yourself?
i m year old diagnosed with gouty arthritis at and i ve been battling with myself for almost a year now and it ha gotten to the point where i m tired of living this tuesday morning at am i tried to commit suicide my second attempt on taking my own life in le than a year and yet i ve still managed to fail once more i wa able to get at least hour of sleep but nothing more and that s the best i can get from a day just sleep wishing and praying to god to take my life every night passing away in my sleep best way possible imho for the last few month i ve been starting all my day and ending in tear soaking my pillow i m constantly emotionally unstable i break down in the middle of my lecture and i m genuinely tired of feeling sad and having different type of emotion on a daily basis i m lacking enormously in motivation to keep on living my mind is a thinking machine and won t stop thinking about all the suicidal way i could end my pain most of the time i ask myself why me i used to be an energetic kid who enjoyed doing many thing in my free time mostly gaming all by myself since i never had an opportunity to make a solid friendship so most of the time i end up talking expressing to myself because in this world there is no one here for me no one ha ever cared for me or even shared the least tiny drop of affection towards my person that s why i just don t try to make friend any more because i feel like i m a failure at it and i don t want no one to invest time in me i currently have an absurd amount of hate rage towards myself for not being able to finish everything and not looking upon my flaw and imperfection and wasting the endless opportunity of improving myself now i ll just have to live with the consequence and i m just here in this world all alone thinking and knowing that some people are doing better than me and living their best life and i envy that and i m jealous of that i m writing this deep down from a part of me that ha just a millimeter of hope of recuperating but i highly doubt i ll be able to do it i won t lie a of writing this it feel like i m getting rid of an anchor that ha been pulling me back all this time
how can i get out of the loop depression is taking my life away i have been struggling with anxiety and depression for a long time now, and eating disorders in the past that have not fully healed. the trigger this time was that i saw a photo my broyfriend took of me and my legs appeared enormous to me. that single thought that arised from a photo that a loved one took on me, lead to not eating in three days, self injuries and an endless loop of feeling like shit. i feel so narcissistic and chidlish, why would my looks be at all this important? still now i cannot get over it. just seeing my legs in a photo that was taken with love. my boyfriend almost threw me out of home cos i was behaving like a fucking idiotic child. yet it is so hard to get out of the loop, i literally have nothing that makes me feel happy and i consider myself to be under the normal for intelligence and i don't have any special skills so i don't see a point in feeling better with myself. i feel so miserable, so useless, i only bring dark stuff to my lovely boyfriend. it's like i know how to get out of the loop my therapist gave me many tips but still when i am in the middle i cannot get out, my mind is racing with destructive shit that i believe and i act according to all these thoughts. the eating disorder has already been on for 13 years and i am already 30. i never imagined at this point of my life i would still be dealing my so many instrusive thoughts and still thinkking this is such a big of an issue. its like really, who is going to notice i put on weight? and if they do, why would it be so importnat? there are far many things more importnat than looks, but i seem to not be able to get over it anyhow. i feel like i should really die if am not skinny. this post might be destructured as i am a little anxious right now tldr i am 30 and still behaving like a baby and thinking my body image issues are the center of the world. i am ruining my relationship because when i get in a depressive mood, i cannot get out of it during days and i become aggressive and a total bitch with everyone. i don't want to live like this, i want to enjoy my loved ones
i have a full time job. married. two dogs. no debt and i am turning 25 in a few months. i graduated with my bachelors is psychology. i help people with chronic mental illness and homelessness and take so much abuse from them its not even funny. i am resentful about how my employers pay me i am currently making 44k a year and i am trying to further my education but i keep getting denied into masters programs. getting paid that much at 24 years old makes me feel like i have failed right out of the gate. i budgeted like a mad man and was able to save about 40k for a down payment for a house. but the market is so insane that we cannot even come close to the offers. i feel like i have done all of that budgeting for nothing.. i spent 19 years of my life being a devoted christian believing every word and building my faith. my degree in psychology showed me that my faith was incorrect and taught me to look for evidence in what i believe. i feel so isolated because my wife still believes along with nearly all of my friends. my wife knows and she has been very supportive. my parents keep asking me when i am getting a new job.i applied for a new one i was accepted but they wanted to pay me around 15 percent less than i am making now. i am starting to drink and get high nearly everyday and i have picked up a porn addiction that i thought i got rid of. resentment towards my wife because i feel like i get rejected atleast 3 4 times a week for sex. and now i am starting to blow my money that i worked hard for on nothing.. idk i have pretty much everything going for me and i know i should be thankful i just keep getting caught in this route of wanting perfection and i keep comparing myself to others. i have had thoughts of suicide and since working in mental health i feel like i have lost faith in the system to reach out or to even talk to a therapist. which is what i want to be.i could never leave my wife or family like that. but man i am just really not enjoying life right now. i hope some day that i will. last thing i want to be is a victim. i am just not happy. really needed to get this out. my life is perfect but i am miserable
i am use to sad and depressed but literal indifference literal muting of any strong emotion. i feel like this pill has made it easier to want to end it.not that i am going to act on it because that would be the end which while tempting i have to remind myself that i can try a different medication.i thought about therapy but what would that accomplish? accept that you had a shi y childhood done now can we move on i have already dealt with the abuse i suffered. my depression does not have trigger's it is always here in the background.the abuse is not the problem the problem is the chemicals in my head. tried pot and i felt like i went for a ride to the sunken place. tried alcohol and no buzz just tiredness. i do not even want to know what anything more serious would do.i just want to have moments of happiness i just want the cloud to go away. i am falling into old bad habits such as trying to establish unhealthy relationships because atleast if i make someone else happy i might feel like i am of use. logically i know i am of use and have argued with my emotions to no ends. logically i know i am setting myself up for pain when i realize that the connection with others is less than shallow. i feel so indifferent emotionally speaking that i had to stop myself from trying to engage in sex not because i would enjoy it 1. because i have not in the past and 2. because the thing will not get hard. but because in those few minutes when the woman is feeling good i might be able to steal a little satisfaction in my work.i do not expect sympathy i am not cutting or planning not that i would need to i am pretty sure i could do it with the pills i have now. not that i will because depression is not done with me yet and i am not ready to give up on escaping through medication and eventual life improvement. thanks for letting me vent these thoughts at a time when i do not feel like i have anyone who i can say this too. well time to get up and embrace the indifference because honestly it is pretty useful at getting me through work and helping me keep these new bursts of agitation from getting out. got on wellbutrin and well this sucks
just turned 22, you.s male.so i have really bad c ptsd. tons of bullying by male peers and teachers, physical abuse at school and serious bloody batterings at home, psychological abuse, bad relationship between parents that cultivated in an absent father and a drug addicted mother that either overdosed or killed herself in front of me naked, sexually, physically and mentally abusive 4 year relationship with an older girl, workplace bullying, sexual harassment at concerts, abusive hs principal suspended me constantly for no reason, dragged me out of class etc. , social ostracization, etc.there is all that, but last year i was exually assaulted by a friend of 10 years. afterwards i tried to engage in a playfight because she was angry drunk and no one asked if i was ok and i wanted to lighten the mood. one of her defenders said she beat the shit out of you verbatim. she punched me in the face like 5 times, left a ton of huge bruises and sprained my elbow. it is on film. after that happened, i blacked out on alcohol for the first time ever. afterwards i received serious abuse and harassment. people i did not even know were messaging me calling me a psychopath, a liar, someone told me if you keep falsely accusing her you will end up in jail and actually get exually assaulted after implying i drove my mother to suicide. it is been going on for a year now, the girl also falsely accused me of r pe to get out of the situation. her friends and my at the time friends were sick people. she is popular and clearly i am a doormat and the abuse and gaslighting and event itself just made me lose my fucking marbles for about a year straight and i was in a constant paranoid drunken state. i guess this was just the tipping point for me. i could not handle it and i just lost it and never slept or cleaned my room and quit my job and attempted uicide.how do i get out of this place? the trauma keeps coming back. it is awful and i feel insane. am i a bad person or can repetitive trauma and abuse like this make you lose your mind? i am scared. i feel like i am in trauma depression insomnia induced psychosis. anyone relate? need help
24mi do not know what to do. nothing makes me happy any more, in the last year i have alienated all of my friends from the past 8 20 years with the exception of one who i saw today and even then i felt like the spark was not there any more. all the others 15 people all decided to excommunicate me simultaneously and i still do not fully understand why. its been the most traumatic time having all the people i have held closest to my heart all turn their backs on me at once and its left me with feelings of hatred towards myself and feelings of total emptiness and unbearable lonelinessi feel unlovable and unlikeable, when i look in the mirror i hate what i see, looks aside, i loathe the person i have become over the past years, i find it hard to make friends now because if i were anyone else, i know i would not want to be my friend. i am awkward, shy, ugly and have nothing to offer in any situation. i feel like every interaction is forced and that even when i try my hardest its still painfully obvious that i am an insecure wretch. i am unemployed, uneducated and no longer have anyone to talk to besides my councillor once a week. not sure if that is really doing much for me either. i no longer enjoy anything that used to interest me, i have even given up on music at this point. all i want is some companionship but feel like ill never be able to attain it because i have become so fucking numbed out and boring that no one ever wants to befriend me. i do not know what i want to do with my life and feel like i have no real guidance so i am destined to work soul destroying jobs that i hate that make me miserable.i just feel so alone and that i am unable to do anything about it because my feelings of not being good enough because me to constantly push other people away for fear they might see me the same way i see myself. i do not even want to try any more, every time i have something good i still manage to fuck it up beyond repair and end up back at square one. life just does not feel like its worth all of this pain and loneliness. i do not understand how it can ever get better feeling like i am at the end of my rope
so i was just minding my business at the trainstation, waiting for my train to go to scchool after a stressful morning at my workplace. it was around midday and it was raining badly, i just sat down on a bench near me and tuned into some music when suddenly this old lady just sat down next to me and started talking to me so.. weekend now, huh? she asked me. i put down my headphones and replied with not really, still have to work a shift on saturday. i really was not interested to chit chat with her so i hastily put my headphones back on, or atleast tried to. before i actually put them on she said ah, school. which grade are you in? i quickly replied again grade 10 before she turned her head to me and smilingly said you have a great future ahead of you! i doubt that but thank you. i said back. there was a small moment of silence but the old lady eventually broke it with her words you know.. you need to stop troubling yourself with the past. you are young and strong, there is no need for you to worry about a tiny fraction of your life, which is the past. start focusing on the future.. better yet, yout future! forget your age and focus on your future because only you can shape it the way you want. do not try and change the past because it already solidified into your life but your future on the other hand.. if i were you, i would use your young strength and willpower to shape a future that would suit me right. i would give allot just to go back in time and tell my young self everything i have just told you because i know i could have done better than i actually did. if i did better in the past then maybe now i would not have to take the train to my last days of work everyday, haha. well, here goes my train.. take care of yourself, okay darling? with those words she entered the train and waved goodbye to me. i had abusive parents so i never got such advice and honestly it felt magical to hear something like that. i just needed to share this with someone and hopefully this advice will help some of you on here like it helped me.keep on going you all! had a small talk with an old lady at the trainstation today.
everything in my life feels weird, i am happy sad all the time, and productive but also burnt out, i could keep going about how i feel like there is a direct contrast between most aspects of my life but i want to keep this relatively short.honestly i am just writing this to get the thoughts off my chest because i know i will probably forget about this tomorrow. i do not know if i have any mental illness but from what i have heard my symptoms are closest to depression. i am 18 and i feel like i have the perfect life but i have never been able to enjoy it. i do not know where the constant sadness goes or anything. i went to a great high school and did well academically and had a decent amount of friends and a great friend group. alright, that is the context and i will now get into the depression symptom stuff. i have had thoughts that align with nihilism since i was like 13. i have this constant battle that feels like it is going on in my head between happiness and sadness. i have what feels like euphoric episodes that last a few days, so maybe that is just happiness? idk, but it does not really last. every good phase i have comes with a crashing low that drains me and leaves me with my thoughts and i do not know how i get out of it but it just a cycle. i do not fit into what i always thought depression was as i an able to be productive and do really well but i just burn out after. i cannot find any interests for most of the time and then i get super hyper focused on something and it feels like it is my calling in my life. i think i had been numbing my thoughts for nearly a year and just tried to think no thoughts and it worked but it left me feeling stupid as shit. i do not know how i return to how i used to be when i was less depressed or whatever or if i even can. i might add more to this and explain more but this is just all the thoughts that are running through my head. i do not know what i am looking for out of this post but if you want to say anything, feel free to.also, is it normal to think this is all in my head? like i am manifesting it or doing it to myself or something i feel like an oxymoron
everything in my life feels weird, i am happy sad all the time, and productive but also burnt out, i could keep going about how i feel like there is a direct contrast between most aspects of my life but i want to keep this relatively short.honestly i am just writing this to get the thoughts off my chest because i know i will probably forget about this tomorrow. i do not know if i have any mental illness but from what i have heard my symptoms are closest to depression. i am 18 and i feel like i have the perfect life but i have never been able to enjoy it. i do not know where the constant sadness goes or anything. i went to a great high school and did well academically and had a decent amount of friends and a great friend group. alright, that is the context and i will now get into the depression symptom stuff. i have had thoughts that align with nihilism since i was like 13. i have this constant battle that feels like it is going on in my head between happiness and sadness. i have what feels like euphoric episodes that last a few days, so maybe that is just happiness? idk, but it does not really last. every good phase i have comes with a crashing low that drains me and leaves me with my thoughts and i do not know how i get out of it but it just a cycle. i do not fit into what i always thought depression was as i an able to be productive and do really well but i just burn out after. i cannot find any interests for most of the time and then i get super hyper focused on something and it feels like it is my calling in my life. i think i had been numbing my thoughts for nearly a year and just tried to think no thoughts and it worked but it left me feeling stupid as shit. i do not know how i return to how i used to be when i was less depressed or whatever or if i even can. i might add more to this and explain more but this is just all the thoughts that are running through my head. i do not know what i am looking for out of this post but if you want to say anything, feel free to.also, is it normal to think this is all in my head? like i am manifesting it or doing it to myself or something i feel like an oxymoron
tw. suicide, death unintentionally. backstory, i have been on ssris for almost 2 years and never skipped a dose. yesterday however was the first time. i was feeling relatively normal that morning, but as i went out with friends in the afternoon, i remember feeling... a bit glum. i totally forgot i have not taken my meds, so i thought it was just one of those off days. all i can think of that time when i was with them, however, was i felt out of place. my friends were not even talking to me that i felt even more miserable. granted that anyone would feel the same, i chalked it up to me being timid and not engaging in the conversation. but on that afternoon, i just felt like i was intruding on a somewhat closed space that i was not allowed in. my laughter felt forced and i was not enjoying myself. i almost wanted to cry that my best friend was a little awkward around me that i knew something was wrong and it was because me. i felt like i was a defective pos and that i deserve what i am feeling because i am sick and i am never getting better. i cried that night and thought of committing suicide again. i had tons of suicidal thoughts when my dog got sick and died i cannot handle grief very much and it has been 3 months since then. last night was so downright depressing, i felt like someone died in my family again. i live alone and i cannot trust myself to make decisions when i am horribly depressed, so i decided to go to sleep to maybe cleanse the feelings away. this morning, my family called and asked me what i was doing. they asked if i took my meds. i counted the ones that were left, and knew right then yesterday, i did not. i got scolded for a while, but it was okay. i took my meds then and placebo or not, i feel a lot better. but still, i kind of realize that i might forever be on ssris. a day of not being on it just does things to my brain that i cannot explain. tldr. skipped my meds accidentally, got too depressed i wanted to commit suicide. reminded to take them the next day, felt better placebo or not, who knows . do not skip your meds, kids. i skipped a dose of antidepressants and it was horrible.
hi you all my first post in here i have to write my story down i m curious if there are more people in this im a 0 year old student from the netherlands i want to become a teacher at primary school my education take year right now i m re doing the third year i struggle with my past i do not have had a save bonding with my parent and family and in that time i wa bullied at primary school at my th i got involved in a situation of sexual unacceptable behaviour that wa the last thing what made me stop for a short time with my study that year i had a lot of spare time and after that year i had to start again with that year of my education the hard thing about it is my problem are not solved in that year off i had therapy but it wasn t the right fit for me after the therapy i thought i could start over but right now i notice the problem are coming back again the situation is right now i have a lot to do for school in week there is a big deadline and it is almost impossible to fix the stuff i have to do there is a lot of work to do but i am not motivated at all to do something i lay in bed till pm or do something i like to do and isn t nessecary last week i went to the doctor to start therapy again i think that is a good start i really want to go on with my life but i am so tired of it all i want to stop not facing my problem and do something easy but that isn t the solution im so alone in this all i have told some friend but not my parent cause they will be so judgy after a year of doing le work than the other year for me it is very hard to go on to concentrate on something and to end it i m afraid i lost my dicipline and i know i have some other problem which i want to fix by therapy i feel like a failure and i m sad and mad a good friend of mine said it is normal that i am not motivated by the problem i have about my past and familysituation that i don t have to ask my self too much she is way more kind to me than i am to myself on the other hand i don t want to be too kind in some way i have to do more well this is the situaition i live in i wonder if there are more people who share a part of my situation
tw. suicide, death unintentionally. backstory, i have been on ssris for almost 2 years and never skipped a dose. yesterday however was the first time. i was feeling relatively normal that morning, but as i went out with friends in the afternoon, i remember feeling... a bit glum. i totally forgot i have not taken my meds, so i thought it was just one of those off days. all i can think of that time when i was with them, however, was i felt out of place. my friends were not even talking to me that i felt even more miserable. granted that anyone would feel the same, i chalked it up to me being timid and not engaging in the conversation. but on that afternoon, i just felt like i was intruding on a somewhat closed space that i was not allowed in. my laughter felt forced and i was not enjoying myself. i almost wanted to cry that my best friend was a little awkward around me that i knew something was wrong and it was because me. i felt like i was a defective pos and that i deserve what i am feeling because i am sick and i am never getting better. i cried that night and thought of committing suicide again. i had tons of suicidal thoughts when my dog got sick and died i cannot handle grief very much and it has been 3 months since then. last night was so downright depressing, i felt like someone died in my family again. i live alone and i cannot trust myself to make decisions when i am horribly depressed, so i decided to go to sleep to maybe cleanse the feelings away. this morning, my family called and asked me what i was doing. they asked if i took my meds. i counted the ones that were left, and knew right then yesterday, i did not. i got scolded for a while, but it was okay. i took my meds then and placebo or not, i feel a lot better. but still, i kind of realize that i might forever be on ssris. a day of not being on it just does things to my brain that i cannot explain. tldr. skipped my meds accidentally, got too depressed i wanted to commit suicide. reminded to take them the next day, felt better placebo or not, who knows . do not skip your meds, kids. i skipped a dose of antidepressants and it was horrible.
